 This was my first experience in purchasing a chain saw . In the past my tree trimming was done with a hand saw . In the last strong wind storm that went through it took about one third of a nice size maple tree down . This job would have been hours with a hand saw but with this new chain saw we had this job done quickly and with ease . I should have made this purchase years ago .
 Used to prune Oak tree , took half a day . Did n't even have to adjust the chain , which I would have had to do several times if I had used my gas saw .
 I bought this chainsaw with very little expectation . I have several very powerful gas chainsaws . The attraction for this saw is its light weight , electric motor and my wife can safely handle it around the house . I decided to try it myself on some large oak blocks I planned to split for firewood . I was very pleasently surprised at the power of this saw and its ease of operation . I have been a fan of Poulan tools for many years . This chainsaw is a very good investment for the money . I recommend it highly .
 Strong and powerful . Cuts through anything in my yard with ease . Easy to work with and well balanced . Wish I had gotten rid of the gas model years ago and had this .
 I had a gasoline chain saw for many years and there was always somesort of a problem with it , I finally got tired of of all the problems and purchased this electric chain saw . It works great and I wish I would have purchased one years ago . The 4 HP is really great , I have cut some really large trees and there has never been an issue that there was not enough power to do the job , it powered through the hardest of hardwood trees .
 After years using a gasoline chain saw and having so much trouble starting it I decided to try an electric chain saw . What a pleasure . I checked out many reviews of electric chain saws on the internet and decided to buy the Poulon Pro 400E 18-inch . It was very easy to use and cut thru a large tree with no problem . I wo n't be using my gas saw anymore .
 Best saw I have ever had . All my work is around home and the gas powered saw is hard to start when hot so using it is a problem . This saw is wonderful to use .
 its an electric chain saw . this one works for me . I have long extension cords . the 18 '' bar is needed for larger sawing .
 This is an excellent product , easy to use and priced extremely reasonably . Excellent built-in safety features . If you 've never used a chain saw before -LRB- I had n't -RRB- you may be a little frightened by the rather extensive cautions given in the instruction booklet , but they amount basically to keeping a firm grip on the saw when using it . It may be worthwhile to start out for a few minutes together with someone who has used a chain saw before . You need to separately purchase chain-saw oil for using it . I would recommend using some kind of ear plug for protecting your ears against the noise , but that would apply to any chain saw .
 I bought this a year-and-a-half ago ; and it 's still going strong . Follow the directions carefully . It 's so nice to find a piece of machinery made by a company who pays attention to safety , quality , and longevity of their product . This is a great chainsaw . It 's not a toy . Be careful .
 I bought this saw based on other reviews and was a little skeptical if it would work as well as a gas saw . Bottom line ... it does . Plenty of power , no gas to mix and add , much quieter than a gas saw . I did not experience any kickback while cutting down several trees in my backyard . A few things to keep in mind . Buy a heavy duty extension cord -LRB- 12/3 -RRB- . I bought a 100 ' and 50 ' . Used them together and they worked fine . If you are doing a lot of cutting -LRB- about a cord -RRB- buy a gallon of bar oil . The saw uses it fairly quickly and if you buy a quart -LRB- like I did -RRB- you 'll soon be back at the store for a gallon . A gallon is not much more than a quart -LRB- think paint pricing -RRB- . Be sure to adjust the tension on the chain and check occassionally . The chain only fell off once and since then I check the tension more often . Let the saw fall through the wood -LRB- do not force it -RRB- and it will keep going all day . I 'm also pretty impressed at how sharp the chain has stayed . The saw does not inlcude a case and the bar cover supplied is little more than a glorified baggie . That aside the saw is a joy to use . I keep looking for things to cut down .
 I recently had a branch fall off of a tree in my yard . Rather than pay the ~ $ 200 for a one-time removal , I decided to buy a chainsaw and take care of it myself . After checking some reviews , this Poulan looked like it would fit the bill . It chewed through the branch -LRB- from 2 '' to 16 '' thick -RRB- in no time , and , being electric , was easy to start and stop during the process . As a bonus , it requires no oil-fuel mixing , so this ended up being a real treat to use .
 It was a bit of a surprise for me to find such power in an electric chainsaw . I was delighted that it took down trees that had become too large for their space -- it did it with such ease ; I looked around for more trees to fell . Then felt a bit guilty that it was such fun to use . I think it is more important to plant trees than to cut them down , so I plan on doing just that this fall . It had twice the power of a gas one that was loaned to me . I highly recommend it to others ! I wish it came with a case , though .
 Well worth it for the backyard guy . A little more power than needed which is what you want anyway . Better to be over than under-powered . Very handy for trimming branches . Have n't cut anything over 12-16 '' diameter but I do n't think this is made for logging . Good buy-good price-good seller .
 I love this chainsaw it is great for the little stuff that is to big for a hand saw and things like that I love it I use it every year to cut the bottom of the christmas tree and you would not believe what a help that is . I recommend very much
 I got this saw after an ice-storm in Tulsa caused serious damage to a dozen trees . It had no problem cutting through a 16 '' oak trunk.It 's a workhorse that performs well . It tends to drink oil , but I guess that 's good for performance and chain life.There 's a gizmo that 's a screwdriver/wrench for chain removal . I lost mine because THERE 'S NOWHERE ON THE SAW HOUSING TO STASH IT -LRB- are you listening Poulan -RRB- . Otherwise , chain adjustment and removal are pretty straightforward .
 Mowed multiple trees near my house with ease . I love the fact that when I need to set down the saw there is no engine running like in a gas powered saw . Plenty of power in this saw to cut through most trees that I would attempt as weekend warrior .
 I live in Oregon ... famous for the lumber industry and I have used gas chainsaws for a long time . I purchased the Poulan Pro 18-Inch 4 hp to replace one of my husky gas powered saws . I was impressed !! It will save you on gas -LRB- money in your pocket -RRB- , saw maintanence -LRB- time -RRB- , and cost of a gas power saw . You will still need bar oil , and I recommend a heavy duty long power cord ... at least a 12 gauge cord to maximize the power of this fantastic electric saw . Note
 I have a gas Stihl and had a gas Poulan that I discarded because it would n't start and stay running . This has as much power as my gas Poulon and is much more pleasurable to use - light , no pulling a starter cord , does n't quit running when I carry it up the ladder , etc. . Bought the Stihl after I wore out the sprocket on the gas Poulan during the 2004 Florida hurricanes and replacements had all been snatched up . I 'm keeping the Stilh in case of another hurricane but find myself grabbing the electric Poulan for any cutting around the house - and it uses my leftover bars and chains from the gas Poulan . If it had a hard case , it would be nearly ideal .
 I 've never been one for choosing an electric tool over it 's gas version . My experience with electric vs. gas generally has shown how limited the electric versions are . So I read many of the reviews for this particular model and decided to buy it . I needed something between a hand held bow saw yet did n't want to spend the money on a gas chain saw.The use would be very limited and that 's not a good thing with a gas saw . The price seemed reasonable and it had enough reviews to make it credible . Turned out to be a good decision . Something a lot more useful than a bow saw yet could easily sit on a shelf for a long time . Put it to work immediately after I received it on couple of six inch diameter limbs and worked every bit as good as a gas one . Really quite impressed and satisfied .
 This is my first chainsaw purchase and I purchased it simply to remove a TON of weeds/small branches that have covered my backyard . This made that work -LRB- still in progress -RRB- SO much easier . I even finished up cutting up some larger branches off a tree that I originally used some big scissors for . Cut through those branches like butter . Super easy to use and not very heavy . I love the feeling of cutting through so many branches with ease!Definitely use ear plugs as this device is fairly loud . The cord is also super short so you 'll need an extension cord . And this chainsaw does not come with any oil so make sure to buy some before using it.Great item and would definitely recommend for anyone doing yard work that requires large cutting shears . This makes the work tremendously easier .
 I purchased the Poulan Pro 400E chain saw to trim some trees that were damaged by the recent ice storms that occurred in the Upper South and Midwest , and have used it for several hours . This particular model was number two among electrics in the latest Consumer Reports ratings -LRB- the top rated one costs over twice as much ! -RRB- . This replaces my Craftsman gas -LRB- 2-cycle -RRB- chain saw , and if I 'd known what I know now at the time that I purchased the Craftsman , I would have realized that - for a typical homeowner with a 1/4 - to 1/2-acre lot - a corded electric such as this one offers the best combination of power , convenience and value.My thought is , if you are a homeowner and face a job that requires more power or speed than this chain saw offers , you probably need to play it safe and call in a professional tree service . That being said , I 've been able to cut limbs up to approximately 12 '' in diameter , which is fairly thick.Some differences between an electric and gas chain saws
 This Poulan Pro 18-Inch 4.0 HP Electric Chain Saw is much better then 3.0 hp gas Chain saw . I am very impressed with this Poulan Pro 18-Inch 4.0 HP Electric Chain Saw . And I highly recommend it .
 The 400E is exactly what I needed for around the house use . Powerful , easy to use and safe . After a few test runs on smaller branches , I was able to cut down and manage larger tree projects . The only down side to this the 400E is the less than clear directions . The novice chainsaw user will need to re-read the instructions a few times in order not to miss important details ... not something most of us men want to deal with in life .
 We bought this model based on the reviews for it and have been very pleased . We first used it to cut down 3 thick pussy willow trees . It did great . Since our tree guy was there to chip everything up for us we had him take the stumps down to ground level , as it would have taken us quite a while with this saw . Then we used it to cut down 5 young paulownia trees - now these are very lightweight , kind of like bamboo . We were able to cut them right down to the ground and then checker ` cut the stumps to take them down further . The chain came off twice on the paulownias , but it was probably due to our trying to use it to pry a little . .
 I have 5 acres and once or twice a year I 'm working with a chain saw , went out a few weeks ago and after about an hour gave up on starting my gas chainsaw , after reading reviews on this item I decided to give it a try , keep in mind I 'm in my late 40 's and have used chainsaws my entire adult life . This saw has planty of power maybe not quite as much as a gas saw when your really pushing it but enough to handle any job you put it up to . Time will tell if this holds up but my instinct is that it will , seems as rugged as any of the 3 or 4 saws I 've owned over the years -LRB- all Poulan -RRB- ; Have a 12 guage 100 ' extensionn cord and a generator for jobs beyond this . One piece of advice concerning electric motors is be sure you have a heavy enough guage cord for the distance , an electric motor of any type will burn up/fail if the cord is undersized for the amperage it needs .
 After reviewing the performance of electric chainsaws I purchased the best rated one which was the Poulan 400E . I live in a small town neighbor hood and my lot is only 50 ` x150 ' and I try to keep my wood processing noise to a low level . I own several -LRB- 8 -RRB- large and small gasoline chain saws , some are winners and some losers with no guts . The Proulan 400E is a cleverly designed tough guy with guts and a good lube system -LRB- my other two electric saw I have to hand oil since the automatic oiling system Nvever , Never , Never worked from the start -RRB- . For the price and quality of this electric saw , it is a winner!As for Amazon.com I wished I could have had an automatic pop up for this saw 's acessories just before check out , because I did n't see the acessories availabe until after check out . -LRB- I was just trying to save money and time . -RRB-
 I purchased this saw to replace one I hd worn out and could no longer get parts for . The particular advantage to me is I own a gas Polan Pro saw and the blades fit either one . Easy to change chains and great safety features
 This chain saw performed better than I thought it would . I used it to cut through a 12 '' mulberry tree root that was uplifting my pool lines for the ground . It cut through the root like butter ; and had great power . If this was not worth it would surely tell you my money is a terrible thing to waste.Robert CA .
 I used this chainsaw to cut down some mid-sized trees in my backyard . It worked flawlessly . This tool is perfect for the average homeowner that does n't want the maintenance of a gas-powered tool , but occasionally needs a saw with enough power to do the job . The only drawback I 've found is that oil continues to drip out of the automatic oil reservoir leaving an oil stain anywhere you 've left the tool . I called Poulan and spoke with a technical rep. They recommend draining it after each use . It only takes a couple of minutes to do , so I ca n't even say this is ` annoying ' . Its just something you 've got ta do as maintenance for a good tool . I would recommend this saw to anyone looking for the occasional-use chainsaw that requires little maintenance .
 I 've been using this saw for a year now and love it . I use it for clearing pine near my cabin , so the cord is no issue . I 've cut logs up to 12 '' and the saw has plenty of power .
 This is avery good working saw for yard and small work I have been cutting up to 4 '' limbs with no trouble . Con drips too much !!! oil when not running uses a lot of oil when running .
 I purchased this electric chain saw because I wanted something with a little more flexibility . You can start/stop easily , accidents are greatly reduced.Saw is very powerful , could n't believe it when I very first started it up . I had a couple of trees that needed to be cut down and this saw went straight to work . Once I got the trees on the ground , cutting up into smaller pieces was a piece of cake.The manual says to tension the chain after 15 minutes of use , but if you take your time with the saw and do n't push too hard , you 'll find that the chain is fine.Didn ' t need tension adjustment until about 30 minutes of use . Tension remained at the correct level.If you keep the chain sharp , the saw will do its job , a dull chain will wear out the motor and you end up applying unnecessary force.Use good oil , and oil the bar well . Lubrication of chain and bar is critical.I would recommend this to any home owner who has trees on their property .
 I was apprehensive at first . I did some light trimmimg at first . Then a 20 '' pine fell in my yard . My Son brought over 2 gas chain saws and was having a difficult time cutting the pine . My electric Poulan cut it like butter . If you are trying to deside the pros & cons ... It is worth the money !
 I was a little sceptical about buying an electric chainsaw but I did n't want the noise or fuel mixing hassles of a gas powered one . This saw has definately exceeded my expectations for how well it cuts , it 's easy to control , and does n't bog down even with a full bar length cut . The only 2 minor issues I have are it does use a lot of oil -LRB- when you stop cutting and set it down there is so much oil on the chain its dripping -RRB- , and the kickback brake feels a bit flimsy but works fine when I tested it .
 I 've had this electric chain saw for a couple of years now . It 's been perfect so far . I do n't use it a lot , but when I do it works great . I had some huge old arborvitae in my back yard . They were about 20 feet high and the diameter of the trunks were between 12 and 19 inches . The saw cut them down in short order , with my help , of course . P.S. Do n't even think about buying a gas-powered chain saw if you care about the environment at all . A gas-powered chain saw pollutes as much in an hour as 40 late-model cars . That 's a lot of pollution .
 First off , know that this electric is the Consumer Reports # 1 of the genre . Those folks know more than me , you or any other Amazon reviewer . So , take that for what it 's worth.In practice , this saw has more than enough power to take down small to medium trees . Any job that is large likely will necessitate a gas-powered saw . The automatic chain oiler works so well that you do n't notice or think about it . The chain itself will require attention , especially early on , to ensure it stays tight and does n't slip off . Manufacturer does not recommend using an extension cord longer than 100 ' . I 've read several reviews that suggest electric being much better than gas from an environmental perspective , but if you 're cutting down trees , does it really matter what kind of saw you 're using ? As long as you do n't use your saw to ignite a tire fire , I think you 'll be OK with a gas or electric.So , if your workload is only moderate and you 'd like to save a few dollars on an electric as opposed to a gas saw , this one is perfect . When I shopped -LRB- April 2009 -RRB- , Amazon had the best price on a new saw . Some used saws are available on other sites , but saving money that way is not a trade-off I 'm willing to make .
 This is my third chainsaw in four years . First I bought a 3 horsepower Remington electric 16 in chainsaw . It worked pretty well , although I tried to make it do too much and burned out the motor . Thinking I needed more power I bought a gas powered 18 in Ryobi chain saw , which does not work well at all . However with a large tree adjacent to my house dying , I needed a working chain saw . So I took a chance on this Poulan Pro , 18 in , electric . It was a great choice.In one day , I took down all the major branches of the tree , leaving a large stump . I was able to cut all of the wood in one day , yielding nearly a cord , or it will when I finish splitting the larger pieces . Some of the pieces were actually 18 in diameter or larger and the saw still handled them . Over the course of the day , I had to tension the chain once , and fill up the oil tank twice - not bad at all . Clean up was easy , about 15 minutes with a couple of paper towels and an old paint brush and it was clean enough to store.If you can can run an extension cord to where you are cutting , this saw is a very good choice . Easy to maintain and use , not as loud or smelly as a gas chain saw , and plenty of power for even larger logs .
 This has been the best money I 've spent on Amazon !! This saw is durable , and a quality alternative to a gas saw . I have used it to cut multiple trees up to 1 foot thick and it never blinked . I 've also used it to cut 17 oak/creosote railroad ties -LRB- the real ones around 8x10 inch or so -RRB- during one yard project . It NEVER struggled due to power . I was pleasantly surprised to find such a quality saw for less than $ 100 . You MUST MAINTAIN THIS LIKE A REGULAR SAW ! This means clean it , check the bar oil , and adjust the chain before you use it every time . I think I will have this saw for a long , long time.UPDATE 11/2010 - I 've used this thing continuously for TWO YEARS , and it still performs well . i Just need to find a good file to sharpen the chain and buy more chain oil then keep going . AWSOME PRODUCT POULAN !
 This is a great chainsaw . I spent some time researching the right one to get and Consumer reports was right on with this one . It works great , very powerful . I have used it to chop through 10 '' branches and nothing has even given it a hiccup yet . Cuts through trees like butter ! It 's great if you do n't need a highly portable saw . You are limited only by your extension cord .
 Having used a gas chainsaw in the past I was tired of messing with the gasoline . Am I glad that I switched ! This Poulan Pro is tough and reliable . This is not a wannabe saw . It is THE saw to use . It is reliable and unstoppable . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 After problems starting two borrowed gas chainsaws , checked out consumersearch.com for their comments . Favorable remarks on the Poulan Pro electric there led me to Amazon reviews , which were equally positive . Excellent price on Amazon -LRB- cheaper than a handyman wanted for one small job ! -RRB- . Saw worked like a charm , cut through 15 inch downed tree like butter . I 'll know more in a year or two .
 Very powerful and a solid piece of machinary . Only it needs to be cleaned often and the tension adjustment could be easier .
 I have to say that this chain saw is one great tool ! if you are anywhere where you can plug in , then this is the saw to have . I have used many saws over the years , and this one is really powerful , it out cut a 42cc in a side to side tree cutting job . Its lightweight , and powerful even with a long cord . It is loud , you can tell it has power just by the sound ! After you try it you will be equally impressed . A great tool at a great price . .
 Guys , be honest with yourselves
 I purchased Poulan Pro 400E 18-Inch 4 HP Electric Chain Saw about 2 months ago . I have used it to cut fallen trees from the last year 's storm . Some of the trees are about 22-25 inch in diameter . The chain saw ripped through them without any problem . I am going to test it next on a 30 inch trunk that is left.Given its very low price and easy maintenance , I highly recommend it . The only limitation is the wire length , which for those who have portable generator should not be a problem .
 Just retired my gas powered Poulan and switched to the Poulan Pro 400E Electric . Good move , no compromise in power . I will gladly give up the mobility of my old gas chainsaw for the simplicity and reliability of electric . All of my cutting needs are around the house and my 100 ' 14 gauge cord works great and gets me where I need to be . Although the manual says a 100 ' cord is `` not recommended '' , it works just fine . I actually expected to have to buy a 12 guage cord to keep from getting power drain , I was please to see my old cord works great . I just cut up a large quantity of dense 10 '' diameter hardwood and it did n't tax the saw at all.A big bonus for me is not mixing gas and oil , not polluting the air and not awakening the dead -LRB- and all my neighbors -RRB- since switching to electric .
 This is my second electric chain saw . I purchased it because of the 4 hp power rating . I 'm using it hard and it 's performing great . Unlike most chain oilers -LRB- both manual and automatic -RRB- , this one actually works . I 'm very pleased and would n't hesitate to recommend this saw to my best friend . I 'm ready to sell my old gas chain saw .
 Thanks to musicreviewer I wo n't have to buy another . Mine has been broken for 2 months , taken apart in the garage . After reading his review I was able to get it going again . Thanks musicreviewer .
 I bought this to cut down a bunch of damaged 8 to 10 foot Emerald Green Arborvitae 's that did n't fare well during the heavy snow storms in the North-East this year . This chainsaw made quick work of them . I was surprised an electric chainsaw could be so powerful - I feel I definitely got a lot of bang for the buck . Be sure you have a high qualityextension cordand do n't forget the bar and chain lube -LRB- I bought Sears Craftsman brand locally for $ 3.00 -RRB- .
 Working on four downed trees in my back yard . This saw ia a BEAST ! Cuts like buttah !!!! Easily matches my old gas HusqyThe cord limits your range and the directions suggest a heavier guage extension cord than I ' v been using -LRB- at around 100 ' , but I 've seen no dropoff in performance.Price was right , arrived in a couple of days , no tax , free shipping ... no gas driving to the store!Highly reccomend !!!!!!
 Up until now , I 've avoided buying a chain saw out of fear that I may injure myself . However , my pole electric pruner just was n't cutting it for some of the larger branches that I wanted to cut . So , I decided to get an electric chain saw . Of course , I went to Amazon.com first and read saw all the excellent rating for this saw . I went to Lowes because I wanted to see what it felt like to hold it . This thing looked gigantic in the store and felt heavier than I expected in my hands . However , it was constrained by an anti-theft cable , so I could get a real feel for it . This seemed overkill . So , I looked at the 16 '' and 14 '' models . The 16 '' was just as heavy , but the 14 '' was super light . The reason for this is it 's only 1.5 hp . I almost bought it but was concerned that it would be underpowered and not much better than my pruner , and it did n't have all the cool features of the 400E . I ended up buying the 400E despite my reservations . I tried it out today . Wow ! This thing cuts through small branches and trees like butter . I 'm totally impressed . My reservations were unfounded . I now believe that the size and features make this chain saw safer and I 'm very happy that I got it .
 I have now cut through many 20 + inch Red & White Oak as well as Yellow Popular . I raced a MS460 and MS660 Stihl -LRB- $ 900 and $ 1200 saws -RRB- and I was about 3 seconds behind both cutting a 20 inch Yellow Popular log to firewood length . We -LRB- owner of his own tree service and I -RRB- did this for about an hour . I had to tighten the chain once and the motor housing got pretty hot . This saw did n't miss once and chewed through the same wood with a $ 900 and $ 1200 saw . I had two 75 foot heavy gage extension cords on it . Keep the chain sharp and I can do anything as long as I have an outlet -LRB- the generator is the next purchase -RRB- . The owner of the business kept laughing at the saw , because he said `` I could buy those all season and save money '' ! Laughing about the $ 100 he spends on the service of each of his saws each season . The money I saved on this one saw I can now buy my family -LRB- 10 kids -RRB- a nice generator . My family counts on me to feed them , keep them warm in the winter and to provide over all . I have been using chainsaws for 18 years , 3 of them as a combat engineer in the army . Read the manual and if you are going to split more than 2 cords of wood a year , then get two quarts of chain oil . This saw does go through the chain oil -LRB- if that is your worry , I like it -RRB- . If you are worried about this chainsaw , I do n't blame you . I took the risk for you -LRB- yes , was called girly names at work -RRB- and have done it all with it . If you are looking to save money and not worry about mixing gas , breaking your arm trying to start a saw ; buy this one ! Otherwise enjoy your tinkering , fixing , and repair bills on your gas saw ! I saved time and money with this one ! Good job Poulan -LRB- I never thought I would be saying that -RRB- My family of 10 is the testing grounds and we give the real world exam !
 I rate this up with my 18 '' gasoline saw . Easy to use around the house.With power enough to use on on heavy oak fire wood .
 I needed to cut down some bushes that had overgrown in my back yard . They were about 15 feet high . The saw took care of them with very little problem . I had to tighten the chain twice -LRB- as the instructions suggested -RRB- . The blades were sharp and made quick work out of the tree/bush diameter . There is a handy opaque window to see how much oil is left in the chain saw . Do n't forget to get the chain oil BEFORE you start using the chain saw !
 Received this product in 5 days , free shipping and put it right to work . In less than an hour , I cleared a path through the woods in my back yard which had been blocked by a huge 4 inch thick branch since last year . The saw works perfectly , and hardly used any oil . I kept checking the chain tension like the manual suggests , but it needed no tightening during the entire first use . It comes apart easily for cleaning and goes back together just as easily . I ca n't wait to use it again .
 After 5 years of service , a great saw . 4hp is plenty of power for the small tree or two that needs to come down on my wooded lot every year . It has handled a couple of larger jobs as well . And all the benefits of an electric -- no gas/oil mix , or wondering if the thing is going to start after a winter on the shelf .
 A real pleasure to use after using gas-oil saws for many years . For jobs in the small to medium category this saw is perfect . No need to be concerned with gas and oil mixtures , cleaning up , dripping , etc. . Have used it to cut trees up to 8 '' diameters with no problem . Recommend this electric saw , great price , easy-servicing , easy handling .
 Great machine even for household use.It seems heavy but once we put on the branch of tree , we do n't feel so heavy.It cuts even thick branches like cucumber .
 I have n't had my saw long enough to judge how long it will last but so far it works like a dream.It is well built and easy to use .
 Read the reviews on Amazon and added to My Wish List . Ran across it on sale at Farm & Fleet about 4 months later -LRB- $ 79 + tax -RRB- and bought it . Have a large yard with lots of mature trees . Perfect for my purposes . Plenty of power and no need to mess with gas . This has been a huge time saver .
 I purchased this for my husband from Amazon well over 1 year ago . It has had fairly heavy use , including cutting down over 20 large trees on our property.The trees were about 14 '' in diameter and 35 ' to 40 ' tall . All were cut into firewood also . Of course he uses it for many smaller jobs around the yard.There has been no problems whatsoever with the saw . It is much better in ouropinion than the gas chain saw we used to use .
 My husband said this is the best gift I have ever given him . It did a terrific job of cleaning up 3 huge bushes that fell in a recent snow storm . One more to go . So much easier than using the gasoline stuff . Electric is terrific . Did n't need any more power .
 Purchased this saw to clean up the mess we had after the Halloween snow storm . We had trees and big branches down all over the yard . The saw is a powerhouse . I used the saw for about 5 hours . Making sure the chain was oiled and tightened properly as I cut . Cut thru 8 inch branches . I set the saw down for a 15 minuet break and when I came back it was dead . I checked the power supply and made sure the chain brake was off . That was on a Sunday . I contacted amazon on Monday and they sent out a new saw that day . I had the next day . That 's some service ! They even paid the freight to return the defective saw . The new saw works as well as the first . I just hope it lasts . For an electric saw it ca n't be beat .
 good chain saw works as described have no problems price was rightno other words but I have to write 20 so I will just make up things to say .
 We had a bad winter storm in our area and many trees came down , including my large elm tree in my yard . I purchased this Poulan electric chain saw to cut up this large tree in my yard . It cut good size limbs and logs fairly easily with no problems or malfunctions . Great saw at a great price !
 Got this chainsaw as a -LRB- requested -RRB- gift from wife . Reviewed others and decided on this one from previous reviews.Didn ' t want the hassle of gas powered . No earplugs needed . I own a portable generator so using anywhere on property was n't an issue . I was very happy with the ease it will cut down any size tree I have on site.Mostly aspens . Have n't come across a tree that gave this saw any trouble . Easy to read bar oil reservoir . Seems stout enough to take dropping it . For small site tree and brush removal this is an excellent chainsaw .
 Fantastic saw . Cuts through everything so far - some red oaks over 12 '' diameter . Easy to use and NO MAINTENANCE except for adding oil . Oil level window makes it very easy to monitor . I went to WalMart and bought a gallon of 30W Bar and Chain oil for $ 7.87 . Picked up a great tip from an earlier review -- buy two extension cords -- one short -LRB- 20 ' -RRB- and place that segment closest to the saw . The longer -LRB- 50-100ft -RRB- segment from the short cord to the plug . That way , if you accidentally cut the cord , you have n't ruined a 100 ' extension . Be sure to wear work gloves , eye protection and hearing protection . Also , as other reviews have mentioned , be sure the chain brake is pulled towards you otherwise the saw will not work .
 I purchased this saw to eliminate the gas/oil mixture . It 's only used in the yard so I did n't need the portability . A recent snow storm brought branches down and the day after I received the saw our power went out . The saw worked well when the power was back , the auto oiler is great and it cut through 6 '' logs with ease . Other than having to keep track of the cord , it cuts as well as a gas saw . Cleaned up a lot of branches creating two piles of firewood in a couple of hours . Great buy and keep the oil full!Poulan Pro 400E 18-Inch 4 HP Electric Chain Saw
 I have come to rely on Amazon for many reasons , one of which is theirReviews of products . This product more than lives up to its highrating . We have a big sycamore , damaged heavily with the recent freaksnowstorm in the NorthEast . I ordeded this saw based on reviews andhave not been disappointed . We had a lot of clearing to do and thissaw did the job easily . The only thing to remember is , do n't force it , do n't try to hurry it , let it do its work . And keep the oil lube resevoirfrom going dry , which is easy given that you can see the resevoir itself.And the electric aspect ? I prefer electric to gas for ease of use , simplicity , no mixing of anything ... Just plug in your heavy dutyelectric cord and go to work .
 Provided you 've got cable to reach , this does the job . I 've used it for a year ; not heavily , but for general yard work and I 've cut up two medium trees to the 12 '' thickness level , where it starts to struggle a bit . I have n't found it leaks too much oil , more than any other inexpensive chainsaw , and it does goes through it , but not excessively . Good purchase ; recommended .
 Finding an electric chainsaw was easy , but I needed it in 2 days to take advantage of a warm fall weekend ; only Amazon could ship that fast , and at a better price than any other vendor.I selected this model based on Consumer Reports ratings ; it is good ; very good ; but after a few hours of work , heavy work , it became unusable due to a design flaw
 Excellent , great power and easy to use . It cut around a 32 inch tree stump in a few minutes with no problems , highly recommend this chainsaw .
 Very powerful and easy to handle . Cost was well worth it . Very well built , with great features . Delivery was in a few days .
 Bought and in 2 weeks needed it , a tree fell . Worked great and stayed sharp . Did not have to adjust chain . Glad I bought it , trashed the old gas saw that was too hard to crank . Highly recommed it .
 I was very pleased with the operation of this chain saw.It quickly cuts through thick tree limbs . So far it has done the cutting jobs that I come up with on my property . Amazon delivered fast and post paid .
 I used it to cut 3 trees over 30 feet tall , and then cut the trunk in smaller pieces . It 's very powerful .
 This saw is excellent . The automatic oiler is especially convenient . I have cut trees up to 12 '' in diameter with ease . This saw has met my every expextation for a home user .
 This electric chain saw has worked great for me . It 's the only chain saw I 've ever owned , so I have nothing to compare it to , but its cuts cleanly , feels balanced , and has good safety features . I 'm fully satisfied .
 This saw is perfect for my needs ... 18 '' blade with hefty motor for electric saw . I use it for cutting up downed limbs from old silver maple trees , and it works perfectly . The price was very good and the saw has worked great !
 I really like this saw , even if I do drag a lot of cord . It take some time to learn how to tension the chain correctly and I find I have to adjust it fairly often . Still , I 'm happy and still have my fingers and toes .
 Works well but limited in range to a 75 foot heavy duty power cord . I use a 100 foot cord with caution .
 1 . Shipment was fast , and arrived in excellent condition .2 . Saw was easy to ready for use -LRB- Poulan oil at hardware store $ 1.69 -RRB- 3 . Cut medium limbs and small logs with no effort .4 . Easy clean up of unit , but must drain oil for storage or will leak .5 . On the negative side , supplied with a CHEAP soft plastic blade protector -LRB- my pocket pen protector is a heavier grade of plastic ! -RRB-
 Count me in as another satisfied user of this chainsaw . I was leery about the power of an electric chainsaw but I was tired of the hard starting of a gas chainsaw . I could n't tell the difference in power between this chainsaw and a gas chainsaw and it starts with a flip of a switch . You could n't ask for a better product .
 i was VERY dubious of an electric ... but now i am a believer . this saw has been awesome . i have cut over a cord of black oak . . not a hitch gone wrong . . the chain still is sharp . not sure why but my gas saws i 'd have to sharpen the chain by now.the side says made by husquvarna ... and a husky electric goes for over 200 , so this poulon is a deal ... but amazon pricing is like watching abouncing ball fluctuating between 85 and 99 ... i got mine for 85 ... and if it ever gets there again i 'll buy a backup ... it is that good.i felled a 100 ' bull pine and it ws like butter . i felled three black oaks , with a diameter of about 30 inches each ... not a problem . i even took my little honda 200watt gen on the tractor and used it to power this saw just to see how it would go ... granted it was too little wattage on the generator and the saw only got to about 3/4 's of its ability , but i bucked up some oak and pine with little issue . a 3000 watt gen would have been better.i am really tough on my reviews and giving a 5 star is like me giving gold medals to a deserving person ... a rare event .
 Bought this late 2008 ... used it about 4 times . Nothing heavy ... yard work with no more than an hour of total use . Took it out today to cut a fallen branch , plugged it in , pulled the trigger ... silence . Absolutely nothing . Checked the extention cord ... moved to another outlet , etc. , so-forth and so-on . Another exception to the rave reviews I guess ... but it is over a year and a half old ... so Poulan probably wo n't want to hear my story . A waste of $ 80 + tax in the long run.UPDATE 8/3/2010
 Poulan is one of my least favorite brands , after buying a Poulan lawn tractor that is hard to maintain and with service centers distant and impractical . However , I figured how could Poulan screw up a simple electric saw , so I took a chance.That said , I found it to be a simple and lightweight tool that has worked well for cutting up an old corral fence and for trimming branches.I 'm no longer cutting down trees for firewood and my old Homelite gas saw was worn out and clogged up , so I wanted to try an electric chain saw just for trimming.There is no parts / schematic manual . If something goes wrong , the cost of repair and shipping probably exceeds the value , so buy this with the idea of using it until it quits and then throwing it away , unfortunately.As someone else warned , if you take it apart be careful . Mine stopped working so I opened it up.It 's fairly simple ; the pump that puts oil on the chain is a cute tiny plastic piston that gets pushed as it touches a plastic disc that turns with the chain sprocket and thus bumps the piston apparently squirting a tiny bit of oil with each revolution of the sprocket . Simple steady oiling.When the back lash safety bar gets tripped , the bar not only turns off the power ; it releases a powerful spring that securely tightens a metal band around the chain sprocket , quickly stopping the chain . I now realize that mine had been tripped , though I do n't remember any real backlash . I tried playing with the spring to re-set it , but the spring is surprisingly powerful and would be near impossible to replace if I removed it . So I mostly reassembled the saw and pushed the back stop bar all the way forward and the spring popped back into standby position and released the drive sprocket . It had not looked like that would work but it did . There is just enough allowable motion for the spring lever to snap back and forth . I put the rest of the saw back together and it worked fine.When using it with two 50 ' extension cords , one of them burned out . It was an older cord so no loss . Unless you have a really heavy extension cord , 100 ' seems about the maxim usable distance from an outlet.For light use it seems fine . For me the big benefit is that it has no carburetor to clog up while stored .
 I got this a little while ago . It worked well enough for me , -LRB- cut up some wood to fit into my wood stove -RRB- but this thing was pretty LOUD . I only had one major concern . This thing goes through the bar oil really quickly . I would check it often . But the price was nice and it did the job . Just good enough for 4 stars .
 Have to agree with the rest of the reviews here . Arrived in a few days , no gas mixing/storage , no starting problems and cut through 10 '' pressure treated timbers like butter!Obviously wo n't cut firewood out in the woods , but anything within a couple hundred feet of an outlet ... and your set ! Just bought a really nice 100 ' 12 ga. cord -LRB- at Costco -RRB- for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . Enjoy your freedom from fossil fuel ! Robert
 I ALREADY HAD A POULAN 16 '' ELECTRIC CHAINSAW AND IT HELPED ME CLEAR MY YARD OF 12 DOWNED TREES AFTER KATRINA . HAD TO SHARPEN THE CHAIN QUITE A FEW TIMES AS THESE WERE LARGE TREES . i AM 73 AND AM ABLE TO USE THIS 18 '' POULAN WITH EASE . IT HAS A LOT OF POWER AND A SMOOTH CUT . I RECOMMEND IT HIGHLY . I SURE HOPE I DO N'T HAVE TO USE IT THIS HURRICANE SEASON . I LIVE ON THE COAST OF MOBILE COUNTY ALABAMA . Y' ALL PRAY FOR US .
 My only complaint with this is that it seems to lose the signal for the outside temperature frequently . Other than that , I think it works very well.Worth noting
 I bought two versions , one with weather forecast and the other just temp . Both work fine and were easy to install . The only fault I see is they can not be hung on a wall , my preference , but must sit on a table top . Other that that there work fine
 I really like this clock , it has all the info . I could ask for but I only wish that it had a backlight so , I could see it what time it is at night or early in the morning.Thanks .
 For a small weather station , it has a lot of information to give . My family is constantly checking this unit before leaving the house to determine what to wear , and how the weather will be changing . We love it . I bought two additional units for both of my sisters .
 Oregon Scientific BAR888NA Cable Free Weather Forecaster with ExactSet Clock and Indoor/Outdoor ThermometerThe indoor and outdoor temperature works great . The barometer picture is not accurate , at times . Customer service does n't seem too anxious to help with questions . If you call the 800 number they do call back , but if you are not home they leave a message that is n't a toll free number , for call back . I 'm not going to play phone tag , so I still have questions , about the operation , of the unit , that are not answered in the paperwork .
 This atomic clock keeps great time was able to make contact with the atomic clock in denver keepsaccurate time.Provides time , weather info , tempertures inside & outside.One look at this clock you willknow what kind of weather to expect .
 Bought on impulse to maybe give as a gift but decided to keep it when I saw how cute it was . The size is just right -LRB- one that I already have is bigger -RRB- but the display is still large and clear enough without taking up much space . All the details are displayed so you can get a quick read of time -LRB- atomic so no need to adjust -RRB- , day , date , weather trend , in and out temps and barometric pressure -LRB- rising or dropping -RRB- and moon phase . And the price was right too -LRB- bought on sale -RRB-
 Easy to set up initially . Buttons are n't marked very clearly and small . Generally do n't need them after setup except to check daily hi and low temps . Major drawback is the outdoor sensor is about 3 degrees -LRB- F -RRB- too high . Comparing to several other thermometers it was consistently higher . They need better QC on these at the factory .
 Have used these shears for several months , and the are smooth and easy to use . Have a handy hole at the tip for hanging on the wall when not in use .
 This is really cool . We use it to monitor the temperatures in our basement level bedrooms since our thermostat is on the main level and there is a few degrees difference . It is packaged to monitor two rooms but has the capability to do three .
 This product works just like it should . I have n't had any problems with it , or with the setup . Good product in my mind . Does what it says and does n't give me any hassle .
 I was VERY satisfied with the product and the cost savings were great !
 I wanted a wireless thermometer AND an ` atomic ' -LRB- auto set -RRB- clock , but some of the reviews of this product were terrible . At the price , I bought two just to make sure I got one that worked . Surprise ! Both worked perfectly ... even at a range of over 150 ' and through walls ! I 'll buy Oregon anytime I can in the future .
 This is a nice indoor-outdoor thermometer with easy-to-read displays . The ` one small nuisance ' is that one must toggle between indoor and outdoor temperature readings . Other Oregon Scientific models allow display of both temperatures at once .
 We have tried many of the Oregon Scientific thermometers and this is our favorite . Yes , if you use it with the included outdoor `` Thermo '' sensor , it shows temp and not humidity . But , if you get one of Oregon 's `` Thermo-Hydro '' sensors , the unit shows both temp and humidity.We are in Northern CA , and thus have weak WWVB -LRB- the ` atomic clock ' transmitter in Colorado -RRB- reception . As a result , the unit syncs the time quite well at the eastern end of the house , but not so well at the western end , with all the house between it and the transmitter.While the button layout could be improved , we leave the unit showing outdoor temp and humidity plus the date and time and do n't use the buttons very frequently .
 I love the size of this little unit . It sits on my counter and is n't in the way at all . Very accurate with the temperature as well . If this one `` dies '' on me , I 'll definitely purchase another one the same .
 Received as a gift and love using it ! I have the sensor right outside so it transmits really well . Very helpful now that it is summer time . Easy to give a weather/humidity report to the fam !
 works pretty well . I was hoping to mount it on the wall , but the battery compartment is also the pedestal behind it and there 's not much you can do about that . It was meant to sit on a counter somewhere . I got 2 of these , one in the house , one in the garage . I tried to have them both use the same external sensor , but they do n't seem to like sharing , so each external sensor can only send data to one console at a time .
 I do n't know how I lived without it so long . It gives precision reading of humidity and temperature when I work out . Before I work out I read the display so I know how hard I have to work out to get my heart rate up . I am a stationary cyclist . 14500 + miles over 6.625 years and take it from a man who knows his stuff . As I work out the humidity increases . GET IT NOW , IT 'S AWESOME !!!
 The display is clearer than I thought , even from different angles . The only thing I did n't like is that the provided sensor just reads temperature and not humidity . The humidity reading on the clock will stay as dashes . You have to buy a separate sensor for humidity.Still this product is really good , and easy to adjust/install .
 I love the size of this firepit . It is large enough for several adults to sit around . we are weekend campers so the fact that it is portable is great . It is light weight but durable .
 This is exactly as represented . It is lightweight and sturdy , without a lot of decoration or detail . It is better to cover it or put it away when it rains or snows . The large size accommodates larger pieces of wood and allows the fire to burn down nicely to ashes . The carrying pouch could be sturdier , the shipping was reliable and timely .
 Just received four of these covers . I was concerned that they might be too tight as the size of our chairs was exactly the size of the covers . But , the covers are very generous and fit the chairs perfectly . And , the color is so neutral that they blend in with our patio . If they hold up , which I think they will as they appear to be very well made , this is the best value on the market . No issues with the seams either . Hope they are as good as they seem .
 I am so glad I have these . I purchased others that tied around the legs , but am glad I returned them for these . The covers stay on the chairs with wind . I thought they might fly off with only having velcro on one corner to wrap around a leg , but am pleasantly surprised . Also , water does not collect on them .
 I really like these chair covers . I bought two of them through Amazon . They cover the chairs completely and protect them for rain and sunshine .
 These covers are nice quality for $ 15 each -LRB- what I paid a year ago -RRB- . One of them ripped because I was lazy and pulled it hard to get it off without releasing the velcro -LRB- which works to hold it on in the wind -RRB- . I will buy another to replace the ripped one . You ca n't beat the price .
 Very good quality -- extremely pleased . This product should last a lot longer out in the sun than previously bought products .
 well made , strong , looks like someone cares about the furniture . using it in the common area of my rental units . went back for more , after seeing the actual product .
 I was looking for inexpensive patio chair covers that were a nuetral color and not made of cheap vinyl , these fit the bill and they look great on my deck . They were on backorder and I am glad I waited for them . In fact my mom likes them so much she is going to purchase them , too . Not sure how well they will hold up and how good they will look after a a few summers and winters , but it was worth the investment to protect my chair cushions . Now I can stop pulling them in and out of the garage and leave on the deck where they belong .
 These covers are great and large enough to cover my wicker chairs . I even put a small end table under one along with the chair . The only complaint is that they are n't waterproof . I had left cushions on the chairs before covering them thinking they were waterpfoof but the rain proved me wrong . Now I just bring the cushions in and after it rains I remove the covers to dry the chairs . I would probably have to say they are water repellant at best .
 Love the Hearth & Garden patio chair covers we got . Very good quality material and workmanship . Just hope my dog does n't chew them up !
 This cover is well made from material that is heavy enough to stay in place on a windy day and to withstand mild abrasion -- it is an excellent value . The dimensions given in the description do n't indicate which are length , width or height , for info they are 33L -LRB- front to back -RRB- , 28W , and 33H .
 Of course , time will need to tell the long term durability , but the material and workmanship appear excellant . I have similar covers that have stood up well for years . Its a little stiff , and only straps around one front and one back chair leg , but this appears to be adequate after some pretty stormy weather so far .
 I originally bought one to test it out and see if it would work well . I liked it enough , so I ordered three more . It keeps the chairs dry and all the dust off . They are easy to put on and off .
 We were very happy with these patio covers . They fit well and were very well made with heavy material . Price was reasonable too .
 The covers are working great in the snow . Product is doing what it 's supposed to do , just wished it had been in green .
 Hearth & Garden Patio Chair CoverGood durable fabric with weighted fringe that does n't blow off in a high wind . Keeps chairs clean and dry . Good value for the price .
 The chair covers work . I have n't had them long enough to see how they survive the freezing winter temperatures . The velcro `` ties '' are only on the front left and right rear of the chair , but they have stayed on so far . I stacked 2 chairs under each cover , but the velcro was only large enough to go around the legs of one chair .
 Good price , excellent quality . We have had a lot of rain this year and last . No mold or mildew and tough material . This will withstand our winter I am sure . Easy to clean . Covers my larger Mallin outdoor glider chair perfectly . Dimensions given by all the Hearth and Garden products I have bought are always `` right on '' . Good quality products
 Tough material . Well made . Looks neat and fits chair nicely . The only negative that I have noticed is that the velcro fasteners are rather awkwardly placed and difficult to locate under the chair .
 This chair covers are fantastic and definitely worth the price . They provide amble coverage and keep the elements off our new chairs
 I bought 6 of these chair covers 2 full years ago . I live in the East Bay area of San Francisco so there is no snow . However , the sun beats on it most days and since I live in the city center there is light black soot falling from the trees . These covers have protected my cushions 100 % , no cracks , no fading , no mildew on the covers or the cushions . I hose down the black soot now and again and they dry fast . I am 100 % very happy with these . I highly recommend them .
 Purchased these covers and they are A + + + quality and fit my furniture well ! These are for sure a great buy !!
 I can not really review this as a cover for chair , I used it to covermy outdoor fountain . This worked out absolutely great . My fountain is an odd shape , big and round on the bottom so this covered it from head to toe . It is strong material and with the tie on the bottom I pulled it together and it fits very secure . I am ready for the Minnesota winter !! I recommed it highly , probably for most of you ... chair use !!
 The chair covers are very nice construction and the fabric is quite sturdy . They do a great job of protecting my chairs from the weather and the birds . They withstood the heavy winds and rain of Hurricane Irene that hit our area this past weekend . The only criticism I have is the tie down system - which is a velcro closure around a leg . The velcro did not hold for me so took other precautions to prevent wind damage . I would recommend this product .
 Hearth & Garden Patio Chair CoverHeavy duty , extremely well made and perfect fit .
 These chair covers are waterproof , seem to be durable enough to last for years and are a great value . They fit snugly over my large wicker lounge chairs and loosely over my outdoor dining chairs . Before buying them I was scared that for the price they would n't be of good quality , but I could n't be more pleased .
 these covers are heavy duty , much more than i expected . . do n't think the ones at walmart are the same , there not . . these covers fit good and look like they will last a long time.even in vegas !! i bought covers for every peice of our new better homes and garden outdoor furniture , we bought almost every peice of the lake island set .
 I have been very happy with this chair cover . Has held up well , keeps my chair from undue weathering in cold , wet weather , and cats love to pop under it for a nice cozy nap !
 I ordered three covers online , which means I did not see them before ordering . They are perfect . Right now they are protecting my bacony chairs and are covered with snow ... . A great buy .
 Bought this to replace my patio chair cover that had fallen apart from several years of use . This one is just as nice . It 's heavy weigt and good value . I highly recommend this cover.Tapmom
 These covers are heavy and stand up to high winds as well as looking much better than the old green plastic ones I had . I am quite pleased with them and the price was great .
 I was worried these would be flimsy , butthey are working out well and they cover thewhole chair .
 This cover arrived quickly and the quality is very good . Must leave my patio furniture outside in winter and northern Michigan gets really cold and snowy . So spring will tell the real story ! I 'll review it again then , but it sure seems to fit the bill .
 very durable and hardy . Fits market umbrella snugly -LRB- which is good -RRB- and is an attractive khaki color .
 This is a very good quality cover for the money . Heavy duty zipper and a snug fit .
 I waited to review this cover to see how it would hold up . I 've had it for three years , and it looks like the day I received it , except for some birds contributions . My umbrella also looks great . This cover certainly does the job .
 We are extermely pleased with the umbrella cover and all the covers we purchased for the outdoor furniture . Quality is excellent .
 great umbrella cover for the price , fit is snug and easy to remove.Only complain is the string in the bottom could have been a tan color also to match the cover instead of black . But overall very happy with the product .
 I needed to replace a square magnetic sign duo as the square magnetic replacements are no longer available and I like to have my address on them in front of my home . The new magnetic sign inserts do not seem to adhere as tightly as my old one and the metal sign/post is not as heavy or well made as my old one .
 Nice product and idea . Sturdy built . Easy to add attachments . Good size . I recommend it . I am yet to see how it holds up with time . But seems to be sturdy .
 Checked around and this was the better price for me . Neighbor liked it and got one too.Price is good .
 this sign is top quality and durable . There is a small hole in the top ot the sign to hang with a nail or sqrew
 We bought a pair of conversation chairs with ottomans , and I could n't find the right covers for them , so I decided to try the chaise covers . They work great and seem to be a nice heavy weight . And the price was much better than buying two chair covers and two ottoman covers would have been .
 Seems very durable . It stays on even with very high winds . So far , it protected the lounge chair very well
 I ordered two of these to keep my padded patio chaises from being water logged all the time . California weather cooperated by giving us a July rain for two days , which tested the new covers . They did the job very well .
 I have only had these chaise lounge covers for a couple of weeks or so but it has rained on some days and the sun has shined -LRB- in the 76 plus deg -RRB- and the covers are holding up well . They are on the heavy side , which I like . It sure beats storing my chaise lounge pads like I did in the past , yr in and yr out .
 These are the perfect covers for my Strathwood Chaise Lounges ! They fit nicely because of the elastic around the edges . They are made of a very thick material and look expensive . Also , saved me a lot of headache of having to move the chaises inside when the heavy rains came . The covers withstood a downpour with no problem .
 Product is great and does exactly what its purported to do . I just wish it had come in green .
 I purchased this cover for a patio lounge chair . The quality is excellent and covered the chair . I also purchased the covers for a stack of outdoor chairs . The covers are sturdy with a handy tie at the bottom to provide a secure fit . I receommend this product for outdoor furniture . Product was delivered in a few days .
 Fits wicker and metal furniture beautifully . Vented so it does n't smell so bad when covers are removed . Great product at a great price . I Bought two extra for future needs .
 The material appears to be very sturdy . could use straps to put under legs but so far , even in very windy conditions , they are staying on .
 so far so good . no signs of wear or depreciation . Has had some hot sun and some heavy rain .
 Need some chair covers that would hold up during the winter . Got to hand it to this company , especially after we had a worst winter in decades . Over 75 inches of snow ... they held up nicely . Just put it away for the spring/summer and did not see any damage to it .
 I believe these covers are a good value . Bought two @ $ 24.95 each & got free shipping . Delivery was a lot faster than I was quoted . We 'll see how they hold up over the winter rains and summer sun , but I 'm confident that performance will be more than adequate . Generously sized , they have looks that just kind of blend in to the scene and for me that 's a good thing . You could certainly pay a lot more and receive a lot less . I will buy additional covers like this if I have the need in the future - from AMAZON dot com - my favorite on-line store !
 Good solid thick cover . Survived 2 years now on a sunblasted deck at 8600 feet through rain and snow -LRB- and snow shovels -RRB- and high UV , and looks as good as it did when we first put it on the lounge chair . No cracks , no fading to speak of , still pliable . Would definitely buy again - though I would guess I wo n't have to for another 5 years .
 Purchased these covers and they are A + + + quality and fit my furniture well ! These are for sure a great buy !!
 great table cover well made just wish I would have bought it a long time ago shipped fast had it for over a year and still looks new will be buying a few for the chairs .
 I am so glad I purchased this item . The elastic is tight enough that the wind does n't turn it into a sail , but still easy to take off/put on . My table stays clean until I 'm ready to use it .
 I purchased the cover to protect our patio table from the outdoor elements and our gardener 's blower . When it came to the weekends , our table would be filthy with a layer of dirt and grime . Usually from our gardener blowing the patio . However , it would take us 10-15 minutes every weekend to clean off the table to use.I purchased the cover and it works was expected . The layer of dirt and grime is now on the cover and NOT on the table . Using the table on the weekends is much easier .
 Item can in time allotted.Item described well , fits perfectly on my table.It 's covered and now well protected till spring !
 I just purchased this last month , so that I could cover my glass patio table for the winter . So far , I 'm pleased with it . We have had some very windy days , and the cover did not shift at all . The only downside to this cover is that it hangs in the middle , so I actually hand-sewed some velcro strips to each of the long sides , and attached them underneath the table , and this made the fit a lot tighter -LRB- and perhaps that is why it has not blown off in the wind -RRB- . The material is heavy , so am pleased with that . It should stand up to the sun shining on it without breaking down .
 The table and chair set cover is exactly what I was looking for . It is well made , sturdy and does the job . I have bought other covers before and this one surpasses by far in quality . I definitely recommend it !
 I purchased this cover for my outdoor table & chair set about a month ago . It was much heavier-duty than the plastic one that came with the set . It is almost like tent material , like a canvas . I tied it down to the set & it has n't blown away . I had a heavy snow last night and it is holding up rather well . Nothing bad to say .
 These patio furniture covers are absolutely the best value we 've found . They 're substantial in both material and cut , and we expect them to work very well over the winter in our cold , windy northern climate . The bungee-style cord at the bottom is a practical touch . We like the color , too -- neutral light brown rather than the sickly green of so many alternatives , which looks nasty on a snow-covered deck during the dark months .
 this is at least equal to the quality of the cover I purchased a few years ago -- but this one is at least half the price ! Price is important these days !
 Very good quality material . fits well and can be tied to the chair legs to prevent from flying away . i am very happy with this product
 I purchased this after reading others ' comments . Our patio set includes large , tall , padded chairs . We have struggled to find a way to cover them . This is PERFECT ! Not only does it fit , it is attractive . And the price was less than half that of others we had looked at .
 **** edited review to add that this only held up through one winter . It basically only lasted a year before both of the ones I ordered became brittle and ripped . Off to find a new one . I wish I could update my star rating , I would lower to three stars because of this :-LRB- . For the price this ca n't be beat ! I have a 4 foot diameter round table with fairly large chairs , this fits perfectly . So far it has kept the rain off of my table/chairs . It is vented , which is nice , and does not have a hole in the middle for an umbrella -LRB- which is what I was looking for -RRB- . I believe the material is water resistant , not water proof , though . I wish it was !! It is relatively lightweight so it is easy to take on and off , has ties on the bottom so it can be tied down to your chairs so it wo n't blow away , and nice vents all around to stop mold.All in all a great product , especially for the price ! I have a second one on order for another outdoor set !
 A quality product . Comparable in quality to higher priced covers but is reasonably priced . A perfect fit to enclose our round patio table with 4 chairs at 80 '' diameter . It has vents on the sides to prevent mildew and ties on the bottom to be tied to the leg of each chairs to prevent strong wind from blowing off the cover . I 'm very satisfied and I highly recommend it .
 This table cover really measures up as a quality product . I had checked around in our local stores and the prices I was finding were around $ 50 . I checked Amazon , the price was better and with free shipping I decided to try this one . I am so glad I did . This is a heavy duty cover , best that I have seen . It fits our table and chairs perfectly . The dimensions are correct in the product description . I will buy this brand again without question if I ever need to replace it .
 It is a nice looking canope , appears sturdy but I was surprized to see that it was not waterproof . When it rains the water goes through to the furniture .
 We have a taller patio set that makes it difficult to find a cover . This one was no different , however the sides do hang lower than the seat and protect the swivel hardware . To keep it secure there are four ties that allow you to secure the cover to the table . The physical quality is very good and it has a feel somewhere between canvas and vinyl . From my initial exposure to this product I would rate it a good value .
 Got the cover for my new patio set . It fits perfect for a 54 '' table and 4 chairs . I can tie the cover to the table if it gets windy . Nice neutral color but it might show dirt after the rain . The material is almost water proof but if you let the water sits on it for a long time , it might get through to the furniture .
 The cover for patio table and chairs is just what I was looking for . Good quality , correct sizing and reasonable price . Very satisfied . Glad my outdoor furniture is being protected and wo n't need heavy cleaning when the weather is warm again .
 This cover fit our 48 '' patio table/dining set easily and perfectly . It has ties that help keep it in place when the weather gets windy . The color was subtle and is not an eyesore in our backyard .
 Heath and Garden have very good products . Quality materials and well made and good prices . I own kettle covers , chair covers , table cover , and umbrella cover
 big enough to cover a 4 chair and square glass top table set . It does n't cover all the way to the ground , but for the price , it covers just enough !
 Fits perfectly over a round table with 4 chairs . Very good quality , easy to put on and secure and very easy to take off . Highly recommend ... you definitely ca n't go wrong with purchasing this cover !
 This cover really is very nice . Came packaged very well . Nice and heavy material . Looks like a quality piece , feels like a quality piece , and in fact is a quality piece . I had the same one before , and it lasted three years . Slowly it became more brittle , less supple . In my part of the country , the mountains of WV , we get heavy snow and wind during winter . It takes a beating . It is made of man made cloth material not titanium . Obviously it 's going to wear out . I just bought my second one , I liked the first one so much.So for thirty seven bucks I figure it is a good deal . Figure 12 bucks a year , and the darn thing really does protect your table . Very well .
 This patio cover fits nicely and it seems durable . So far , it has held up to ice and snow .
 the material of this cover is very sturdy and like the air vents to ensure no moisture gets trapped .
 This cover is heavy duty and works well to keep the rain off my bistro set - bar height table and two chairs .
 Working great in the snow . Wished it came in green -LRB- or if it does ... I wish I had ordered it in green -RRB- .
 Probably not able to cover a table and chair as wide as advertized , hence the cloth does not cover down to the legs of the chairs , allowing moisture to sip under during the night . Otherwise , very durable material .
 Product is sturdy . Contains ties on the bottom which I fastened to my chairs . The ties , along with the mesh inserts , have defeated even 50mph wind gusts.Installed in the late 2008 . Will update after the season . So far I would recommend .
 This product is a thick , heavy canvas cover which was a great deal for the price . It also came in a timely manner , very pleased and will order again . KH
 I have n't used this all that long , but the quality out of the package was excellent and it seems very high quality and stays on the table in high wind . Even after violent storms , it stays on . It looks great still after a month or two , I have high hopes .
 I love the vents on the side . This is a great quality product . This was shipped right away . Just as described in the add .
 Love the table cover . just the right size and I like the tie downs and the mesh insert to allow for wind .
 When I received it I was very happy with the quality of the cover . It 's not cheap looking or lightweight . It fit perfect over my patio table and 4 chairs which are big .
 Our deck table and chairs were getting covered with leaves and muck after heavy winds and rain , so we ordered this cover . I power washed the table and chairs , let them dry and threw the cover on . It works like a champ . My only suggestion would be to prop up the center with something higher than the tops of your chairs . Otherwise , gravity will cause rain and leaves to pool . I used an inverted desk trash can and it does the trick .
 Multipurpose tool for the grill . Love the fact that there is a bottle opener , tenderizer and grill spatula . Good product , good quality
 My old brush fell apart , the bristles just came right off . This a great brush . Has n't fallen apart yet . Highly recommended for the price .
 These do what they are meant to do . These help in high drift situations where your snow blower might usually just cut under a large drift . These help knock down the drift above the blower . Extremely easy to install , four carriage type bolts with nuts and lock washers . the only thing I would have preferred is if they were just nylock nuts instead of having a lock washer with it .
 Rate 4 given because I have not been able to use them so far this year.Like the weight and mounting.Anyone that lives with big snow falls .
 this is a great product . thanks for the operturnity to do business with you . will look forward to the next time .
 This makes the MTD pro look more professional and balances out the design . I am the first on my block to have these installed . Let it snow 3 ft or more ... I am ready . When you store the snowblower , the drift cutters should be protected . Just take some plastic pop bottles and cut off the openings and fit them over the end of the cutters.The shipping from amazon.com was very impressive . Good tracking information .
 I purchased this kit for my Troy Bilt snow blower . I checked the Troy Bilt website and their set had the same exact item number -LRB- 390-679 -RRB- but Amazon 's price was almost half of what Troy Bilt charges . The cutters bolted in with no problem .
 Item came as described brand new condition . Cuts down drift edge so snow stays off engine . I could have bought angle iron and stove bolts and nuts for a lot less . I paid more to have powder coated cutting blades . Even if I paid more now . I feel in the long run it will pay off by not having to replace rusting out angle iron every few years . And no sharp edges to worry about .
 I got these hoping that they would fit the Craftsman blower head I bought for a convertion to my 4 wheeler . Happily these are pretty much universal in fit . They have three square holes for mounting to allow them to fit most any blower , big or small . As good a quality as you 'll find . I 'd recomend these to anyone .
 This is a great attachment for your snow blower . When going through snow higher than your auger height or cutting back a high drift , these bars break the snow so it will feed into the auger . Before the kit was installed , I have had times when the snow fell onto the motor and stalled it out . The price of the kit is good and installation was very easy -LRB- 10 mins . at the most -RRB- . All parts fit the blower perfectly .
 A few dollars less on Amazon for the same item . Cut through the deep snow like is should . good value .
 The cutter blades do an excellent job on snow drifts that are higher than the height of the snow blower , plus you ca n't beat the price . Sears charges over $ 70 with shipping .
 My husband used to come in , after snowblowning , looking like a snowman . Now he 's high and dry with this snow cab . It was easy to put together and attach . What a great product .
 I bought this for my husband for a birthday gift.He loves it.He says it works wonderful and was very easy to install.Was not hard at all like some reviews said.It took all of 20 minutes.Hope this is helpful .
 This is the best cab I have installed , also my third . The frame went together as designed , and the cab fit very well . The velcro fasteners hold the cab snug yet allow for adjustment . This cab was designed for MTD , even tho it says universal , and it actually works . I did put it on now when it was warm , that helps . The fastening to the handles is serrated to give better grip to the tubes and I like the way the lower support is dished in to give the upright supports a firm seat . I mounted mine just below the control panel , it sits a bit low for a tall person , but it could be mounted above the panel -LRB- I think -RRB- , for a tall person . Watch the overhead door if you do . From experience I taped the joints with electrical tape and replaced the two clamps securing the bottom supports with four smaller clamps . I think it is going to work well , it fits and it is sturdy .
 Installation instructions pretty simple and clear . In actual practice , I drilled a few extra holes and put in some extra sheet metal screws to better fasten everything together . When you are outside in the wind , this cab is very much worth having . Keeps the wind off you , and prevents the snow from blowing back in your face . I definitely like it .
 BEST PURCHASE THAT I HAVE MADE IN A LONG TIME , THIS PRODUCT WAS VERY EASY TO INSTALL AND MADE OF DURABLE MATERIAL , THIS PRODUCT IS JUST WHAT THEY ADVERTISED IT TO BE . WHILE USING THIS PRODUCT , YOU DO N'T GET THE SNOW IN YOU FACE OR CLOTHING , YOU STAY WARMER AND ARE ABLE TO COMPLETE THE JOB FASTER . I WOULD RECOMMNED THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE THAT USES A SNOWBLOWER TO REMOVE SNOW
 This snow cab was fairly easy to assemble . Did not like the front clamps . Ireplaced them with hose clamps . The hose clamps were much more secure . Goodprice for this item . No snow in NJ since I received it . Dont know how muchprotection it will offer , and hope I wo n't get the chance to find out
 I consider a snowcab a must . This is a replacement cab for another that is 10 years old and tearing in spots . Installation took about 2 hours -LRB- I have an Ariens 1032 -RRB- . Not a fan of the set screws that anchor joints but they will probably work okay . I had to move the plug for the electric start and repositioned the headlight to the front crossbar -LRB- otherwise the headlight would have been inside the cab causing a reflection off the plastic windshield -RRB- . Cab top is slightly lower than the old model but should be okay -- I 'm 5 ' 10 . A taller person might have an issue by the time you get your winter gear on . Like I said , I think the cab is a must and I am pleased with how well the installation occurred . Recommend though doing it in the warmer fall weather . Do n't wait until just before first snow flies or your fingers will get cold with the assembly .
 Easy to put together . Not sure about assembly to the actual snowblower . Thankfully we have had an exceptional winter and have not used the snowblower but once . Husband will assembly when needed .
 The mat is true to size and very attractive looking . It trapped dirt well . Any busy entry ways should have one .
 This is a great pool . Comes with everything you need . Assembly is quick , but make sure the ground area is level . Handles my teenage kids and family adults as well . Easy to take down for the winter.This metal pole pool is better if you want deeper water than the blow up ring style . Fills to about 46 '' compared to 42 '' with the blow up ring style pool and seems a little more durable .
 I was very skeptical when I first received the box that it would only take 1 hour to complete . However I must say that it was surprisingly easy to set up . It took my 60 yr old father in law and myself a 38 yr old male with a little help from my wife and 7 yr old son about 1:15 minutes to have the pool standing . The pool is wonderful and we have enjoyed tremendously.One word of warning the pool requires quite a bit of maintenance in the matter of cleaning and keeping with the filter . Although the tape advises you to run the filter for 5-6 hours you are better off running it 10-12 hours . It is also advisable to buy at least one more filter to change on weekly basis .
 This pool is as large as a regular size pool . Of course it will need a lot of maintenece because it is so large . Its just like having a above ground pool . Of course it needs to be level , but you really dont need sand . We used the rotertiller to soften up the ground and let it settle a bit first . Price wise yes , Walmart is cheaper but you have to order online and pay shipping . I beleive Meijer 's has it cheaper in there stores -LRB- no Shiping costs then ! -RRB- -LRB- both Walmart And Meijer include pool sprayer and vollyball set -RRB- It 's big enough for pool parties , and family swims . Anything this large will take some time to assemble , if you want it to be right ! Enjoy a bunch of summer fun . P.S. this is my 2cnd intex pool we went up in size because we were so satisfied !!!! Highly recommended !!!!
 This is a fantastic pool for the money . The best deal yet ! We are really enjoying it . It came with everything ! We bought ours at Walmart , cheap . You ca n't go wrong . Easy set up . Just took a while to fill , but this thing is huge !!!
 this pool is very deep.you have to level it or all the water will spill out.it is a great way to teach children how to swim.the filter should be washed almost everyday.the filter is kind of slow but its manageable .
 We purchased this pool last summer . It was extremely easy to set up and take down . The filter could be a little stronger but it was manageable . I ran the filter continuously because I have large trees overhead . The filter cartridge was easily cleaned with just a garden hose . It was great summer fun for my 8 year old and for grownups . We got tons of enjoyment out of it . Well worth the money !!
 Before purchasing this pool I searched online and read all the reviews I could . I do n't want to repeat what everyone else says but the pool does need to be level . After putting the pool up , -LRB- which is extremely easy -RRB- and starting to fill with water I noticed I had ten inches of water on one end and about a foot and half on the other . Like most of the other people I did n't listen . After taking the pool down and moving it then renting a bobcat to level the yard I was now able to reset the pool and fill with water . The only problem I have now is the filter and pump , it seems way to small for the pool . It does not clean at all . So I went to pinch a penny , purchased a pump and filter for about $ 350.00 . Now with the price of the pool , bobcat rental , new pump and filter , I have about $ 1,000.00 invested in what I thought would be a pool my kids that would cost me less than $ 500.00 . As some one else said , live and learn . All in all , the kids enjoy it , and that is all that matters .
 We started off with a knock off to the Intex ring pool from Sams that busted within 24 hours -LRB- lucky for us we got our money back -RRB- We bought the Intex Metal Frame pool and love it ! Have had just 1 slight problem but the factory is getting us taken care of -LRB- the hose leaks that attaches to the filter -RRB- Trying to level the ground was the hardest part . Once that was done , putting it up was a breeze . I highly recommend this pool ! The only problem now is that it is almost the end of the season and we ca n't find the filters for it . If you buy this pool , make sure to buy plenty of filters ahead of time ! &#60; br / &#62;
 Great product ! Went up quickly and easily , as advertised . BUT - be sure to do a google search for `` level ground easy set pool '' BEFORE you assemble it . You 'll find lots of time-saving methods for leveling your ground so you wo n't end up disassembling and re-assembling the pool like we did . Also - if you have a dog that goes crazy when people are in the pool , I would highly recommend putting the dog away or NOT getting one of these pools -LRB- or trick your dog with Invisible Fence flags like we did -RRB- . Although it 's heavy-gauge , the pool wall IS actually the liner and I 'm not sure how much repetitive nail-scratching it could handle.I think this pool is an incredible value for anyone who does n't mind the yearly assembly/disassembly . This is our first season with it , but even if it only lasts one year , it was more economical than a `` regular '' 18 ' round that would have cost a few thousand to buy and have assembled .
 I bought this pool 2 seasons ago and we are still really happy with it . All the people who say it is `` like an above ground pool '' ... It IS an above ground pool . The only difference is the framing and that it lacks the metal outer housing . You have to think of this as a full-fledged above ground pool that requires regular chemical treatment , cleaning , and maintenance.Don ' t put the chlorine tabs in the filter like they show on the video . They dissolve way too fast and you 'll go through much more than you need to . Get one of the floating chlorine tablet distributors and you 'll be much happier . PLUS -LRB- my huge mistake -RRB- you wo n't get the large area of bleached out liner right by the output hose . That made me want to cry . Intex sells replacement liners , but they 're more than I paid for the whole pool setup . -LRB- I bought on sale for 1/2 off -RRB- Another lesson learned would be to TAKE YOUR TIME SETTING UP . Even if you do n't think you need it , get several bags of leveling sand and MAKE SURE THE AREA IS LEVEL . TRUST me on this . When you 're halfway through your summer and have to drain , level it anyway , and spend another $ 200 on your water bill to refill it , you 'll be mad at yourself for not taking an extra couple of hours to do it right . If you do n't make sure your pool is level , you 'll have a leaning pool with an out of whack frame . You might even find the water levels so off that the filter intake is above water and unable to function properly , like we did . It 's a drag . Just take the time to do it right.The ladder is really not meant for a lifetime of use and wo n't meet most local codes anyway , so just plan on upgrading that asap . Ours was so rickety that it was unusable after 1 season . According to our local code it poses an entrapment danger because it 's open underneath , so we have to replace it with one that has the grates on the in-pool side that will prevent children from swimming under it in addition to a locking ladder over the entry stairs . Whatever , it 's just the cost of pool ownership . Get the right safety ladder for a couple hundred and chalk it up to doing the right thing.Which brings me back to the above ground pool issue again . It IS an above ground pool and you 're subject to your local codes regarding ladders , pump installation , and FENCES . Check and make sure your ducks are in a row.Aside from all the words to the wise , we love this pool . It 's solid , plenty big for a few adults and kids , and has been a joy to own and use.Enjoy !!!
 Got rid of the ring style pool -LRB- which I did not like , you can see my review on it -RRB- and bought the metal frame and loved it !! Had it up for 3 years before we moved and gave it to a friend . Absolutely the way to go if you want an inexpensive above ground pool . We got lucky with the one we bought as it came with the 2500 pump and it worked great . Now it seems that they are selling them with the 1500 which is no where near powerful enough to do the job it needs to do for a pool this size . Needless to say you now you have to spend an extra $ 100 or more for the larger pump . Come on Intex , you know better and if you want to keep business then include pumps equal to pool size . In my opinion the 1500 is only adequate for pools `` under '' 15 ' . This is why you get 4 stars rather than 5 !! All in all we had a blast swimming each summer and the pool/2500 pump help up wonderfully !
 This Pool set is awesome . It 's Soooo Big ! It can hold your entire family . Great for kids to learn to swim in . Great place to cool down on a hot summer day . Great place to even wash your dog .
 I saw the other two reviews and wanted to say that my research indicates that gypsum can be very useful , for example , where patches of lawn are damaged by pet urine and the soil needs to be neutralized . Gypsum can help where more calcium is needed but unlike lime it enriches the soil without raising Ph. So , just reserach what your soil needs first before buying . As to the price , Amazon is especially convenient when you just want something delivered to the door farily quickly , but if you really want to compare prices and are willing to telephone and drive to local places , just do that ! You could call local places first , then check and compare on Amazon . The other reviews are not really about this product itself .
 I love this organic gypsum . I use it to grow mushrooms in my garden and to prevent a host of other diseases in my vegetables . So far , I have a great yeild .
 Just keep in mind , this comes in hard pellets about 1/4 the size of a cooked pea . I did n't know this , and would not have purchased if I had known . I tried smashing them with a hammer in a baggy , but they would not break . However , the pellets have some kind of binding agent in them that dissolves when moistened . They dissolve decently , but mixing is definitely required or else you will have clumps that look and feel like clumps of grey clay . Overall , seems good , just keep in mind these are pellets .
 Pretty , reflects light and sparkles when hung in a sunny window . Makes a nice gift .
 purchased this to go under a 12 ' round pool and it was perfectly long . it is after all just a piece of tarp so wish it was a bit cheaper . it does help keep the ground -LRB- concrete -RRB- clear and ` organized ' looking . did need to tape down and put bricks around the edges to keep it from lifting on the corners . but then it survived a level 1 hurricane so i guess it is good !
 Puchased to use with our intex metal frame pool -LRB- 12x30 -RRB- . Definitely big enough ! We tied the excess up against the pool to prevent stagnant water/mosquito breeding . Durability at a great price .
 Thye ground cloth works well . Just the right size for the 16 foot round pool . Am able to secure it with plastic stakes .
 Its not a super heavy duty tarp but works great for what I needed . I have the pool set up on a concrete pad so I dont need a $ 50 tarp under the pool . If you are setting up on grass this probably would not be what you need . In the swim delivered this in two days from time of ordering . I would highly recommend purchasing through them .
 We needed a new ground cloth for our Easy Set pool . I was originally going to buy it from Intex directly but their shipping was very high . I checked on Amazon and it was free shipping and cost less . We could n't go wrong with that . It arrived and it is super easy yo set up and the kids are happy with their pool for the summer .
 We have a 15 ' round and it worked well ! We thought one came with the pool and so this would be extra ... turns out one didnt come with the pool and we had to go to homedepot and pay 45 dollars for another one ... Wish we would have bought two of these ... . heck even three !
 Works Great ... And is very durable . . But the only thing i dislike about it is it should of came with ancor pins . . Or Ground stakes ... Because if you have the 12ftx3fx3ft 3 in intex metal frame pool it leaves the 4 corners and sides vulnerable to the wind ... . you have to weight them down all the way around to keep it from rolling in on its self ...
 Needed a Poulan primer for a Craftsman gas line trimmer . Lowest price on the part and lowest cost on shipping too.Couldn ' t find the part locally . Sears is to $ $ $ for the part & then $ $ $ for shipping - handling .
 As a humane person I found this product to be the most remarkable trap . I knew I had a mouse in my garage but could n't catch him with other traps so I invested in this product . The next morning I woke up and there the little mouse was , safe and sound in the trap . He looked kinda fat because of all the peanut butter I was luring him with the other traps . It was a guilt free experience to bring him to a field and release him . After all he is not called a garage mouse he is called a field mouse . I reccomend this to all those who choose to safely trap and release . This trap is well made and does the trick .
 If you are using this to capture the common grey squirrel you should know that this trap is probably not big enough . I ended up purchasing the next size up -LRB- model # 1030 -RRB- which worked great - four stars . The box for this product -LRB- # 1025 -RRB- says `` For red and flying squirrels , weasels and chipmunks '' . That was n't clear to me when I bought it at the Amazon website .
 I bought this to try to trap a pet rat who was thought to have escaped in the basement . It was smaller than I 'd expected considering it 's supposed to be large enough for squirrels -LRB- though the box actually says RED squirrels , not gray squirrels , which is what I was assuming -RRB- . I tried it to see if it would work on one of my other pet rats before setting it for the escapee . It did work very well , and he luckily was n't hurt , but if his tail had n't been off to the side , it would have been whacked pretty good by the closing door . I 'd worry about injuring the tail of any animal rat sized or larger . If you 're looking to catch something that size , try the next size up for safety.I love Havahart traps and highly recommend them , just be sure to get the appropriate size .
 Caught 17 chipmunks and 3 other critters in about a three-four day period with this trap . It works .
 My husband was very excited to get this trap , the doors work efficiently and we caught about 15 chip munks in the first 36 hours of its use . Other models are inferior , and our local suplliers could n't come through for us .
 Placed trap in middle of rat scat trail and placed some containers along side cage to keep the rats from going around the cage . First catch in three hours . Second catch three days later . If you place it in their normal trail and make it inconvenient for them to get around you probably do n't have to bait the trap.I assume that you are buying the trap because you do n't want to kill the little critters or have a mess and/or smell to get rid of from a dead rat . If that is the case try one or more of the following : If you do n't check the trap regularly or remove them right away when caught and do n't want to kill them from dehydration place a little water in the top of an old margarine cup inside either end of the trap before you set it . You can refill it with a straw , if needed without tripping the doors . Just dip the straw in a glass of water and put your finger on one end and stick it in the cage above the lid and release your finger . Repeat as needed . You can also use an eye dropper but a straw is cheaper.If you do n't have time to move the rat for a day or two , open one door and stick the base of an old margarine tub in the open end . You can place a little food in there also . This gives the rat a place to hide and helps keep it calm while they are waiting to be released , not that they know what 's awaiting them ! Do n't forget to close the door with the latch back in place.Note
 I found this trap in my basement when my friend was telling me about her trap , so I decided to try it out . Well , 10 years in a basement that has been flooded numerous times and it is not rusty and still works perfectly ! So far I have caught a mouse , a chipmunk , and 2 squirrels . -LRB- It is n't too small for squirrels -RRB- Any bait will work , whether its plain peanut butter , a PB cracker , or an apple with peanut butter and raisins . It is metal on the top so rain wo n't damage the bait . It is very sensitive which is good . I caught a mouse that only weighed a few ounces and it still shut tight . In short , this is a very good trap for squirrels and other small yard pests .
 I bought these to trap rats , but stopped using them it I accidentally trapped a bird ! The bird was fine by the way . I ca n't verify that it actually would catch a rat , but if it 's birds you 're after ...
 I used this trap to trap a small red squirrel that was loose in my garage . Put a few peanuts toward the back of the trap and checked about an hour late and found my little trapped squirrel . Easy to set up and easy to release the trapped animal .
 It works like a charm . Make sure you are around when you set it because the squirrel will do its best to get out and you do n't want it suffering .
 Overall the trap is easy to understand but the trigger mechanism can be a bit touchy . I did get the chipmunk I was after and it kept it live and I released it easily .
 I should start by saying we are having a rat pandemic in my neighborhood . So after having no luck with disposable traps . Finding them picked clean and no dead rats . I decided to try another route . This trap took practice but worked effectively after being fine tuned . i found you do have to pay attention to were the trigger rod is placed because you can make it to strong and the trap wont spring . I have found for rats at least if you get a 2 liter bottle cap drill 2 holes in it and zip tie it to the pan fill the cap with peanut butter . this forces the rat to move the pan trying to get ALL the peanut butter . WORKS GREAT WITHPRACTICE just bought another today .
 If you have chipmunks you want to catch , this trap is excellent . However , it is too small if you want to catch squirrels . For chipmunks you really do n't have to bait it -- they will go in there in their own if you put it in the right place . Buy this item if you need to remove chipmunks , it works !
 The trap works quite well . I like the ability to have it open on both ends or one end only . Its built quite sturdy yet quite light and easy to handle . Moved 23 of these `` cute rats '' out in about one month . It took some tweaking to get it to work though . After watching how the squirrels were getting away it was pretty clear . First only open one end of the trap when setting it . Place the bait at the closed end AND most importantly place a 1 or 2 pound rock on the flap of the open end . Because of the weight of the rock its also important to set the `` trigger ' about half-way tripped . Squirrels are pretty wary and stretch out when entering the trap . They leave part of their body blocking the door from closing and locking shut . With the tweaking I hit about 95 % . If you have a squirrel problem it likely wo n't go away and trapping will only slow it down . The best bet is to have nothing for them to eat and any nests that appear should be destroyed immediately . These are extremely destructive creatures .
 I spread peanut butter on the plate and then sprinkle bird seed on it letting some bounce around . The chipmunks start eating the seeds and trip the doors closed when they reach the peanut butter . Our issue was the chipmunks raiding our birdfeeders . We place the trap along the `` chipmunk highway '' and it is successful at least 50 % of the time -LRB- vibrations and wind trip it -RRB- . They have never gotten away with just stealing the food . Now my only issue is having to drive them to their new home . Setting it is a bit tricky because of the quick release , but given how fast the chippies are , it has to be .
 this trap is smaller than i thought and the squirrels are very smart too its use . . i must figure out a way to fix the trigger to allow the animals to enter all the way in without first setting it off ... the wood block the directions tell you to do did not work on my squirrels.i should of bought the next size up . . i will win the war though ...
 Trap works as advertised ; simple to bait and set . Animals are not harmed when they are trapped . The trigger device is sensitive , but not too sensitive to close automatically .
 I caught 10 animals the first 2 days - red squirrels , chipmunks and young fox squirrels . At first , adult fox squirrels would enter the trap , but their entire tail would be outside the trap when it closed , so they were able to back out . Now they do n't even approach the trap anymore . This is a good trap , but I 've ordered a larger one to handle the big guys .
 came as advertised , works as advertised , would purchase again or similar item as i live in a rural area and use it for pest control .
 The trap worked perfectly ... caught 6 chipmonks in 3 days . . let them all go in the woods about 1/2 mile away . I used to have the Have-a-heart when I was a kid , 50 years ago . They still work GREAT
 Tricky to set up the first time . Wish they had a close up of how to set the trap . you line up the end of the wire to the end of the other wire and the tension of them against each other holds the trap.Once you figure it out it works great .
 A great trap . I have had it for about a month and have moved 4 chipmunks from my property to a nearby rock quarry .
 have caught 8 chipmunks and 10 red squirrels . The chipmunks were the problem as they were digging under a brick walk and have caved it in three times . This is a serious problem as my wife can not see the bricks that have caved in .
 For about a year now we 're had squirrel problems . They 've been chewing on the corners and sides of our roof just for the heck of it ; wearing down their teeth I have read . They have easily caused $ 1,000 damage to our house . We 've tried various different tactics to get rid of these evil little animals , but nothing has worked . I bought this trap last week and caught my first squirrel this morning ! It works great and there 's no way they can get out once trapped inside . The peanuts I used to catch it turned out to be his last meal . He and the trap went swimming in my rain barrel and that was that . I know it sounds cruel but I ca n't take it anymore and I 'm done being nice . The trap is now reset and we are ready to catch squirrel # 2 .
 It works . It 's small and compact bring enough for a squirrel.Good humane trap to tranport those critters away ...
 The trap worked like a charm . It took me a while to figure out the best way to set it -- I set it on a ledge and when the squirrel was trapped he managed to drop the trap from the ledge and escape . Lucky they do n't have great memories so I set it again , more securely , I caught my problem squirrel no problem and took him to the woods . I highly recommend this product !
 very satisfied w/Havaheart 1025 Two Door cage for Squirrels 17.5 x 5.25 x 7.25 - sturdy , easy to use & it works . Since our cat passed , I use the trap to catch between 15-20 chipmonks a summer . Only complaint . wish the holes on the spring plate were a little larger . I screw unshelled peanuts into holes & alot of them just crumble because hole is too small for normal peanut -LRB- half peanut -RRB- . This extra resistance helps in releasing spring plate .
 Much better than the more inexpensive models on the market . Sturdier ; keeps squirrels and chipmonks inside with no moving parts to chew on.Does not flex or need constant alignment to keep in working order .
 I opened the box , cut a piece of apple and set the trap on my retaining wall . In less than 15 minutes I got my first chipmunk . My indoor cats were very inquisitive so I let them watch the critter for a few minutes and then took him a mile away and set him free.This is an easy trap to bait and set .
 JUST MAKE SURE YOU LET THE GUY GO AND FORGET ABOUT HIM . ALSO DO N'T PUT IT WHERE BIRDS MIGHT GO IN LIKE BLUEJAYS WHO WANT TO GET AT THE PEANUTS THE TRAP WILL FRIGHTEN THEM AND THEY WILL DIE INSIDE . I LEAVE A SMALL CAP OF WATER INSIDE SO THE LITTLE RATS CAN CALM DOWN TIL MORNING BEFORE I TAKE THEM TO THE POND A FEW MILES DOWN THE ROAD .
 I have caught many live birds in the cage , it is unfortunate the rates were too smart . I had to resort to poison ; - -LRB-
 For the price this is the best on the market . I love how strong it is and its made very well . Check out my videos on Whocanfixthis.com .
 I caught two squirrels in my attic with this -LRB- not at the same time -RRB- . For larger rodents , leave one end closed and put the bait at the closed end . I 'm not sure how well it will work for the largest squirrels . The two in my attic were probably medium sized . I used almonds and walnuts for bait . It did n't take long to catch them .
 Easy to set , basic no nonsense trap . I ordered 3 because catching the pests one at a time did n't seem to affect the population .
 We had a squirrel move into our attic . This was the perfect non-lethal solution to moving him out . My husband baited it with peanut butter , and within a week , the little guy was trapped and moved out to the local forest preserve . When you are ready to transport it is helpful to be able to put the trap in a rubbermaid or something that is easlily cleaned as they tend to pee . COvering the trap with a blanket also helped to calm the animal.This has a more sensitive mechanism than the standard mouse trap and worked perfectly for us .
 I had squirrels in my attic and got this to get rid of them . I put it near the tree where they would come down from the house . I use bread smeared with peanut butter to stick it to the trip plate to help assure it goes off.After catching the first dozen -LRB- only maybe 3 were from my house -RRB- I was afraid they were returning from my drop off spot about 2 miles away -LSB- Nice wooded area with a large pond -RSB- . I started spray painting spots on their tails to be sure they were n't being territorial and returning . None have come back.I have now caught 26 and think I have cleared my entire neighborhood of gray squirrels . When I started would catch one per hour , now I leave it for days with nothing and have n't seen any around lately .
 A little bit of advice for folks that are finding the bait gone but the trap was not tripped . If you are using peanut butter put a small amount on top of the bait pan and then smear some on the underside of the pan . The animal will more than likely try to manipulate the pan to reach the peanut butter on the bottom side and the chance of triggering the trap will be greatly increased . This works for those traps that people find less `` sensitive '' as well . Good Luck !
 In my experience , once the animal is in your home there is only one way to get it out and that is to catch it . They are extremely persistent . I could not sleep at night and destroyed their nest , but they kept coming back.These are all the things I tried .1 . Predator urine repellent - did nothing at all .2 . Loud high pitched sounds that only animals can hear - They left when they heard this , but came back and ultimately had no effect .3 . Cut down tree branch to roof - They climbed up the chimney .4 . Found where they were getting in and patched the hole - They created a hole somewhere else.The worst thing for me was patching the hole , then they got into the walls and started ripping apart the walls . I ended up unpatching my original hole so they could get back into the attic where I could set the trap.This trap is great . Within 24 hours I caught a squirrel . I used real peanut butter -LRB- that has oil in it -RRB- on both sides of a cracker . It has a strong scent and it sticks to the pan . I recommend testing the trap several times so you know how it works . It is not obvious just by looking at it . Make sure both locks are flipped up so when the doors fall it locks .
 When I first took this trap out of the box , I found it a little confusing -LRB- even with instructions -RRB- to figure out which bars went where to properly set the trap . I found I had to bend the bars connected to the trap doors outward slightly so that the bar connected to the trigger plate could pass by -LRB- between the other bars and the cage itself -RRB- when the trigger plate was tipped to the right . Once I 'd done so , it became much clearer how the trap was supposed to work . Now that the trap is in working order , I 've caught two baby squirrels so far with nothing but some walnuts and a few pieces of cereal.Pros : - Seems to catch squirrels pretty well ; even lightweight ones seem to trip the trigger plate just fine , and I 'm not even using any sticky bait . - MY FAVORITE
 We were tired of our pecan trees being stripped bare before the fruit ripened . We were also sad to see our poor wild birds look for their food only to find it had been greedily consumed by squirrels . The Havahart trap is a wonderful compromise for our furried and feathered friends . We 've given up counting the number of squirrels we have `` relocated '' with the help of the trap . Some days we 'll catch up to ten of the little rascals . Our Black Labrador loves to accompany my husband when the squirrels are eventually `` liberated '' . This product is so good that I 'm ordering another one today !
 We are very happy with the results after a few days of using the Havahart 1025 Two Door Cage Trap . We wanted to capture a rat that was living in our shrubs and feasting on dog food next door . We tried peanut butter the first night with no results . The next night we substituted the peanut butter with Gorgonzola cheese , and our unwanted tenant sprung the trap while we were reading the Sunday paper . I put the trap in the Amazon box and let the varmint loose in a rice paddy several miles out of town.Setting the trap is extremely simple . It is not necessary to bend , twist or otherwise modify the trap as suggested by other reviewers . The instructions that come with the trap make the process seem more complicated than it is . They refer to various parts without diagramming which parts are which , and are helpful only after a round of trial-and-error . The illustration that shows how the levers should look when the trap is set is most helpful.Contrary to some of the other reviewer 's comments about the doors
 I had a chipmunk trapped on my enclosed porch . I smeared about 1/4 tsp peanut butter and some black sunflower seeds from the birdseed bag on the little toggle tray . Next morning , I woke up and heard the cage rattling ; there the little fella was - ready to be released into the yard . PERFECT !!
 I had to bend the wires a bit to make it work and it was frustrating at first but now it works . I did have to put a heavy rock on top of the trap . I am not sure if it was a rat or something bigger but it must have gotten caught and jumped around enough to turn the cage and release itself . I put dry catfood , deli turkey , pumpkin seeds and craisins in a little bowl made of aluminum foil . Also , to make it harder for the rat to swipe without setting off the trap , I ducktape the bowl to the middle trigger plate . Please remember to check this every 8 hours or so as the rat does not have food/water , so you can release it quickly , far from your house .
 Great trap for chipmunks -- caught 2 in the first day . We have a larger version of this trap for groundhogs and it works very well too . We did catch a bird also , but the chipmunks are gone and no more damage by them ! Recommend trap highly !
 I played around with different kinds of bait , but once I switched to fresh apple slices I started catching chipmunks like crazy . I 'll catch multiple chipmunks in a day . I do recommend that you do keep the arms that hold the doors open well lubricated otherwise they can get stuck .
 The Havahart 1025 Live animal trap is so much better then your competitor . Built so much sturdier . We have already caught pesty chipmunks from around the house . They are easy to set and release . I had to go on line to find this one , as we had purchased your competitor and was very disappointed with it , it was very cheeply made . We are very pleased and satified with the Havahart 1025 Live Trap . We gave it a 5 star rate .
 I have an epidemic of chipmunks in my yard , causing me no end of problems . I 've had a one of the 1025s for a while , and it works great , but wanted a couple more traps to cut down the population . So , I bought another 1025 and also a `` Havahart 0745 Live Animal Professional Style Trap '' . Since it 's advertised as a chipmunk trap , whereas the 1025 is advertised as a squirrel trap , I wanted to compare them . I 've used the two side-by-side , and can tell you , that chipmunks prefer the 1025 by at least 5-1 . They like the 1025 so much , I 've occasionally left it out overnight without bait , and found a chippie inside in the morning.I 've caught squirrels in this too , they apparently like peanut butter as much as the chippies do . But usually the chippies get to the bait first . If you have chipmunks , this is hands-down the best trap I 've found .
 I bougth this item from Amazon and placed it right next to the house foundation , the house has a 2x6 lying on its side which creates a tunnel for the little critters . I got sick and tire of finding the Chipmunk poop al over my patio and they would even use my grill as safe house to eat their nuts . I placed the trap at the end of the 2x6 , it looks like a continuation of the `` tunnel '' . I 've caught 14 so far . It 's been 2 days with no more chipmunks . . I think I got the entire family . Additionally , I did not have to place any bait in the trap . Now that the catch rate has decreased , I may place some bait to entice those that still roam around my backyard . Do n't worry . . all the chipmunks have been relocated .
 Great trap ! We 've caught two squirrels so far . Caveat
 My yard is like a menagerie of wild animals . So many birds we ca n't feed them all , squirrels , ducks , snapping turtles , humming birds but the ones I trap and get rid of are the chipmunks . They dig everyplace and can do substantial damage if they get out of control.I trap them with this Havahart cage and take them to a very large park about 10 miles away . I see this as the humane way of taking care of these critters . I use a slice of apple tied to the trip plate and it works fine and last for several days if they do n't come around . Every once in a while I would catch a baby squirrel and let it go or maybe even a bird.I have used two of these cages and the first one worked flawlessly . On the second one the trip setting lever was not bent properly out of the box and I had to re-align it to get it to trip easily and not jam partially open . The second one is definitely more difficult to set.Last spring I caught 6 chipmunks in one day ! This cage is much too small to catch full size squirrels as the door only closes on their tail and will not lock and the squirrels are very strong and able to escape.Funny story , we went to the park to drop off a chipmunk and we always park in the same spot . Three chipmunks ran up to the truck like they wanted to get in and my wife said that they just wanted a ride home . Too bad fellows !
 That will teach you squirrels to mess with our fruit trees ! We like that we can trap them and relocate them to a wilderness area to live out their happy little lives . We bought some of the spring traps but thought better ; they are way to scary in an urban setting .
 One of my neighbors had his car ignition wires chewed by our little mischievous neighborhood chipmunk costing over $ 500 to repair the damage . We are fearing this little rodent -LRB- and offspring -RRB- will be wanting to make our walls into their family room . Come spring I am hoping to sign Chippy up for the Chipmunk Protection Program but wanted to do it with a humane trap .
 Worked for us . We had the little red squirrels in our attic . I had no problem setting the trap or catching the little buggers . We just placed a few almonds on the bait plate . It makes a pretty loud sound when it slams closed , which was helpful since I knew right away when we 'd caught one . We 'd let our dogs sniff the cage and the squirrel would just go crazy , and I stupidly thought the creature would be sufficiently traumatized by the whole experience to stay away from our house , and I just released them outside . Yeah , that was dumb of me . They just came back ; at least , I think it was the same ones . I thought about spraypainting their tails to tell if it was the same ones , but I was afraid of accidentally spraying it into their eyes if they jumped around -LRB- they 're awfully fast , after all ! -RRB- After releasing 2 or 3 near the house , we wised up and started driving them away to be released . I was nervous that they would escape while in the car , but the trap stayed securely closed , and it 's easy to release them .
 Have used these traps successfully in the past but not sure how far away I need to take these wild critters before releasing them . Skunks pose a challenge .
 My first post ever , but thought this was worth sharing . I replaced a window over the summer and neglected to replace a board went behind the fascia and above the window . My dumb mistake , because a few gray squirrels found a nice place to nest behind the wall in my house for the winter . After seeing a squirrel come out of the opening , I decided I better replace the board so it could n't get back in again . An hour later , I saw two gray squirrels on my ladder looking for a way to get back in , but of course they could not now . However , the next day I was outside looking in around the same window area and saw a squirrel on the inside !! So , I must have missed one ! I ran in the house , and she ran up the wall into an opening in the ceiling where I had some drywall removed . So , I ran out to the store to buy a live trap , -LRB- there 's no way I am going to harm a squirrel -RRB- and came home with the 1092 model . I read that the 1084 model was better sized for gray squirrels and this one may be a little too small . I set it up and went to check about an hour later , I see her in the window again looking for a way out . So , I ran back inside and up she went into the ceiling again . This time , I opened the window up about 4 inches -LRB- this was in the middle of winter and 10 degrees out in Michigan , but oh well -RRB- . I patiently watched the window from the outside and waited for her to come out and about an hour later ... bingo . She went up on the window sill , then came out and inspected what happened to the outside opening that I covered up . After the coast was clear , I ran over and closed the window and that was it ! A few minutes later , I saw all three gray squirrels reunite in a tree in the backyard and were crawling all over each other , happy to be back together . It was awesome . So , I did n't end up using a trap afterall . Just thought that I 'd share with you a super happy moment.P.S . - Catching and releasing these guys is a great idea , they are really fascinating and gentle little animals . I suggest finding out where they are getting in and closing up the opening -LRB- if that 's the issue -RRB- . Then , you can just let them out where the came from . I love having them around the yard.Bill
 Arrived on time , was just as described . Has n't caught my squirrel yet though , but that 's not your fault . He 's a sneaky little booger .
 In contrast to many commenters here , I decided to purchase this trap primarily for pragmatic , not humane , reasons . I was growing desperate in my attempts to get rid of a rat that had settled in my apartment and already inflicted some damage on its walls . Havahart trap was not - by any means - the first thing I tried . The rat had successfully gotten out of a glue trap and released the trigger in two Victor snap traps -LRB- and both times escaped unharmed after eating the bait -RRB- . I was seriously considering using poison , despite the fact that if she -LRB- the rat -RRB- happened to die inside the walls of my apartment , the stench would have been more unbearable then the inconvenience of sharing my place with an unwanted tenant . However , I sort of came to respect my enemy for her intellect . After some searching , I found this non-lethal contraption on Amazon and decided to give it a try . For about a week , I used the trap as a feeder , by deactivating the trigger mechanism with scotch tape and placing a small dish of peanut butter on the trigger platform . The bait disappeared every time I left my apartment . Finally , I removed the scotch tape and waited outside for a few hours . When I returned , the rat was in the cage , obviously in a bad mood , but at least alive . After showing her to my 5-year old daughter -LRB- where else would a child get to see such a fine wild specimen of Rattus rattus ? -RRB- , I released the rat in the woods , reasonably far from human habitat . I hope it never comes to this again , but should another rat invade my place , I have the trap and the experience to get rid of it . To summarize
 Havahart 1025 Two-Door 18 x 5 x 5-Inch Cage Trap for SquirrelsWe had an issue with pocket gophers taking out a Sago palm tree and a variety of plants in our back yard . During the past 2 weeks , we have successfully used this Havahart 1025 model cage trap with 18x5x5 dimensions.We have caught :1 . 6 pocket gophers2 . 1 large Norway rat3 . 1 rabbitWe are careful to always wear gloves.We bait the trap with a single , regular size Granny Smith apple cut into 3 pieces . They ca n't resist the apple smell . We have also tried successfully applying peanut butter to the apple pieces.We keep only one side of the cage open and put the apple pieces to the back . We have set the cage on the edge of the grass in our back yard facing the plantings.We were surprised at how well this cage has worked . We did not have much luck with a larger version of this cage in prior years .
 I 'm looking to eliminate pack rats from my back yard . So far , I have `` caught '' two . The first one remained captured for a couple of hours - it was the middle of the night , so I could not take care of it right away . I could hear it from my bed as it kept running back and forth over the tray , looking for a way out . By morning , it had escaped - the doors were still locked so I assume it squeezed out of the corner where the door comes down . I understand that rats can squeeze through a hole the size of a nickel , so that is apparently what happened.I then used pliers to bend the four lower corners of the two doors inward a bit to decrease the size of those gaps . The next night I caught another rat -LRB- I do n't think this was the same one -RRB- , and this time it was still there in the morning . Tonight I will set it for the original rat again , as I need to get her to stop nesting in my gas grill.Cheese as bait has worked fine so far . Releasing the captured rat was pretty easy , a few miles away .
 We had an issue with a family of rats living under our house . After doing some research and not wanting to harm the rats , I bought this trap . It is the perfect size for the rats and easy to set . A dab of Peanut Butter and the first night we caught our first rat . We then relocated it to the hills next to a lake . The next three nights we caught rats until non were left under the house . This trap works great ! I highly recommend .
 There 's not a lot to say about this little trap other than to say it does everything exactly as it 's supposed to do . It 's very simple to use and it 's easy to take whatever critter you may catch for a long ride so they ca n't find their way back to your house . i now own three of various sizes and use them without reservation , including catching a couple skunks . I was very worried at first but I picked them up by the end of the trap . I strapped them in the back of my pickup holding them up on end and they they did n't spray . I opened the trap and they were more interested in getting out than spraying . No problems !!
 I tried several times setting this trap using peanut butter and goring my head on an attic nail trying to place the trap near the attic noise , which sounded like cables being quickly dragged over the ceiling . I luckily found something that works much better and is much easier.I set trap to the one door mode - using only the bar with curve on it to set trap as indicated in directions . It is easier to set that way , and you can make the rascal run over the bait pan to get to the bait , rather than eating it without tripping the trap . For bait , I use pitted dates.Dates are much easier than peanut butter . You can easily toss one into the far side of the trap so they have to trip the trap to get it . Also , no mess to clean . If they do n't eat it you can dump it out easy . The roof rats or fruit rats ? or mice that I am catching really like the dates . I can leave the trap at the attic door and they come to it , usually within an hour.To my surprise I caught 7 in the first 24 hours of using this method . Noise in attic is gone , so I am hoping this exercise is almost over.I rate this item 5 stars because for the price it works great . Trying to set both doors open did n't work so well , but at least the single door option was available .
 If you want to trap a rat humanely , the Havahart 1025 is your answer . I received the trap on one day , set it with Virginia roasted peanuts -LRB- wrapped in heavy duty aluminium foil -RRB- for bait that night , and had a nice sized rat in the trap by morning . Problem solved . Absolutely worth the investment .
 Very pleased with this trap . Great size for rats . 3 rats in 3 nights . I also bought a # 1020 but found it a little small .
 I have had this product for about a month now and so far , I 've caught 3 chipmunks . However , it 's worth noting that more often than not -LRB- until my modification -RRB- , the trap was closed , treat was gone and no chipmunks were inside . Though the bait tray is sensitive , a chipmunk can easily get a treat off it and walk out of the trap without it being deployed . Happened to me several times . One time I set the trap on some mulch and the chipmunk dug at the treat from below , again evading the trap.The tip someone posted about smearing peanut butter on the bait tray itself is a good one . However , it 's messy and if left out too long , will attract ants . What I did was take a clamp I used for my pet birds and secure it to the inside of the trap near the bait tray . I clip a little graham cracker with some peanut butter on it - that way , the chipmunk almost has to step on the bait tray and/or struggle a little to get the treat , therefor triggering the trap . He ca n't just grab the treat and go , he has to either sit there for awhile eating it , or pull it off the clamp , either way increasing the likelihood that the trap will deploy.For the price , I feel this is a good product , though I really wish there was a way to secure the treat to the bait tray . It would definitely increase the chances of catching a chipmunk . Setting it up is fairly easy , though not totally intuitive in setting the trap itself . Nice thing is reusable , portable and not messy.Oh , and I doubt a squirrel could fit into this thing ! It does seem big enough to catch a squirrel.Overall , a good value for those of us who do n't yet have the nerve to kill the little buggers . ; -RRB-
 I thought I just had a ground squirrel or two eating my plants ... I received this trap on Monday . Caught one squirrel Monday night , two squirrels Tuesday , four on Wednesday . Today I am told there was one squirrel in the trap and eight more trying to spring their comrade -LRB- trying to dig him out -RRB- . Apparently my property is paradise on Earth for the Antelope Ground Squirrel.I wo n't be buying any more of these traps -LRB- I do n't have the time to move 10,000 ground squirrels -RRB- , but it is very effective . While it looks awful , I think we 'll be putting a layer of chicken wire or hardware netting on the bottom half of our 4-foot wire fence . Then we 'll use this trap on a case-by-case basis.By the way , Antelope Ground Squirrels like peanut butter , green and red grapes , corn and Ritz crackers .
 I 've had success using this trap . After 3 young squirrels fell through my bedroom ceiling it was apparent I had a squirrel issue . I acquired 2 of these-one for the ceiling , one for the back yard -LRB- to catch anything before it gets to the house -RRB- . Caught another in the ceiling last winter and just a couple of days ago-caught another in the backyard that I noticed prowling around . I release them to a park area that actually has a squirrel/chipmunk viewing space.Bit of advice-when setting this trap leave the door down and locked that is controlled by the straight lever . Then place the bait right inside next to the closed door . The squirrel then has only one entry point and has to traverse the bait plate to get to the actual bait . This works much better than baiting the bait plate and leaving both doors open.Anything caught will be very testy during transport and keeping the trap right side up is a must or the locking mechanism will release .
 A neighbor recommended this & lent me his . We wanted to get rid of a squirrel in our basement asap . He showed me how to use it-I 've read other reviews that the directions are a bit confusing , and I can see how that could be . He told me to use peanut butter and to smear most of the peanut butter UNDER the tray , so the squirrel would play with/manipulate that more . I went out for 1.5 hours and when I came home , the squirrel was already trapped.I carried it up 1 flight of stairs and out to my car with no problem . I was worried that the squirrel might bite me , or that the door would swing open mid-air . But , I took my time and kept it steady and horizontal , and there was no problem . I released it in a park about 2.5 miles & over a river from me -- I had read that squirrels have a great ability to find their way home , even over a distance of 5-7 miles.From talking to people over the past 16 hours , it seems that this is a rather common problem . So , I 'm ordering a trap now to have at the ready next time -LRB- although I hope there is n't a next time ! -RRB- One more tip
 The Havahart 1025 trap is the best trap that I have used for catching rats . Just place the trap against a building wall where rats are present . Rats will try to run through it . You do n't need to bait the trap . There is no need to use poison bait and worry about your pets getting into it . The trap catches the rodents alive so if you want to release them somewhere else you can . If you wish to kill the disease carrying pests , you can just put the trap under water for a few minutes . I have found that traps that kill rodents leave a sent that scares other rodents away . This trap is fast and easy to set . The trap will not hurt your pets like some other kinds . The only problem that I have found using this model trap is that mice will spring it too . The spacing of the wire mesh is too wide to keep mice in . You will need the next size smaller trap to catch mice .
 I bought this cage because a rat moved into my house and I could n't bear to kill it . My room-mate on the other hand , did n't care and wanted it dead . I got this because the other trap -LRB- the 1020 -RRB- was too small according to some reviews and a rat could only barely fit in it . I did n't want the rat to get its tail stuck on the trap door as it is closing or for it to feel cramped inside if it got caught . My room-mate went and got the regular snap traps , but the rat proved too smart to get caught in his.The trap is slightly complicated in that you have to use the levers connected to the doors and that connected to the bait mechanism to level the bait mechanism and then fix it into place by placing the door levers ' protruding ends to the end from the bait mechanism . It is a little tricky as there is no bay or fixture for it ; you have to level it and gently leave it in place . Oh , and do n't forget to put the latches above the door into the locked position -LRB- as in the product picture -RRB- otherwise the rat will just push the door open and escape.A very good product and most reviews say the product works . Apparently peanuts are a very good bait to use . Unfortunately my room mate got to the rat before me so I do n't know whether the baits proposed are useful in all cases . After his traps did n't work , he waited for it to come out again and ended the poor thing 's life with the end of a broom .
 I bought this trap to control the chipmonks around the house . I bought the trap late in the season , and now the chipmonks are hibernating . I did catch one chipmonk using peanut butter before they disappeard for the season . I drove it 1/2 mile away , and let it go in a nature preserve . I will be using the trap this spring when they show up again.The trap is well built , and is quite sturdy .
 No more chipmunks ! Used tomato and pecan/walnuts for bait . You may have to file the bait tray activator rod tip to make it more sensitive . Try it first .
 Works fine-have caught a number of chipmunks with this trap.I leave only one end open and put cracker with peanut butter in the trap .
 It 's a good trap for humanely capturing and releasing pesky chipmunks that gobble up almost all of our tomatoes . We used it once , capturing the King of the chipmunks . Now we built barricades to the tomatoes that the chipmunks ca n't easily climb.I would recommend the product .
 As others report , setting as 2 door trap a tad tricky and stiff release.It could use better instructions.I did not bother to adjust the release , just used as one door trap with a large bottle cap of peanut butter , corn and whole peanut.Adolescent squirrels in the attic remaining after soffit repaired.Took 12 hours to catch the first one . We 'll see how it goes.Yes the box says it is for SMALL squirrels , use one of the larger models for adults.As always , YMMV .
 This trap required some fiddling around to get the mechanism to work the way it is supposed to . But , do n't give up , it works well , once you figure out how to make the adjustments .
 recieved in about 2 days ... 4 squirrels down the 1st . wk.peanut butter on bread
 I first purchased this trap 6 years ago when cutting down the branches that allowed some squirrels into the attic did not dissuade them from getting back to their home . I caught and released 2 . More never found their way back into the house . This summer I noticed one getting between the stairs and the house so I trapped him as well . It was very easy . I set the trap with whatever food I had about and stuck it to the trap with a small amount of peanut butter . I used a hammer to pick up the cage and used it again to open the cage to release them . You certainly do n't want to get your hands too close to a trapped squirrel!Another tip
 Well built but had to do some minor bending so small squirrels could n't escape . Good for squirrel/rat . No assembly required . Amazon quick ship . Would recommend .
 Have caught 5 chipmunks in two days but no squirrels.May be a bit small for grey squirrels .
 Love it ! I had to experiment a little with setting the trap . When I had both doors up it seemed it would be much harder to catch them . I started with crackers and PNB and those little buggers just eat them up . Then I closed the second door and put a bunch of shelled peanuts by that closed door . It works like a charm . I have caught 3 squirrel already in 2 days and have probably 4 more to go . Then I transport them in a large open plastic bin , in case they have an accident while in the trap , to a wooded area 2 + miles away . To release them , unlock the trap and tip it to the side . They will be gone within seconds . It certainly was worth the money .
 I purchased 2 of these traps and they work very well ! I was having ` issues ' with the local chipmunks and squirrels and wanted a humane solution to reducing their numbers . Without baiting them , just setting them on the ground , I caught 17 chipmunks and a squirrel in a week . -LRB- I can not believe there are still many more left ! -RRB- All were released back into the wild a mile or so down the road . I did not have the demeanor to dispatch their little lives permanently . Works very well for chipmunks , but for squirrels , they will need to be baited . I just wish the local clan of foxes would do so well ! Very sturdy , well built and should provide many years of service .
 Horrible raccoon problem with them killing my ducks . This is so much better than staying up all night to shoot them , Bait the trap , wake up with a caught critter . Take it from there .
 This trap is great , caught our first little pesky squirrel The first half hour we set it out . Took him for a long ride to the country and it was real easy to release him . We used the one end open method with a bit of peanut butter bread . Also bought the small rodent trap , does not work well at all . There is not enough weight in the trap door for it to close completely .
 This trap works wonderfully well . So far I 've managed to catch rats , mice and a squirrel . I prefer this to some others because it is easy to setup and the release is very quick and easy .
 Length :
 We have bought two of this type of trapping device . Once caught we can take the little `` critters '' out of the city to a nice wooded area for them to chew up . Leaves the eaves of our house intact . Squirrels have been a real problem since the neighbor puts out food for them . Use of this product has resolved the issue.Love this product
 I just caught a good size rat in mine . Now I can sleep without being awakened by that infuriating scurrying or , worse , gnawing.I find spreading peanut butter on the trigger mechanism works great , Anything that they can nibble at or lift off will likely not trip the trigger , no matter how sensitive.This thing really does work . It catches only one at a time , though . I just saw another ad for a `` repeating rat trap '' -LRB- not much larger if any larger than this trap -RRB- that will hold up to 12 rats at a time ! They do n't `` get it '' , apparently , and just keep coming in to the party.But this trap suffices for the odd rodent in the house or walls , once you find out where it will likely travel . The peanut butter smell will lure them in .
 There 's not a lot to say about this little trap other than to say it does everything exactly as it 's supposed to do . It 's very simple to use and it 's easy to take whatever critter you may catch for a long ride so they ca n't find their way back to your house . i now own three of various sizes and use them without reservation , including catching a couple skunks . I was very worried at first but I picked them up by the end of the trap . I strapped them in the back of my pickup holding them up on end and they they did n't spray . I opened the trap and they were more interested in getting out than spraying . No problems !!
 Caught the first 10 gray squirrels last year with my neighbor 's 1025 , then bought the longer 1040 and have caught another 70 . We have a small squirrel problem ! I 'm pretty sure I 'm not just getting repeat offenders because they 're being relocated a long distance . Now we 're starting to get a small native squirrel population established . I immediately let them out of the trap because they are feisty for their size and they chase away the gray squirrels.I 've found a trick that works nearly every time . Do n't mess with the trigger tension as some reviewers have suggested . Just include some bait under the trigger -LRB- bird seed or whatever they 're being attracted to -RRB- . At least with squirrels , they ca n't help but to push their noses under the trigger . I 'll usually see them carefully eat some of the bait off the top of the trigger , but the moment the nose goes under the trigger , down come the doors.Also for the guys with the longer tails , put a couple small stones on the trap doors to make it less likely for them to hold the door open with their tail .
 I use the 1020 and 1025 Havahart traps for rats . Recently got 14 in 6 nights at our ranch . The 1020 works perfect for small rats -LRB- juvies -RRB- and the 1025 works perfect for full sized adults . Occasionally I catch a juvie in the 1025 but for the most part they prefer the 1020 . I 'd HIGHLY recommend getting at least one of eachThese live traps work MUCH MUCH better than Big Vicks !
 Opened the box , took a quick look a the directions , and a few minutes later was in business . Trapping did no harm to the squirrels . Releasing them was a little tricky - they wanted out faster than I could move , but we both jumped in the right directions
 The trap is well-made , easy to operate , etc. . And inexpensive.I 'm just adding a comment that this model was n't quite big enough to contain a full-grown gray squirrel . He just held the door open with his butt while he ate the bait!Trading up ...
 I did n't know which size trap to buy because I did n't know if I had a mouse or a rat . I set the trap the original way with both doors open and my little friend got to eat on me for free . I finally set it with one door open and that night I got my mouse . So yes it does work and holds them there all night long .
 Worked on all the rats we had around . I caught very big ones and very small mouse sized ones . You can set just one side or use both . Make sure you set the lock bar on top , or they can escape .
 Works great for squirrels . I 've had the most luck using a single door -LRB- trap can be used with 1 or 2 doors open -RRB- , and smearing a little peanut butter at the back and bottom of the trigger plate . Putting a little more peanut butter in the doorway also help to entice them into the trap.The instructions were a little unclear about how to set the trap -LRB- reason for 4 stars -RRB- , but the trick is to only have the flat sides of the trigger plate and door rods touching . Do n't try to `` hook '' the rods together . When it 's set it almost appears that it will spring any second , but there is enough pressure between the rods to catch an animal .
 Getting down our Christmas decorations from the attic over Thanksgiving we discovered evidence of something in our attic and ordered this trap . We used aluminum foil to make a tray for food and placed pecans , subflower seeds , cherrios , and cat food in the dish , -LRB- mmm ... yummy -RRB- and voila ! A small squirrel ! Trip to the country ...
 This product really works ! Put some peanut butter and a small apple or chunk of an apple and put it on the center . Chipmunks go right for it and get trapped easily . Caught over 7 of them in about a 2 week period . Great to catch small animals running around your yard . I would highly recommend this product to anyone who has small animal problems .
 Works great!Just put some slivered almonds in the trap , and that 's all there is to it . Works like a charm !
 Very easy to set up and use . Good quality . Set up in shed and caught the squirrel in the first night . Took trap into car to release squirrel far away . Thankfully , put trap on newspapers in car , which caught squirrel 's droppings during transport .
 Better to have purchased a single door trap for squirrels . The trap however is well made as are all havahart traps
 this trap will do it 's job , I 've caught 7 chipmunks so far . just make sure you set the trap according to the instructions provided . product was delivered quickly as well .
 It worked and I have n't used it for over a year ... good to know I have a product that will work when I need it ...
 These Havahart traps are the greatest things since sliced bread . Got this one to catch a juvenile snapping turtle that found its way into my backyard fish pond . I 've used the slightly larger trap for a bigger snapper a while back . Bait it with some cat food in a steel mesh tea ball hooked up over the trip plate - I had the little menace in under 3 hours , unharmed and ready to release at the real lake nearby . It 's easy to set , and it worked fine submerged in about 3 inches of water and on an unlevel surface . Came fully assembled and ready to use . Well worth the money to save my goldfish without hurting the turtle .
 This trap works like a charm . I have captured 18 chipmonks in two weeks ! They were reeking havoc in my yard and beginning to enter my house so I 'm glad to be rid of them .
 These are wonderful traps for chipmunks and squirrels . The sunflower seeds we use as bait occasionally entice birds into them , but the traps are roomy enough the birds are n't injured until I am able to release them back into the yard.We now have three 1025 traps and all three needed tweaking right out of the box . There has been a little interference and hesitation or lack of smoothness in the interplay of the two arms that control the doors . However , adjusting them is intuitive and easy . The second oddity is that all three traps , when set , have the bait tray at an angle which means the sunflower seeds just slide right off onto the ground under the trap . Fixing it is likewise simple , but requires two pliers - one to grasp the tray and supporting wire and the other to twist/bend the end of that support wire , the part that acts as the trip lever . It takes 10 seconds and makes all the difference in presenting the bait.Occasionally I have to tune the tip ends of the two arms that contact one another . Tarnish makes the trip mechanism balky , thus allowing a potential prisoner to eat all the bait and leave . Again , a little steel wool and some silicone spray make it a hair trigger and all is right again.These are well-designed . They 're simply not going to escape until you release them , and your hands are protected when carrying the trap . I 'd suggest following Havahart 's guidance in releasing irate squirrels
 I 've used this for 3 days and caught 3 squirrels on my rooftop deck . Since they are raiding my tomato plants , I used a half of a small ripe tomato as bait along with a few sunflower seeds . They ransack my garden boxes between 5-6 am daily . Of the 3 I trapped , one large male flipped the cage on its side and escaped -LRB- I watched him do it . -RRB- Apparently once the trap is closed , the two end plates depend on gravity to stay latched . This makes releases easier , but as I mentioned , also makes escapes possible . If the door latches were better , I 'd give it 5 stars .
 Great trap , easy to set , and have been catching grey ground squirrels averaging one a day for the past 20 days . Tried peanut butter and nuts but only caught the tree squirrels . So switched to apple slices and strawberries and wammo , started catching the destructive ground squirrels . some days 2 , some days none , some days only one , but have averaged 1 a day . They are easily released by just opening one of the doors . Have been releasing them in the local park where they are fed by the kids at the park . Now we are filling the holes and tunnels in our lawn with rocks and dirt . Great product and well made .
 I have caught 8 rats in 8 days . The rats I have are very smal and I was affraid they would not set of the spring loaded trap . But they do . Would racomend .
 so easy to use ... I set it and five minutes later I have a little fury critter to relocate ... so easy to set too ...
 ive got to say it works perfect.iam up to 65 kills now.little s *** s just keep comming back , too bad for them , ill just keep brakeing there little necks , snap , snap , snap
 We are very happy with our gutter cleaner . We have a kennel and use the gutter cleaner to clean the gutter we wash the pens down and it washes into a cement gutter . We use the gutter cleaner to get the hair out of the gutter before washing it down the drain . It works great ! Thanks !
 I 've been using this product for several years now . I can truly say that it is very effective and has a pleasant scent . When I light up these sticks , the Mosquitos disappear . I can enjoy sitting on my patio when I light these sticks . My dog also leaves the patio when I light these .
 these work wonders outside and they do burn forever and long lasting just like incense sticks , so put them out and let them burn all of the way down ... the only bad thing is that you can not put them out and re-light them another time ... but do buy if you have outdoor parties and cookouts
 My backyard is extremely mosquito ridden this year . I tried this product to see if it works better than the citronella bucket . I was out there chopping wood for hours without being bothered . More effective than the coil I tried as well . I am buying more .
 great product , nice strong scent , quick shipping , Purchased to use outside and it works well to ward off mosquitoes and other insects . I use them in my homemade incense bottles . Im happy with them . .
 This fountain is great !!! I love the sound -LRB- be warned , it 's a bit loud ; I can hear it throughout my house -RRB- , and it looks really awsome with the light . Make sure you measure well to make sure it fits because it 's good sized . It 's perfect for creating a natural habitat for small fish . I love it !!!
 We bought this to cover a Yamaha 3500 gen set , and it is perfect . It is exactly as stated and we are delighted with it .
 This is a nice way to protect your considerable investment . There is a nice sized front pocket to keep accessories or the instruction manual handy . RECOMMEND . If you are gon na take the leap to purchase the generator , go ahead and bite the bullet for the cover , too . It is a bargain on AMAZON !
 Covers the grill , a little tight though . Water bunches up on the table side , but overall it does the job it is suppose to do .
 It has been very helpful , my grill is fully protected , and it is easy to put and retire .
 This was a great cover for our Performer grill . The only problem is that it blew off the grill and far , far away with the first strong wind storm we had . Be sure to secure yours down !
 This weber vinyl cover fits perfectly over the proformer grill . Highly recommend it . Excellent quality .
 This cover fits the 2005 Performer Grill perfectly . It 's heavy duty and should protect your grill from the elements for years to come . I highly recommend this product for all who do not have a covered patio to keep out the rain . Buy one today !!
 Excellent quality . Very heavy vinyl . Tough but flexible . Fits my Weber Performer like a glove !
 We 've had our grill out in rain , wind ... and the cover has been super .
 If you have a Weber Performa grill and need a cover , this is the one to get .
 Great cover for wind sheltered applications . Durable and extremely heavy duty . If there are heavy winds in your area you might look for a cover with draw strings that will help to hold the product in place .
 Although the cover is heavy , it is very easy to put on and take off
 This cover is made of durable material to withstand the on & off handling along with the weather it is exposed to . Without a cover the grill would be more at risk to deteriorate . A must have item made to custom fit and last .
 I 've had this cover for about two weeks . It is well-made and seems to do a good job protecting the Weber Performer Grill from the weather . The cover fits tightly , which can make it difficult to slide the cover over the grill.Some others have said the cover has velcro fasteners ; no velcro on mine.The Weber logo is not embroidered , its only silk screened .
 This cover works great , fits perfect and is very nice quality . It is very thick and durable . It will be worth the money and will keep our grill in excellent condition for years to come .
 The product is exactly as advertised and fits the grill perfectly . The item was sent to me quickly and I got exactly what I wanted and paid for .
 The quality and the features are why I bought a kettle 20 years ago . I look forward to 20 more years with this one !
 this weber cover is as great as the new grill is ! heavy duty with velcro straps ... it has stayed on during our monsoon season ... what else is there to say ?
 I got this to protect the investment I just made on my Weber Performer Grill . This is hands down the best grill I have ever owned , and it would be a shame to let the elements have their way with it . The cover is super durable and should easily last as long as the grill if not longer . It also fits like a glove , and has a velcro strap on the bottom to tighten it up and ensure it 's not going anywhere . I was excited to read that the weber logo was embroiderd on it , as an embroidered logo is infinitely nicer than a screened on one . Unfortunately , when the cover arrived , I was a bit disappointed to find that it was a standard screened logo and not embroidered . I know it 's a silly thing to gripe about , and it in no way affects the usefulness of the cover , but I thought anyone who 's going to buy this should know . Overall a great buy and I could only be marginally happier .
 THE WEBER COVER WE RECEIVED IS WELL MADE , STURDY , AND IS EASY TO PUT ON AND TAKE OFF . FITS TO A TEE AND THE VELCRO CLOSING AT THE BOTTOM OF EITHER END KEEPS DIRT OUT AND KEEPS IT SECURE . IT IS THE BEST I HAVE SEEN AND I 'M IN THE BUSINESS OF MAKING COVERS .
 I do n't have much to add except that as a petite 5 ' tall person , I was surprised to find that the large cover was n't difficult to pull on . There is seemingly nothing for it to snag on and the proper orientation is fairly obvious . It properly covers the bottom shelf . Unlike the photo on Amazon.com , the sides hang straight as opposed to tightening up at the bottom . I only gave it 4 stars because I 'm sure there 's room for enhancements -LRB- e.g. zippered clear pocket , a strap for hanging the cover or rolling it up while grilling ... -RRB- .
 I managed to purchase this item right before it started raining and it turned out to be just what we needed . It 's self explanatory in how to put it on the performer grill and covers the whole thing above the wheels so nothing gets dirty ! I love it !
 The cover fits the grill like a glove and arrived promptly -- just in time for the heavy rains and winds we 've had for the past several weeks . It was cheaper at Amazon than at our local hardware store .
 I had to call Weber to find out the number of the cover I needed as there was some confusion due to a model date change . They were very helpful in determining the correct one . Gave to son-in-law for his birthday . I quote . `` Thanks very much it is a PERFECT fit and arrived 10 days before my birthday . . -LRB- wife kept it hidden until the correct time -RRB- . All in all a very satisfying experience .
 Keeps our grill nice and clean . Our wind here in Missouri has wipped it off a time or two , so we do keep an eye on it . Keeps the grill nice .
 Have been trying to verify the problem with my weed-eater only to find that no one carries this little spark plug . Found them on line and was able to move forward in my diagnostics .
 Used this as a replacement for my Craftsman tractor . Spark starts the engine instantaneously . Great replacement plug to revamp your tractor 's performance .
 What can I say-it 's a spark plug . A very SMALL plug . And a VERY HARD TO FIND spark plug . I spent a good bit of time finding this plug , and as usual , Amazon came through.It is for my Craftsman 4-stroke multi-tool -LRB- weed eater/trimmer/blower / hedge clipper/etc . -RRB- / Even Sears has to special order this , which requires two trips to the store . So buy it here and save money on gas .
 These spark plugs fit many of my small engines.I t sure beat the price at the local hardware store.It sure makes it easy to just react up on my shelf and get a plug.Great deal .
 I ordered this for my weed eater because they no longer sold it in local stores . I was nervous to order one but it came in and worked great .
 My backpack blower was becoming listless so I decided a tuneup was in order . I tried to purchase this spark plug locally but was unsuccessful in doing so . As usual , Amazon came through with exactly what I needed and it was quickly delivered in excellent condition . I replaced the old plug , cleaned the air filter and the blower is back up to speed .
 This merchant had the right product at a fair price and delivered in a timely manner . I will buy from them again .
 The only reluctance I had towards this product is the fact that they 're plastic . I 'm the kind of guy who likes his stainless steel and glassware . At any rate , these turned out to be great for the apartment when I was having a few people over for margarita night . In fact , I 'd probably be down to 3 of them if they were glass because they tend to get knocked over.The glasses themselves are a bit tacky for `` real '' social type parties , but if you 're just having a casual drink or rowdy party people over , then they 're perfect . The base is big enough so they 're fairly sturdy , but again , since they 're plastic they 're not quite as heavy and they tend to get knocked over if bumped.If you 're in need of some inexpensive `` authentic '' margarita glasses or you 're just tired of drinking them out of a styrofoam cup , then these should be right up your alley .
 This is a fantastic sprinkler . The coverage is consistent and is not harsh . I use this to water a large perennial bed and it does a stellar job . I would recommend this to any gardener . It would also do an excellent job on lawns . This is very easy to use and appears to be durable . I love the quick connect feature . Makes life easy when you switch from sprinkler to a watering wand for example . Gardena makes excellent products . I was also delighted that the delivery time from this vendow was very quick .
 This product is great . I used it in small areas last Summer and now have it mixed in a pump sprayer for use on my 1/2 acre lawn . It is very efffective on dandelions . At full strength , they are visibly diminished within one hour of applying the spray . If the spray is diluted 2:1 , the effects are noticeable over night and within 2 days , weeds are dead . Two problems that I have noticed so far
 This product was purchased because we have lots of pets and lots of weeds ! It beat my husband and his RoundUp every time - he is now a convert ! Some weeds do require more than one dousing , though . We are going to try it in the concentrate and see if it does as well .
 My husband wanted to use conventional weed killer in the cracks in our driveway . Preferring a more organic method , I convinced him to try this product first . It was unknown to both of us , but we figured it could n't hurt to experiment . He sprayed the trouble spots and within 24 hours -LRB- sooner , in some spots -RRB- there was a noticeable difference . Two days later we were able to pull up the dead weeds for a clean driveway . Both of us were extremely happy with the results and would use this product again .
 This product works as advertised.Within a day or so , it completely eliminated the dandilions and grass in the area sprayed .
 This product worked good , I am now trying to find a bigger version for my backyard since my front yard is set !
 This blade is the same as the original equipment , for a little less money than the Ariens dealer wants for it .
 I have been wanting to get this for some time . 2 weeks before we closed our pool for the winter , I ordered it . It did an amazing job in the little time thatI used it . It does exactly what it says it does . We are very happy with this product and recommend it to anyone with an above ground pool with sand filter .
 For the price , this thing is amazing . This is the third above ground pool cleaner I 've had and it 's the best by far . At 300.00 less than the pool rover I bought a few years ago -LRB- fell apart after 3 summers -RRB- this thing runs circles around it . If it gets behind the ladder , no problem , Wanda get 's out on her own . If you have a lot of leaves I would probably try to scoop out what you can first so it does n't slow it down .
 I like Wanda and I would give her 5 stars . The reason I didnt is due to how she moves.I have a 15 ' above ground intex vinyl pool with the upgraded salt water system -LRB- stronger pump -RRB- . It has a few small bumps and wrinkles on the bottom . VerY LITTLE ! She still likes to get hung up on them sometimes . And she moves in circles when she does go , but seems to keep doing circle in the same area and not getting around the pool more . Seems if she go straight across then turn it would do more.Other than that she gets the job done ! I really only have fine dirt at the bottom of my pool . But she gets it up and send it to the filter ! She has also picked up some bigger bugs and other things that get to the bottom .
 REPLACEMENT FOR 12 YEAR OLD SIMILAR POOL CLEANER WHICH FNALLY DIED . . BEST NO BRAINER WAY TO CLEAN BOTTOM OF POOL ... EXCELLENT SERVICE , AND PRICE , FROM SELLER , AND ARRIVED BEFORE ESTIMATED DATE . . WOULD DEFINATELY USE AGAIN FOR POOL SUPPLIES ...
 Purchased the aqua bug with the new Intex sand filter . I would recommend the Hayward aqua bug to everyone . Looking forward to a sparkling pool next summer .
 Great investment ! Amazon had it for $ 99 and every place else sold it for $ 139 plus . I have an 18 foot round , above ground pool and it works great . I was having problems with algae buildup and settled dirt at the bottom of my pool . This product 100 % solved my problem . It feels great when guests come over and the pool is sparkling !
 Works amazingly well . * Def need the upgraded intex pump to get him to work right . The low end 15 ' round pool pump does n't have enough pressure .
 I have an Intex 12 ft diameter pool and this vacuum keeps it very clean . I have an upgraded Intex filter and have no trouble with the strength of the suction . I would recommend purchasing the accessory leaf canister because it will clog the intake port with an Intex filter because you have to hook the vacuum directly to the intake port .
 Love this pool cleaner , , it does a great job ! I have ordered from Amazon for years and have always been more than happy . Except for the time I ordered a bottle of perfume and did not like it and Amazon would not let me return it ... . I was disappointed because I did not realize that I could not return it .
 Love this product . Saves time cleaning the pool . used once and havent had to clean much since then . Love it .
 I did some research on above ground vac 's before I decided on Wanda . This purchase , by far , has been one of the best I 've ever made ! One thing , a definite need is a pump that is at least one horse power . I originally had 1/2 Hp , and it was not strong enough to allow Wanda to function . Now that she 's hooked to the right pump , she is a dream come true . It 's like having a pool boy and a maid in one . And she never stops smiling !! Wanda has become my new best friend .
 I thought this was going to come as a toy for the price I paid . I was very suprised to find out how big it is . Wanda is wonderful . I put her into my 18 ' Intex pool , hooked her up to my Intex Sand Filter -LRB- another product a give rave reviews for -RRB- and off she went . I have been cleaning the pool with the brush and hose method but it would be dirty the next day . I was probably too impatient and not going slow enough , but cleaning the pool twice a week is not my idea of a happy time . My pool has been constantly clean now . I do leave her in the pool so she cleans everyday , but she is so good I could take her out . The hose does not tangle , there is no bags to dump , she is basically care free . Wanda picks up oak leaves , decomposed granite and even fine dirt . I have wrinkles in my pool -LRB- not too bad -RRB- and they do n't even bother her . I pulled my ladder close to the inside edge of the pool and she just goes around it . I may have to move the ladder from time to time for her to clean where is was , but that is easier than removing the ladder . I LOVE WANDA ! I am not paid or affiliated with this product in any way . If you are looking for a pool boy I recommend this girl instead .
 This pool cleaner does a great job . We have a 33 ft above ground pool so he gets a little tangled up in the long hose sometimes and gets turned on his side but as long as we untangle the hose , he is fine and does a really good job . We are very satisfied .
 Works great but occasional tips over and gets stuck . I leave it on overnight and the pool is 95 % clean . I am happy with it .
 this Hayward product works great ! We had doubts when we purchased how effective it would be , but it does a good job . basically covers entire pool , but sometimes needs a knudge to go to certain parts of pool .
 I purchased this for my husband for Father 's Day and he loves it . The cleaner works very well and saves him a lot of time in maintaining the pool . I highly recommend !
 Product works great . I 've had one before , it just needed to be replaced bc it has been several years . I love it . Just hooked it up , and it worked perfectly . Pool is spotless . We have a good pump and that helps it get over the uneven areas in the pool since we installed the liner ourselves . Saves me tons of time .
 I have a 16 x 48 Ultra Intex Pool and was always tired of trying to vaccum the bottom of pool with my pole attachement . I know a someone that had the Hayward Bug so I borrowed it prior to purchase to see if it would work since I do have some indentions in bottom of my pool . I hooked the bug up and came back in a few hours to find a completely clean pool bottom ! IT WORKED GREAT!I ordered my bug the next day which was delived super fast by Amazon and was easy to set up and get running . I will say I upgraded my pool pump prior to this purchase to a 2650 Intex Sand / Salt system since the cell on the pump system that came with the pool was no good after 3 years . The old pump also had filters which filled up and slowed down circulation with in days so I would not recommend if you are running the Intex pumps with filters.I love not having to spend time vaccuming my pool by hand !
 This little lady -LRB- bug -RRB- works like a charm ! We had a dust storm the day before she arrived , so our above ground pool -LRB- Intex Sequoia model -RRB- was pretty dirty ! We put our Aqua Bug in the pool and she got off to a bit of a slow start . My husband took the directional jet off and hooked it up directly to the pump fitting on the inside of the pool and this thing just goes , turns , goes , twirls , goes ... the pool is crystal clear . AMAZING ! Best $ $ we 've spent in awhile . ZERO complaints ! I suggest if your little Lady is getting stuck in a position , check to see if you have a direction jet on the inside wall of your pool where you connect her hose ... take that off if you do , and you 'll be amazed . Our pool has never stayed this clean :-RRB- if we could only figure out how to have the Aqua Bug AND the skimmer running at the same time , we 'd never have to clean the pool again.If your pool is dirty , make sure you clean out the filter regularly while she 's doing her job because it will need rinsing a bit more often!Good luck!HIGHLY RECOMMEND !
 The product works great ! Just as advertised . The best part is the small issue I had with the order was 1000000 % handled professionally and super fast by the seller . Definitely would buy from them again . The Whale cleaned my pool overnight , which included a lot of debris on the floor .
 If you buy this for an intex pool make sure you get the hayward leaf canister to go with it if not you have to back wash too often other than that she works well
 I like this product . It works . Follow the directions and your pool will be cleaner . If your pool is dirty beyond recognition , hire someone to clean it . If you want an adjunct pool tool to make your life easier , this is it . We call our bug Beetlejuice .
 It beats vacuuming for 20 minutes . Just hook it up to pools skimmer return and sit back and watch it suck up all the dirt or go off and do something important like get a bear and watch the game . Great for all above ground pools.I recommend it
 This little Aqua Bug works wonderfully ! I was a little skeptic thinking that this was gon na do an effective job cleaning the pool , but was plesantly surprised when I went and checked it out and saw this `` little bugger '' really did clean all the debris off the bottom of the pool . A great product that I would absolutely reccomend !
 My husband was sceptical , but then he loved it . Said I did good . Saves a lot of time and its too hot to be cleaning out side in Texas .
 The product works well . However , I was n't aware I needed a larger filter pump until after I received it . The necessary size of pump to make it work correctly should be included in the advertisement .
 It has been in use for only a few weeks but so far it is money well spent . It does a great job cleaning the pool floor . I read other reviews before ordering it . I would agree with all the positive reviews .
 My only complaint is the box or anything I read about this product does not give what size of pool it works best on . I needed extra hose . Other that that diver Dave is excellent .
 We bought Diver Dave for our above ground pool to save time in keeping the pool clean . We just love him ! We put him in the pool when we are done and an hour or two later go back and the bottom of the pool is clean . Our pool is a hard side pool with a ladder and he roams around on his own . Only thing he can sometimes get stuck on the steps , but that 's only happened a couple of times . Anyone looking for help in keeping the bottom clean - Diver Dave is for you .
 We have a 15,000 gallon `` on-ground '' vinyl liner pool . Oak trees hover . Leaves abound . Tree frogs donate eggs nightly . Diver Dave is on the job.He 's been working without a hitch for 3 weeks now . I 'll plug him in the skimmer and he buzzes around , powered by my Hayward 1.5 hp pump . I actually have to draw a little water thru the main drain or the suction is a little too strong and precludes good movement . In a couple of hours the pool is completely clean . I brush the pool down as I drop `` Dave '' in and let the pump run . No manual vacuuming since he started on the job.What 's cool ? 1 . Dave looks fun . Who would believe that a lady bug could hold their breath that long anyway ? 2 . Small and easy to store on his day off .3 . Assembly took about 3 minutes and installation involved plugging a hose into the bottom of the skimmer .4 . Quick , efficient and cheap ! What could be better?What 's not ? 1 . Small twigs can be pulled into the body and `` jam '' the impeller which essentially drives `` Dave '' . A small black impeller `` wheel '' is driven by the `` current '' of the water as it is sucked back to the filter . This wheel drives the gears that make dave move around the pool . If he stops moving , pull the hose off the top and look down Dave 's neck and look for something jammed in this black impeller . A quick shake and he 's back to work .2 . Without the `` sold separately '' leave basket -LRB- which attaches in-line -RRB- one must empty the pump strainer basket of leaves and such as Dave sucks them up . A very small issue , but I 'm thinking about getting this inline strainer myself.Dave is work -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks , unless you love pushing that old , heavy , clunker of a manual vacuum around the bottom of your pool.I know I do n't miss it ! Good luck !
 Awesome little fellow , do need to keep an eye on him , sometime he tips over and ca n't right himself . Make sure no wrinkles in liner , does a better job than manual pool cleaning . Great price , I am very glad I purchased it . If your a seriuos above grond pool owner than this is more than worth his price .
 I researched several different products and decided on the Hayward Diver Dave automatic above ground pool cleaner . It works great . We had it up and running in no time . The only issue we had was that we had to buy additional hose in order for the cleaner to go around the pool as it was supposed to . I believe it has enough hose to probably do a 24 ' . Ours is a 27 ' round pool and so we purchased 3 additional hoses . Other than that issue , it is a good little unit and the price from Amazon was better than what we could 've purchased here locally . Glad we bought it .
 I am very happy with this vacuum it has saved me several hours a week . We live in a very dusty environment with trees all around the pool , so we constantly have dust and leaves . We call it ` Dave ' , we put him in a couple hours in the morning and the pool is ready for the day . I would highly recommend Diver Dave .
 I have an in-ground liner pool -LRB- 18 x 36 -RRB- that I have maintained for eight years . I have always used suction side pool cleaners with success . I started with a Kreepy Krawley for in-ground pools that was somewhat expensive at about $ 400 . It did well -LRB- except it got caught on the ladder and bottom drain fairly often -RRB- but after five years it was not in a condition to keep refurbishing with parts . The exterior plastic was degrading overall.Next I tried a Dirt Devil that did just as good a job as the Kreepy Krawley , but it was for above ground pools -LRB- again worked just fine -RRB- and cost only about $ 150 dollars . It was great for the price.Now Diver Dave -LRB- at about $ 100 -RRB- is doing the best job of all ! It does not get caught on the ladder or the main drain . It is smaller and faster . It is sold for above ground pools but it is just fine for in-ground pools as well . How could it tell the difference anyway ? I do n't get that.So , do not hesitate to buy one of these -LRB- or Wanda the whale , the bug , etc. . . they are all the same -RRB- . I got Dave because he does n't have a protruding tail like Wanda or antennae like the bug to get in the way or to require replacement down the road -RRB- . Other than my dogs growling at Dave 's big eyes down in the clear pool , I 'd say he 's just right !!!
 This is not only the cheepest auto . sweeper i ever bought but it is the best . I have a 24 '' pool and i also have steps in it . This is the only sweeper I 've owned that does not get hung up on the steps . I was skeptical at first because it looks like a toy but after reading all the reviews i took a chance and it is worth it . This is my 3rd auto sweeper and so far the best . It is a bit slow but it cleaned my pool in about 2 hrs i just opened it after winter and the floor really needed it . I went with wanda instead of the others because of the 900 , I do n't know if this makes a differance but i ca n't complain .
 We ordered this to keep the bottom of our pool clean and it works like a charm cleaning every area of the pool . Just drop it in and let it go , easy to work .
 I 've used this cleaner a few times now and it seems to work very well . Sometimes leaves and debris will stick in the bug and fall back into the pool when removing it , but that is a minor complaint . I 'm very happy with the purchase .
 The best purchase I 've made for my pool yet . I have an above ground 24 ' pool , and Dave does great . Set up was a breeze , and he managed to clean the entire floor of my pool in about 2 hours . I 've spent 3 summers breaking my back trying to keep the pool clean , and I can tell you , I really look forward to more time playing in the pool instead of cleaning it . For $ 100 , there 's nothing better you can buy for your pool that will keep it as clean . Thanks , Hayward , for a great product !
 I ordered my Diver Dave cleaner and received it pronto ! Was amazed with the amount of time it took to assemble . Once I got it in the pool it did an amazing job . Very happy/satisfied with this product . It is a lifesaver !
 I just got this yesterday and it really takes only 10 minutes to set up . The main body is pre-assembled , so it 's basically a matter of connecting hose sections until you 've got enough , removing a sticker and plugging the hose into both the base and your skimmer or vacuum port -LRB- it includes a conical `` wedge '' that adapts to venturis of varied width -RRB- . Then it 's a matter of sinking the `` bug '' -LRB- easy -RRB- and filling the hose with water -LRB- less easy - I unplug the pump then open the pump-attached strainer basket lid so as to remove the vacuum -RRB- . The little guy scoots right along , much faster than I expected . It quickly cleaned our 15 ' round pool . My only issue with the current setup is that floating stuff does n't get strained when I use the bug , as obviously I disabled the strainer basket to use it . I plan a trip to the hardware store to get some pipes and shut-off valves so that I can have both in use simultaneously . Nevertheless , I wholeheartedly endorse this product . It 's very much worth the cost !
 product works as describe and was a wonder as it cleans the pool.this is not a toy it works almost perfectly but I doubt how long it will last since every component of it is made of plastic or rubber.It worth the pay say to speak if it survives this summer or last for two summer .
 It 's actually a very good product . Unfortunately , it depends on the pool 's filter pump for its suction , and my pump was n't strong enough -LRB- primarily because of a too-small hose adapter in my side wall.It 's fun to watch it move around the pool . It did not seem to cover my entire pool bottom , but it got close.My friend absolutely LOVES his .
 This vacuum works well in the pool . Hook it up and put it in the pool and leave it overnight . I recommend this item to anyone with a pool .
 this vacuum works like a charm . saves me from spending hours a week vacuuming my Intex 18ft circular pool . Just plop it in and hook up to my sand filter and off it goes . gets the pool crystal clear in no time .
 Love it . Does a great job and looks cute . Great price too . I recommend it to anyone with an above ground pool
 I love this pool cleaner ! Wanda is very easy to set up and take apart.I went from a manual vaccum on a pole to just dropping her in and letting her do her thing . Made my life a whole lot easier
 We have a 27 ft. round above ground pool . I would vaccuum the pool everyday . At first I was nervous Wanda 's hose would not reach all around the pool , but it did . I did n't think she would really clean the pool that great , and she did ! Wanda works hard and manages to pick up all debris on the bottom of the pool . Great investment for anal pool owners .
 This is one of the few items I have ever purchased that does exactly what the manufacturer claims . I have an Intex 18 ' x 54 '' Sequoia Spirit pool and Wanda works perfectly . I do have the larger sand filter that comes with this pool . This from what I hear makes a large difference in the performance of a cleaner . With my pool fairly dirty from overhanging oaks and their debris , I installed Wanda first time and after just an hour and a half the pool was spotless . For the low price of this unit on Amazon I can not think of money spent more worth while .
 My grand-daughters picked `` Wanda '' for my pool . I have severe arthritis and ca n't keep my pool vacuumed . Wanda has saved the day !! The best thing I ever bought . The price was right too . She does get behind my ladder , but if you give her a short time , she turns around and comes out ! Now my pool is always clean and ready to swim in . I only wish I could of found her years ago !!! Thanks Hayward for such a great product !
 The Wanda the Whale Above-Ground Automatic Pool Cleaner is a sufficient product . You can put this vacuum in the pool and leave it for a few hours and come back to a relatively clean pool . I would still suggest cleaning the pool manually every other time because this vacuum is not as effective as a manual cleaning . Sometimes the vacuum will turn over in the pool or get stuck in the corner by the steps , but overall it is a nice product that does what it says it will .
 We have a 16 ft intex heavy duty -LRB- the grey one -RRB- frame pool . I must admit that unless you have an upgraded sand filter pump , this vac may not perform well . We have a sandfilter pump with the intex salt water generator . This is our second year having Wanda . I usually take and hook wanda up -LRB- about 5 mins -RRB- on Friday mornings for about 2 hours and the pool is sparkling clean for the weekend . I do remove the intex ladder so that wanda will get in that area of the pool . Wanda does move in an awkard circular/straight pattern on the pool floor and sometimes she leans over a bit when she gets close to the jet pushing water back into the pool , but she will work herself back to cleaning and clean the entire pool . We do n't have any leaves that fall in our pool but we get a ton of beetles , aints , grass debree , etc -LRB- smaller stuff -RRB- and wanda has no problems picking it all up and sending it to sandfilter via the hoses included . For the price of $ 100 she has worked great . All we do is fill up the pool , add salt and some minor chemicals at the beginning of the season . . then run wanda once/twice a week throughout the season . I rarely use a net to scoop out bugs because our sandfilter and wanda keep the pool clean . Wanda has been a great small investment for our needs and has saved me the headache of keeping our pool clean throughout the swimming season . One small detail ... on the intex pools , the suction jet that the skimmer/wanda hooks up to as a non-removable plastic screen to catch debri ... you will need to clean this out at least once a week or it may force the sandfilter pump to pull harder if blocked . Have a net handy when cleaning because you will find that it catches small bugs and stuff , and as soon as you remove the hose from it , they will start floating in the pool . I wished intex had made this part of pool a little bit better in design .
 I bought this on a referral when my manual vacuum broke . The unit works very well . Two things should be noted to potential buyers.A . -RRB- The unit does n't `` scrub '' the floor of your pool like you would with a conventional vacuum . Instead , these units actually have flappers that `` padder '' along the liner , agitating any sediment back into suspension , then sucking this `` dirty '' water up the vacuum opening and into your pool filter . I have found it will not remove some more stubborn debris or debris trapped in the wrinkles of you liner . However , in the long run , I must guess this process is more gentle on your vinyl liner than daily `` scrub '' vacuuming.B . -RRB- In some cases -LRB- mine included -RRB- , in order to hook the cleaner to your pump line , you must circumvent the skimmer basket . Not a deal breaker by any means , but does mean large debris will now get caught in your pump basket instead of the more convenient skimmer basket.Overall , the convenience of automatic cleaning and the excellent price make this a purchase I am very happy with .
 My 1 star ratings is because the questions were regards to this being a TOY , it 's NOT a toy , but a pool vacuum !!! My 5 star rating is because it does do an excellent job of cleaning the pool . We purchased Wanda the Whale approx 1 month ago . Very easy setup . Very good pool cleaner . I was so happy with my purchase . Until 3 days ago . To my dismay , Wanda cut four 2 '' gashes in the bottom of our pool liner . We had set it up , left the house for approx 3 hrs , to find that our pool water line had dropped 8 '' , far below our pool skimmer ! Wanda had gotten stuck on a part of our pool liner where we had a indentation in the sand under our pool liner . It is an awesome pool vacuum . I was really pleased with it , but beware ! If you have any imperfections in the surface of your liner , i.e. , creases in the liner , indentations in the sand beneath , it could be disasterous ! Another caution , remove your ladder or purchase a ladder bumper . Wanda had wandered and became stuck under our pool ladder within the first use . Thankfully , I had caught it before the damage was done . I 'm not trying to discourage your purchase , it does work great , but if you have any imperfections in sand surface or liner , stick with the old fashion vacumming method . You may have a clean pool with Wanda , but no water left in your pool if not caught in time !
 This is a great above ground pool cleaner . Its our second Hayward pool cleaner . We bought the Hayward Aqua Bug above ground pool cleaner last year and fell in love . It is an amazing product , we hardly had to clean the pool all summer long . Apparently we were n't the only ones who loved it because a family of rats made it their home over the winter and chewed out the Aqua bugs inner parts . RATS ! So we had to get another one , why not the ladybug again ? Well , we chose Wanda the Whale because it is the 900 model and the Aqua Bug is only the 500 model so we though we would try the latest model . The whale seems to move faster than the Aqua Bug and still do a great job cleaning the bottom of the pool , even over the bottom wrinkles we could not get out .
 Wanda the Whale cleans the bottom of my pool just fine . It 's pretty much like having a couple of teenagers doing it
 We recently purchased Diver Dan and could n't be more pleased . We have tried a few cleaners with no success at all . Diver Dan has made keeping our pool clean a breeze . My husband was sold just the 2nd time we tried Dave out . Very easy hook-up as well . This product is wonderful and our pool has not looked better ! Highly recommend .
 Hayward Aqua Bug worked very well . I was replacing an older one , and wish I had done it earlier . It gets the job done well , and the pool bottom is clean and the pool looks really good !
 I was sceptical when I bought the yellow version beginning of this summer , now my only regret is not getting it 2 years ago , I have a 24 F above ground with a lot of wrinkles in the liner , it gets a lot leaves and debris from the many trees on my property but this little vacuum cleans it in 3-4 hours , it never gets stuck on wrinkles or ladder , did n't have to use the manual vacuum all summer , what a relief.It seems most of the negative review are made by owners with Intex pools , for a regular `` permanent '' above ground pool you ca n't beat this vacuum . I only take out when using the pool , otherwise it stays in , simply connect the hose to the skimmer every other day , let the skimmer clean the surface one day and the vacuum clean the bottom one day for a crystal clear pool water.Like any other vacuum , make sure you have a leaf strainer attached to your pump 's intake.For a 24 f pool use all the hose sections , if you have a smaller pool only use enough sections to allow the vacuum to reach the far end of your pool.One complaint I have is the hose , one of the section connecters is not tight enough and sometimes comes when I fill the hose with water from the filter return .
 Excellent product . This is the second one I own . The first one last me 7 years . I seen some bad reviews from a few people . Most likely , poor performance would come from poor installation -LRB- ex
 Bought this for my 16 foot by 32 foot rectangular above ground pool . Have had it for about 4 weeks now . Works good IF and I say IF your pool filter pump is at least 1 hp . Preferably more , but my 1 hp pool filter pump is adequate if I have backwashed it and the leaf trap is cleaned prior to hook up . This is necessary in order to have sufficient intake suction as Diver Dave is attached to the intake side of the pool pump and operates well if there is sufficient suction . Take ladder out as well as any pool toys , etc. . NOTE
 We went from the Polaris Turtle to Diver Dave for our above ground pool . I can tell you that I took my laptop out to the pool , played the DVD , and had him going in 15 minutes . The only thing that really stinks about it is priming the hoses -LRB- filling them with water -RRB- because you get a little wet doing that , but he is fairly easy to get going . The only drawback to him is we have a lot of bugs ... Japanese beetles , June bugs , etc and they like hanging out on his hose . So after I take him out , I use my kids `` dollar store '' butterfly net and sit on the edge of the pool and catch the bugs . You will need the leaf canister , because all the pool debris goes into the pump filter because you are bypassing the skimmer filter since you take it out . He is slow but he does the job . Also you must turn the return -LRB- where your water comes in -RRB- to face down . If you do n't do that , he will not be able to go over past that area where the `` current '' is .
 I dont know why some people complain about it not cleaning properly , its just like a Roomba , if you just let it go without maintnencing it then it will not clean well . I used this with my intex pool and intex pool pump with salt water chlorinator . With that said , the day I clicked order I stopped vacuming my pool by hand and I let the dirt build up in my pool . It took about a week to get to my front door . Instantly I opened it up and I popped the DVD into the dvd player while I took everything out . The DVD explains everything -LRB- especially how much hose to use . This is huge ! -RRB- After wards I went and I installed it , I turned my pump on and BLAM ! it started roving my pool bottom . I just left it on all night because it was dark when I turned it on so I did not want to wait but in the morning I headed down stairs only to await a nice clean pool.A reason some people might complain is because I let it continue and at the end of the day there was some dirt back in the pool . THIS IS NOT THE WHALES FAULT IT IS YOURS ! What I found is jus as if I had vaccumed by hand , if you have a paper filter pump you have to clean it out because if you dont the pressure from the pump will eventually force part of the dirt back into the pool . So take two I let it run for 3 hours , I went outside I stopped it I cleaned the filter which was nastier than ever ! I put the filter back , I took the whale out then I let the pump run for the rest of the day just to see if the dirt built up and it didnt just like I wanted.This whale does not do everything , it cleans and that is it , it is up to you to clean your filter because if you dont it will end up back in your pool . Also do not leave the whale in the pool especially if you have a salt water pool , the salt will start to coat the whale and ruin it . It hasnt happened to me but I know it will happen since anything that I have left in the pool for week ends up like this . Good luck with your purchase it works well !
 I have used the flapper type automatic cleaners for the past 2 years . They drove me nuts always tangled or the hammer sticks etc. . I was not sure about Diver dave , but was more than pleased . It cleaned my 16x32 oval pool perfectly . I even have the leaf canister on with it . No issues no tangles just a clean pool . Highly recommend it . It 's hard to not lokk at it like a toy and look elsewhere , but trust me for the money it works great cleans up everything and had no heavy draw on my pool filter .
 I bought my first aquabug many years ago when they were made out of blue plastic , and did n't look like a bug -LRB- they sold for three hundred bucks back then -RRB- ... Think it was called an aquabot . It lasted about 3 years before the gears inside stripped . The first week I tried it I threw the old manual vacuum right in the trash I kept the hoses and bought a second one -LRB- orange -RRB- that has been running for about 10 years now . Each year one of the hoses breaks and has to be replaced , so I am glad that I saved the hoses from the first one . I also replace the 4 rubber feet each season that I found online for ten bucks . To help with some of the problems others have had here ... When you pull the vac out , separate the hoses and lay them FLAT . If left coiled the hoses develope a `` memory '' and will stay coiled keeping the vac from reaching the far side of the pool ... You must have a FLAT pool bottom . A neighbor has an above ground pool with a very `` deep end '' . I tried my vac in his pool and it could n't get out of the deep end ... When you run the vac , unscrew that directional `` ball '' thingy from the return nozzle . This way it wo n't be so forceful and constantly `` blow '' the floating hose across the pool , keeping the vac at one end ... Also the black bumper/ring around the bottom of the vac MUST be free to spin . Every once in a while the ring would jump off of one of its wheels causing the vac to get stuck ... Some people in the poor review section stated that the vac must have made holes in their liners ... that is too silly ! I figure my vac has run about 720 hours a season for the last 10 seasons . That is 7,200 hours . Same liner , no leaks.I am here to buy my third one . My second one still runs great , but I am out of replacement hoses . I also figure 10 years is it 's lifespan . I am in the northeast , so I do n't use my pool -LRB- 21 ' round -RRB- year round but , I do run my pump 12 hours a day , and the vac is in every other day . The vac does have quite a bit of mileage on it I also have a Jacuzzi Avalanch 80 DE filter that is oversized for the size of my pool , but the water is crystal clear . I converted to salt water this year and the vac still runs the same ... Hope this helps
 This is our second automatic pool cleaner from Hayward . before we moved we had the Lady Bug and left it at our old house . We bought another above ground pool here and decided to get Wanda the Whale this time . She works great , really cute , cleans the pool in no time at all and does a thorough job . It really saves my husband 's back from using a regular pool vacuum . The price at Amazon was the best price in town . I always try to buy from Amazon .
 We bought Wanda and a leaf catcher to work together to rid our pool of yucky , nasty stuff on the bottom of our pool . Wanda works great except for once in a while she gets her hose/tether in a bunch and it gets twisted and she kinda get 's tipsy . Once you help her to right her ways , she sucks pool dirt away like a champ . My kids love watching Wanda her little dance around the pool .
 have a round above ground pool and purchased the aqua bug to help with the cleaning . mine is a 20 ' round pool and this little guy cleans it in about 3 hours . hose does tend to tangle sometimes so i would advise the makers to install a rotating hose attachment to end this minor problem . my hose is 30 ' long so that may be part of the problem too .
 This cleaner does NOT work with standard Intex pumps . Worked fantastic after we upgraded our pump and filter.Hayward S210T93S Pro Series 21-Inch 1-1/2 - Horsepower Top-Mount Pool Sand FilterNow we have crystal clear water and our Aqua Bug keeps the floor of our 18 ' above ground pool amazingly clean . Only regret is that we did n't buy the `` two-speed '' Hayward pump , but did purchace the optional timer add-on for the pump .
 Diver dave works great . Just attach it to your skimmer port and he will keep your pool clean .
 Hayward 900 Wanda the Whale Above-Ground Automatic Pool CleanerThis is a great product . We had bought an Aqua Bug , and it did a wonderful job . We needed additional hose for our 21 x 41 above ground pool . Instead of purchasing additional hose , we decided to order another cleaner just for the fact that the price is great and if something happened to our AquaBug , we would have a backup . Both are great products . I have never written a review before , but we are so pleased with these cleaners , we felt it was worth taking a few minutes to highly recommend this to others .
 It came within less than 24hrs and it is cleaning very well . I love it !
 This has been perfect fur us . The pool is a 24 ' round , traditional steel pool with vinyl liner , with a flat bottom . The kids are off at college , working summer jobs , etc , so they are not around to take care of the pool any more . My wife and I enjoy a dip after an evening run or bike ride , but all too often , the pool needs vacuuming before we 'll want to go in , and so a quick dip after a run turns into , at best , an unwelcome chore.Enter Diver Dave . Within five minutes of opening the box -LRB- which was right when we opened the pool for the season -RRB- , it was in the water doing its thing . It will sometimes get stuck against a wall or at the ladder , but it always eventually finds its way out of the jam . In about 2 hours , it 's done a good job on the whole pool . So far this season -LRB- as of mid-July -RRB- , I have not had to vacuum the pool by hand . Best $ 100 I ever spent on a pool .
 Just put it in the pool and let it do it 's job . It did n't pick up the big stuff at the bottom such as leave pieces but did get rid of the lines of silt and sand that formed in the bottom . Beats using anything else we have tried in the past .
 The Aqua bug is very easy to use and works great . We are using it with salt water and no problems .
 Easy to put together . Short video tutorial . Worked great but only for a couple of days . We followed the manufacturer 's tips to trouble shoot but did n't help . The return process with Amazon was quick and easy . The second one arrived in just a couple of days . The new one is swimming around my pool now and keeping the bottom beautifully clear . I hope it works for a long time because when it works it 's amazing !
 Just received Dave and we thought he would not work well because our pool has alot of wrinkles and very uneven bottom , but he does better than expected . He worked ok with the regular filter system that came with the pool but we decided to upgrade to a sand filter system . He even works better now . I recommend Diver Dave to any above ground pool owner .
 This product save my summer ! This is by far the best investment for our pool ever ! We have an in-ground sports pool and this little bug does the trick ! Speedy delivery , great quality ... excellent price ! Needed to purchase extensions as 32 ' was not long enough to cover our pool . Highly recommend ! Thank you for saving hours off pool maintenance .
 I highly recommend this product for above ground pool owners . Just put Wanda in and let her work . Come back later to a clean pool .
 This was a life saver for me . It works well and I am very pleased with it . I reccomend it .
 This product works very well . I have a small above ground pool and this vacuum cleans it quickly and efficiently . The only con is that it sometimes gets hooked up on the stairs but it 's no problem to just move it a little and it continues on its ' way !
 Cleaner worked very well . Connected to pump and just let it go . Used for the entire season . Savedtime for me not having to clean the pool any longer .
 I really like this product . Saves me so much time and really worked on an above ground seasonal pool . Does take a lot of time , but you do n't have to stick around for it to do it 's thing so not a big issue . Occasionally got clogged with leaves but overall a great product .
 We have a 17x29 Splash Super pool . This worked great keeping our pool clean last summer . However , I will probably pick up couple extra hose pieces because she ca n't quite reach the last few feet of the pool .
 You still have to skim leaves off the top of the pool and keep the filter clean , but the Bug really gets the bottom clean . It crawls over the uneven bottom of our above ground pool with no trouble . It really works well .
 I have had this for almost 2 weeks now . It works great randomly going back and forth and vacuuming the pool . You might need to buy the separate leaf canister to hook it up to your pool -LRB- I did -RRB- . I have a 1.5 horsepower Hayward pump and a 24ft round pool and it will look great after just a couple of hours . I bought an under bed plastic storage bin to keep all the hoses in so they wo n't get bent.The only problem I have had is that tulip poplar seed pods are just the right size to get stuck in the suction opening . So if I look out and see the bug just kinda stuck in the same place for awhile I have to go out , turn off the pump , pull the critter out of the pool and then use a set of needle nose pliers to remove the pod . Its only happened twice so far ... but I have only used it maybe 10 times.But that is more of a problem with pool placement . It can handle the leaves just fine .
 My husband spent many hours trying to get the little pieces at the pool bottom , now diver Dan gets them all . Our pool has never looked so good and my husband does n't have the work .
 It took me a few times to get it to work , but it was because the filter system was not working properly - once I gotthat corrected , it works great - it takes a while but it gets the entire pool cleaned - even behind the ladder - its fun to see it working too , - it looks like it has a mind of its own - glad I purchased it ! Highly recomended .
 I was n't sure how well this would work , but I was very pleased . I have several large oak trees near my pool so leaves are always a problem . I dropped Wanda in and let her run for about 6 hours while doing yard work . When i came back the pool was spotless . I checked on her from time to time , but she never stopped , turned over , or got stuck .
 I bought Wanda and she is excellent . She made a hard job easy , she gets small leaves , dead algae growth and dirt.She saves us so much time in the hot sun hand vacuuming and does a better job than we do . Oh yes she does work well with the larger Intex pools ours is the 24 ' x 52 '' round , but she will not work with the cheap filter pumps Intex sells with the pools.We did replace the cheap pump with a Hayward 1.5 HP pump ProMatrix the second swim season we had the pool -LRB- we are into our fourth season now -RRB- . We do keep an eye on Wanda every hour or so.She cruises over small wrinkles with ease and gets into the small indentations with no problem , she even gets into the rounded corners . As far as I 'm concerned Wanda is the best investment we 've made next to the filter pump for our pool.Hayward makes quality products and I stick by them!Remember the bigger your pool the more time it will take Wanda or her counterparts to clean the pool.I would say to anyone who has a large Intex pool that your greatest investment is the filter.You need a strong enough pump to pump the 15,000 gals + and get the filtration you need to keep the water clean . Zeolite/Zeosand works the best in large filter systems and you use half the amount it would take if you used just D.E or sand.Better than paying Intex $ 10 + dollars every week or two for their cheap filter cartridges that do n't do squat.Simply said Intex filter pumps are cheaply made and to small to do the job properly.Bigger filter = saving money and time .
 Bought it for a 16x32 pool works pretty damn good . Need more hose attachments for my size pool . I would recommend this for smaller pools . Or buy extra hoses . Just be careful who is the company sending it to you . I received a used one with dead bugs in it . But I called to complain and they overnighted a new one the next day and picked up used one . So they were cool about it .
 Absolutely love it ! I was afraid since we do n't have a very flat bottom -LRB- lots of indentions -RRB- it would not pick up good , but it does a great job !! Only regret is we did n't get one of these years ago !!!
 I have an Intex above ground pool - 14 feet by 42 inch . This summer I replaced the underpowered cartridge filter with an Intex sand filter . This weekend , I added in a Diver Dave to the mix.Diver Dave is the same device as the Aquabug and Wanda Whale , just a differently decorated plastic housing.Dropped Dave in the pool , set the pump to run a couple of hours and came back to a much cleaner pool . Dave had cleaned up the dirt on the bottom and all but one leaf.Dave wanders around the bottom of the pool randomly . If you watch him , he will occasionally get stuck for a few moments or even tilt up on his side . However , give him a minute or two , and Dave will work his way out of the tight spot or get upright again.Decent price , works for me . I 'm impressed.For an Intex pool , this is a bit of a DIY project since Intex pools are supplied with underpowered pump/filter combinations and non-standard fittings . I am fairly certain that Dave would NOT work with the pump/cartridge filter supplied with my Intex pool . Plus , I was able to easily connect Dave to the suction side of my pool only because I have replaced the skimmer with a more standard -LRB- Non-Intex -RRB- one made for above ground pools . Dave 's hose end just plugs in . If you have standard Intex fittings , you 'd need to work out a way to connect the end of the hose to the suction side of the system .
 I purchased this pool cleaner to replace a Kontiki cleaner that worked pretty well , but fell apart b/c I always left it in the pool -LRB- turns out that I can replace the part and keep it as a spare ... if I need it ! -RRB- . I unplugged my old one and plugged diver Dan up to my old hose -LRB- kept the new hose in the box -RRB- and dropped him in , turned the pool on and sat and watched . My first thought was , man he is so slow ! I gave up on watching him b/c it was like watching paint dry ... lol . When I returned about an hour or 2 later I was amazed on how clean the pool was . Diver Dan moves really slow but picks up all the dirt without disrupting the surrounding areas and thus makes my pool far cleaner than my old creepy crawler style cleaner ever could . Diver Dan does occasionally get hung up in spots on the bottom , but he eventually turns out of it . My old creepy could n't do that ! I love Diver Dan , although we did rename him to Scuba Steve !
 I have a 24 ' intex pool . The bottom is not that smooth in some areas . This product does a good job . Takes a little longer than I would like but eventually gets everything . I put it in when I do n't have time to do it by hand .
 We owned the Lil Shark before . Diver Dave is much better ! He has yet to get stuck on steps , etc. . In our 16x32 pool , it takes about 2.5 hrs to clean adequately . I would definitely recommend this product
 I purchased this cleaner to help with the daily chore of cleaning the pool , love the Aqua-Bug and its seemless wandering of the pool !! The only draw back is that if you have `` wrinkles '' in your pool it will hinder the `` bugs '' movement or even cause it to become `` confused '' , but dont worry your kids will love watching it swim around .
 Bottom line ... it works.I have an 18 ' pool and the 2650 gph pump with integrated leaf basket . I would n't recommend this for anyone using a pump w / cartridge filter system ... not likely to move enough water . When the 2650 gets a lot of debris in the basket , the whale slows to a halt even though the filter system is still flowing.I used it to help me open the pool . Occasionally wads of leaves had to be removed from the whale , but after 5 or 6 loads of leaves were removed from the filter basket on the pump and the same number of filter backflushes , all of the leaves were out . It would have taken me forever with a skimmer or my old little pool vac ... FOREVER ! It had no problems at all with the wrinkles in the bottom.Again , I would be surprised if it worked with cartridge filter systems . Also , not for impatient people . This is a game of odds , so if you ca n't stand the chaotic pattern of cleaning , do n't watch .
 I got this product , and has been working GREAT on my pool for 4 weeks now . Installation was very easy . And it 's even fun to watch her cleanNING the work instead of you!This product in combination with the intex saltwater chlorinator system , makes pretty much a NO-MAINTENANCE crystal clear water solution.I decided to buy this product when I was looking to change my pool filter/pump , which burnt after 5 yrs of use . While browsing in amazon , I saw this automatic pool cleaner , which was something I was looking into couple of years ago -LRB- but they were not good options then -RRB- . I read another review for the equivalent product `` Dave the diver '' saying that while the idea was good , it did not have enough suction power to remove debries from the pool floor . But I decided to give it a try anyway -LRB- I choose Wanda the Whale , though -RRB- . I `` upgraded '' my pump to remediate on the suction issue outlined . I chose the INTEX 2500 GPH Krystal Clear Pool Filter Pump w / Timer.For your information this is my Pool configuration : + Intex 15 ' round above ground frame pool , 42 '' depth . + Intex Saltwater clorinator system + Wanda the whale Automatic Pool Cleaner + Note that I have 2 solar heating pannels running on the same pool pump , and still provides sufficient succion for Wanda to operate great . + 18 ' solar cover -LRB- this does not affect the movement of Wanda 's hose -RRB- Good luck !
 We LOVE Wanda !!! We have went through quite a few pool cleaners with no satisfaction on the results . Decided to try Wanda after reading the other online reviews & could n't be happier . We have a 15 ' round Intex pool & the bottom has some patches & wrinkles . Put Wanda in & she kicked butt ! Suction is powerful & only one incident where she ate a small patch . Bought with the leaf canister & it 's all hands free . Went on vacation for 10 days , came home & the pool was a wreck with leaves , debris & a slight green tint . After 2 rounds with Wanda & a shock treatment it was good as new . Highly recommend !
 The day she arrived , we chunked her in the pool and off she went . It did n't take 5 minutes to figure everything out and begin . We had been saving some dirt for about a week for her and it was getting bad . We have a 27 ' round above ground pool and she had it spotless in a few hours . This thing is saving us at least 6 hours a week of vacuuming !! We have been using her for about a month now and love her . If she ever breaks , I am getting another one immediately .
 Wanda is worth every penny ! What a time saver ! Does exactly what it is supposed to do . No more vacuuming by hand . I ca n't beleive we did n't buy this from the beginning . She runs overnight & the next morning the pool is perfectly clean & ready to use . Only negative , for larger pools , additional hose must be purchased separately .
 My Aqua Bug does a great job . The only problem I see is that it is slow , you really need to keep your filter clean as a dirty filter slows it down . As far as it causing a hole as another reviewer reported , I do n't think it was the Aqua Bug , I see nothing at all on mine that could cause a hole .
 I have been resisting buying a automatic vacuum because of the expense and bother . It seems that all of my friends who have three to five hundred dollar vacs spend an inordinate amount of time and money fixing them every year . So for my small eighteen foot above ground I have resisted the bother and expense of an automatic vac.After reading the reviews here about Diver Dave and looking at the price of only 100 dollars I figured I 'd give it a try . Setup was a snap and I had him out of the box , setup and running in the pool in about the time it takes me to get the manual vac setup . There really is little to say after that . While I had another cup of coffee , trimmed the lawn and started planning my next job Dave had the pool vacuumed . Another couple of minutes , about the time it takes me to put away the manual vac , and Dave was stored away ready to use another day . Oh and did I mention he did a better job than me vacuuming the pool ? Its not a function of the efficiency of the vacuum but rather of patience , Dave just keeps vacuuming long after I would have said enough or would have sped up and stirred up the bottom.At $ 100 , if he lasts , Dave is the best thing I have bought for pool maintenance since the automatic chlorinator .
 Excellent product ; since we purchased it , we do not have to bother to do any manual cleaning - Aqua Bug do the work for us . It catches all small debris on the bottom and it works perfect with out Intex sand pump and saltwater clear system .
 This item is still running and cleaning my pool after about three years . I very seldomly have to use the manual vaccuum .
 I have had this product for several years and absolutely can not live without it . Let me say , the first couple of years I owned my above ground pool , I did the ole push and vacuum with the pole type that you typically get in your package when you purchase an above ground . Takes FOREVER ! Needless to say , I eventually bought this vacuum reluctantly as I had no idea how well it would work . I have a 24 ft pool with a Hayward 1.5 HP sand filter . This item was like a dream come true ! I usually will hook it up later in the evening -LRB- only on days I feel vacuuming is needed -RRB- and I let it run all night . Usually a couple of hours will do the trick as well when you need a quick clean up before using the pool . I do n't recommend people in the pool - I actually never thought that anyone would think that would be ok -- so just putting it out there as I see on some reviews seems that has happened.After having this I will NEVER go without it . You hook it up which is easy enough and walk away . Initially I had trouble with it tilting over at the bottom of the pool and just spinning its wheels . In my case , I have to re-direct the water return spout in the pool so that the return water is basically shooting straight out and just under the water level . Not sure what is usual for most people , but I typically have mine directed to one side so the water circulates AROUND the pool . This was causing an under current , making the bug vacuum tilt over . So , you just have to re-direct it while you 're vacuuming.If you 've never had this type of vaccuum , it does connect to your skimmer which means it sends all debris in your pool straight to the pump/filter . If you have leaves or large debris , you have to remember to periodically check the basket located in your pump to clean the big stuff out and not allow it to congest and over work your pump . I usually get the big stuff out of my pool first -- so this is n't an issue.I 'm only on here looking at these because my vacuum bug is not moving around as it should . I 've checked the the pressure from the pump and the suction the vacuum is pulling -LRB- which matters -RRB- . All is well there and my next option is to take it apart to see if it has debris needing removed . I 've had this thing for at least 6-7 years and have never had any problems , never taken it apart to clean it . If I need to buy another for the price listed above , TRUST ME , money very well spent : -RRB-
 THIS IS A GREAT LITTLE MACHINE . JUST HOOK HIM UP AND LET HIM WALK ALL NIGHT , WAKE UP TO A NICE CLEAN POOL.DIVER DAVE DOES NOT COST MUCH AND IS WOTH EVERY PENNY.GOOD BYE .
 Opened Box put in water works great ! I have a above ground Intex pool . Hooks up fine to my vaccume attacment .
 I looked at many different products when trying to find the right one and finally decided to get this one not sure if it would work with the type pool that I have even after reading reviews I still was n't sure . However I have a 18x52 softside Summer Escapes pool that the pump is attached to the side and it works perfect . I did notice a few comments about the leaves well I have a oak tree so I would highly suggest getting the leaf catcher it also picked up sand out the bottem of my pool to . I do n't understand why some reviews said it did n't in their pool . Maybe the filer needed to be cleaned for better vaccuming or sumthing but I have to say one thing it does n't like to pick up small things but it was not the vaccums fault but the skimmer basket.I was not about to send it back b/c of that so I just got a flour sack which is made out of the same thing the hand held vacs that come with most pools have and wraped it around my skimmer basket then attacked the vaccum and it picked up everything I MEAN EVERYTHING sand , you name it , it was awesome . If they would come up with smaller holes or a net bag of some sort to place over the skimmer basket to catch the things that goes through the holes it would be perfect .
 From order to delivery was exceptionally fast . Ordering , easy . Product works great . Beats spending time cleaning . Just brush down sides at night then in morning drop him in and let him do the work for you !!! Few hours later take him out and swim . Makes maintenance a breeze . Love it !!!
 I have had a pool for many years and never liked vacuuming . I wish I had one of these years ago . Worked great right out of the box . Just right for a 24 foot above ground pool .
 We have an above ground pool and could not get up all the dirt and dead bug bodies off the bottom of the pool . I bought this because I had to find something that would help me and it has actual vacuum suction , unlike some of the other above ground filters . I attached it to my standard pool pump that comes with it and there was very little movement . The default pool pump that comes with most intex pools -LRB- the 1,000 GPH -RRB- :[ ... -RSB- is not strong enough to power this Bug . I now have 2500 GPH pump with a disposable `` B '' filter and it works like a dream.Because my water was so cloudy and yes it was balanced and I used the water clarifier . I also added aa couple handfuls of Cellulose fiber to my filter right through the basket because as the cellulose bonds to the fabric of the filter it requires the filter to strain more finely . This was not `` recommended '' by my local pool store - the clerk said he would not `` recommend '' it but in theory it should work . Not too though or it can clog up the filter - very little goes a long way and be ready to change your filter out after the initial cleaning.This is what it looks like :[ ... -RSB- My pool is the cleanest it has ever been . I spend minimal time cleaning leaves off the surface and actually get to enjoy my pool and not spend all my time cleaning it - this bug is AWESOME !!
 We have an intex 18 x 48 pool with an intex sand filter ! I ordered the additional leaf catcher to attach also . Our pool is sparkling clean ! Sometimes I do have to push her to an exact spot she doesnt visit ... but the bottom of the pool is spotless !
 we absolutely love wanda the whale . our pool is sparkling clean . this is the 3rd hayward automatic vacuum we have bought in the last 21 years . they make excellent products .
 After reading many of the reviews , I was a little hesitant to purchase this product . I was glad I decided to find out for myself . I had previously owned an Aqua bug years ago . They did n't offer the different models that are available now . I purchased it at a garage sale for $ 30.00 . It was beige and plain but constructed exactly the same . Well , what a time saver it turned out to be and wondered why I had n't gotten an automatic pool cleaner years earlier . When we moved to a new home , I left all the pool supplies for the new homeowners . Our plan was to put a built in pool in , but then the economy tanked and I ended up with an Intex Ultra frame pool . I have been manually vacuuming it for 5 years not realizing they had automatic pool cleaners for that type of pool . So , when I read the reviews that stated the bug did not work on the Intex pools , for reasons such as wrinkled liners , not moving , turning upside down , I was leery . I purchased it anyway and love it !! I am not sure what others are complaining about . Although , I do not have any wrinkles in my liner , that may be one reason . I am using an Intex 2500 gallon pool pump and hook it right to my intake valve by disconnecting my skimmer . It has enough power to move the aqua bug across the bottom of the pool picking up everything it moves across . I did not purchase the leaf canister yet which might eliminate one thing I do . Before and after vacuuming , I clean my cartridge filter with the hose to remove any previous debris build up . I replace my cartridges every week but I just like to make sure it vacuums properly and keeps the water pressure strong . I will eventually by the leaf canister to see if it eliminates that process . Just one more thing to make my life easier . If you have any questions let me know and I will try to help figure out why yours may not be working .
 We have been very pleased with our purchase of the Hayward 900 Wanda the Whale Pool Cleaner . It came in a very timely manner and included all of the parts and instructions that were needed to assembly . We had a hard time at first because it kept disconneting from the pump and would quit working . Once we got the correct connections it has worked without any problems . The only thing that would make this better would be if it had brushes on the sides so that it could clean the bottom crease and a few inches up the side .
 Powerful little Vac ! Wanda does a great job of keeping our Intex pool bottom sparkling ... I wish she climbed the walls too !!
 Love It !!! Wish I had purchased it sooner . She does move around the pool rather slowly , but she does a great job . A few hours , and the pool is clean . I have a few small wrinkles in my above ground liner , but she is able to get over them without a problem . Much easier than vacuuming by hand . Would definitely recommend this product to anyone with an above ground pool .
 Diver Dave has been fantastic ! My pool has never been so clean . I have an 18 ' x 32 ' above ground pool and I am the primary caretaker -LRB- and manual vacuuming of the pool has been killing my shoulders , I am a middle aged lady ! -RRB- - Diver Dave is easy and cleans it all up in several hours . Be sure to fill his suction hose with water from the inflow valve so that you do n't get a bunch of air in your system before you start the vacuum process . Ladder should also be removed so that he does n't get hung up on it . I do have some dips in my pool floor but he vacuums right over those , no problem . I used a suction flap-type auto cleaner before and it just did n't get the job done nor was it complete in its cleaning pattern . This gets a big thumbs up from me - wish I 'd bought one years ago !
 I like the Aqua Bug so much.Saves me so much time and work.Before i spent hours manually cleaning my pool , now I just putthe Bug in and it does the job for me.I recomend this to everyonewanting to save some time and of course some labor , lol.I have purchased other items from Amazon.com and I am very pleased , thanks Amazon .
 I had a aqua bug for about 10years and it broke so I tried something else and it did not work so well and I went back to my Aqua Bug I will not try something else again I keep in in the pool water all summer long and in the winter I keep it outside in a bin once you tried it you will never go back I wasted my money by trying something else
 I have to admit that I was n't expecting too much when I purchased Diver Dave . What a pleasant surprise when I inspected the pool after a few hours !!!! The bottom of the pool was completely dirt free . Diver Dave did a better job in 2 hours than I could ever do with the vacuum .
 The picture is exactly how it looks ! We have an above ground 27 ' pool with a ladder in it . Wanda Whale goes all over the pool and does a great job . She also has little soft scrubber brushes underneath that I found was an excellent addition to this product . When she gets to the ladder she just goes around and she does not always go in the same pattern like my previous pool cleaner . Also , the hose is in many sections so you can make longer or shorter . A + rating !! Wanda Whale is Wonderful !!
 After about 3 years worth of frustrating use my zodiac ranger finally died and instead of buying yet another valve for it at $ 65 each I decided to try out wanda the whale . This whale is much much better than the zodiac , it is quiet , it does not need a special valve to plug into the skimmer , and it does a much better job of cleaning without getting stuck ! I would definitely recommend this product !
 It took less than one minute to unpack it and I threw it right in my Intex 18 foot round pool . In less than two hours the bottom of the pool was spotless . I was worried about it getting hung up on the ladder so I took two sections out of to keep it clear . The next day I just took out the ladder and replaced the hose sections . It works wonderfully . Oh , and I do n't use the stock pump and filter that came with the pool . I bought a Waterway pump and sand filter on Amazon last year and that has also been working wonderfully .
 Seems to be a good product for the money . Does a decent job cleaning the bottom of the pool in about 3 hours . Had an initial problem with it and called Hayward but they were not very helpful . The cleaner was good but Hayward customer service was poor
 Be sure to purchase leaf cannister . Had to purchase hose clamp and use hose that came with our skimmer to get this to work with our Intex Pool . But this is a great product .
 Wanda the Whale is cute and does the job , but takes ALONG time ! So if you 're looking for something to do the job quick then she 's not the one to buy . She 's pretty sturdy & moves around the pool good . I would 've given 5 stars if it was n't for how slow she is .
 I was a bit skeptical about buying this Aqua bug but can say I am pretty happy I did ! Just plug it in , in the morning and it does it 's thing ! I no longer have to deal with pool clean up on the bottom of the pool . I like that it 's working while I can be doing something else . One of the BEST investments I 've made !! Buying it through Amazon saved me $ $ !!
 This made my life so much easier ! I have a 16 ' x 32 ' Intex Ultra Frame pool and I live in the country where there is a lot of debris and bugs . All I have to do is hook this up and let it go . Works wonders . I bought the leaf catcher too so as to not over load my filter . Worth the money .
 We 've only had the Aqua Bug for a couple of weeks , but we 're loving it . It is so simple , you just hook it up , submerge it and watch it do it 's thing . You could see the path of where it had been .
 I bought this item about one month ago . I love it . I never have to climb in the pool to clean it againit does the job for me . My pool is always clean . Very easy to hook up and cleans it in abut 2 hours.I was n't sure it would work on a intex pool but it does as long as you have a powerful pump . I could n'tbe happier .
 This was the best product I have purchased for my above ground pool ! Amazon 's price was AT LEAST $ 40 cheaper than anywhere else ! It was delivered within days ! Thanks Amazon ! As ALWAYS you are the BEST place to shop !
 Diver Dave was well worth the money . In just a few short hours , the bottom of the pool was crystal clear . Just a note of caution
 After sorting through many reviews and products , I decided to give Dave a try . He definitely lived up to the reviews ! We just hooked him up and let him go at it as we went about our other tasks . It really is quite amusing to see him zig zag his way across the bottom of the pool . As new pool owners we spent hours with the wand vacuum and was not able to ever get the same results as Dave .
 I hesitated to buy this little guy for my above ground Intex pool . After reading some of the reviews and calling Hayward to make sure it was compatible with my Intex sand filter system I took the plunge and am glad I did . I had to play around a little bit with how much hose to use before I got it right but once I got the right length it was off and running . I have to admit its even fun just to sit and watch it running around the bottom of the pool . I will also tell you it gets stuck every now and then and always in the same place but the fact is it takes me 10 seconds to get him going again which beats me standing out there for an hour and half vacuuming the pool.I have only used this 3 times so I cant account for its durability and will update my review when I know for sure.Some adice ; make sure you back wash your filter prior to running this vaccuum , also store the hoses straight and not coiled to prevent hose memory . I highly recommend this product for your above ground pool .
 Diver Dave is awesome and I recieved him quickly ! He was easy to put together and throw in the pool , no problem with that . The only problem I had was that I also just purchased a new pump I got the 1500 gal one . That DOES NOT WORK WITH DIVER DAVE . You must have a 2500 gal or sand pump to work the automatic pool cleaners . Do not attempt to purchase Diver Dave with the standard pump that comes with the intex pools or the 1500 , he wo n't move . When he does or you hand move him he works fantastic but the 1500 pump just is not strong enough to make him work . Great Product if you have the correct pump .
 We saw all the good reviews on the automatic pool cleaner , but thought because of the price that it would be a cheap toy that would marginally do the job . Well we were totally surprised with the product , Wanda the Whale . We could not believe how good of a job this inexpensive piece of art did for the pool . We HIGHLY recommend this product and guarantee that you will not be disapointed !
 works great ! although not fast , the aqua bug cleans the pool quite well.it is easy to assemble and store . well worth the money .
 I have used it a few times now and works just like its suppose to . Picked up anything that was on the bottom of the pool . It comes with the perfect amount of hose for a 24 ' pool.Very good little bug cleaner !!
 I have a 24 ' above ground pool with a pretty smooth bottom . My daughter put the unit in the pool the first time . It seemed to stay to one side of the pool and took a long time -LRB- more then the 2 hrs noted on other reviews -RRB- . The next time I put the unit in the pool but did not use the entire length of the hose since longer then needed . The unit moved around the entire pool without any manuvering this time . I found the unit to be effective and certainly easier then manual vac . So , if not in a hurry , pop it in a let it go.Thanks
 This is actually our second bug , the first one worked very well for several years , in fact it worked so well that when it finally died , we went for the sme thing , and are just as happy with this one .
 This little bug does the trick when it comes to cleaning your pool . This is my second purchase of one , the first one lasted about 8-10 years . Well worth the cost !
 This product is worth the money ! It does take some time for it to do the job but the end result is amazing . You need to be present while this is working as sometimes it may tip to the side and need a little assistance but it saves us so much hassle just being able to sit back and watch it do all of the work . I would recommend this product .
 This pool cleaner works very well for above ground pools even with a `` deep end '' . We had a similar product previously -LRB- I think Hayward bought out that company -RRB- that had given many years of good service at 3 times the price .
 We had one of these previously that lasted about 5 years . A very good investment for the money and time it saves you . Highly recommend !
 We have a 21 ft above ground pool that gets lots of small tree debris in it from our wooded back yard . The Aqua bug is a very simply designed vacuum that runs off your your skimmer . It works efficiently and easily . It does n't appear to be a drain on the pump . Our pool will have a large circle of deteriorated or broken leaves , softened bark and hackberries in the bottom of it after a storm -LRB- even though we have a leaf net and solar cover on it -RRB- and the aqua bug vacuums the entire pool up very clean in 30 minutes . The vacuum does n't lose suction and is easy to assemble and get started . You do n't have to be in the pool to start it ; no filling the hose with water like other vacuums.Be sure to store the hose in straight line so that it does n't dry with a coiled memory . That will improve it 's circulation around the entire pool . Be sure to empty your hair/leaf net on your pump after use .
 This is a a very good product it does everything it advertises would highly recomend
 I 've been using the hand held skimmer vacuum method for 5 years now on my above ground pool , what a waste of time and effort . I should have bought this product or a similar one long ago . Wanda the whale cleaned my pool in 45 minutes and made it look spotless . I was very impressed . The best part is I did n't need to be there . After a few minutes of hooking up the hose -LRB- Hose does not tangle in the water like the one I use on my manual cleaning -RRB- to the skimmer and dropping the unit into the water , it was spotless 45 minutes later . Wanda the whale is worth every penny and more . PS
 I 'm very pleased with this pool cleaner . It does a good job of cleaning the bottom of our above ground pool . I like how the hose is sectional , so you can pull it apart when storing it away.One thing I will mention is that we have a small 19x12 , 5000 gallon above ground pool , and I use all but one of the hose sections . So I 'm not sure if the hose is long enough for large pools .
 It was easy to set up Wanda in our 15 ' pool and she works just fine . She 's kinda like one of the family now . I 'm glad we got her .
 I already have one of these ` bugs ' and they work great on an above-ground pool . when my sister in law needed one , i found this one and jumped on it . - She Loves it .
 I bought this item and I really love it , it really keep my pool clean , go for it , you and your kids :-RRB- will love it
 For the most part , I would say that this product gives you the same amount of effort that you put into setting up your pool . If the bottom could be better , it could work better . If your filters are clean and at least the minimum gph as is recommended for your pool ... It will work accordingly . Overall , I like it .
 Purchasing Wanda was some of the best money I spent . My pool never looked so clean . I 've had other pool cleaners that did n't even come close to this one . It was especially useful at the end of the season when storms had leaves falling from the trees and the water was a bit too chilly to get in . Wanda did what she does best and we were able to close the pool with a clean bottom .
 This is a great item , I am baout quality and I was afraid it be another gimic and junk . But for 100 bucks I would try it . I got it and it was easy to assemble and put it in the water and off it goes . I am telling you it has saved me time and probally money . I love this item and it is the best thing since we got a pool . I wish 6 years ago I got this cleaner for my pool . I can trav le and it maintians the pool . The one thing I like better is a device to made over the suction in the skimmer to keep it in place when the pump turns off at night . Other than that a great item and a good buy . Best thing I ever bought in a long time.Henry , The Weedeaterman .
 I love it , saves me time on vacuuming the pool , will never be without one . And the price was wonderful .
 I have a 24x52 above ground swmimming pool an got so tired ofcleaning my pool with the waterhose pump . I bought Diver danwhich cleans really good an I do n't have to get in the pool.The only drawback is you ca n't have med . to big leaves or sticksin the pool unless you buy the leaf attachment . I have a 2500 pumpanything below that probably wo n't have enough power to move him.overall he 's awesome .
 This pool vac works great . We have a 15 ` x48 '' Intex Easy-Set . Our bug gets the bottom spotless . I make sure there 's no air in the line , start with a clean filter , and let it do all the work ! I would recommend this to anyone !
 After much debate , we ordered Diver Dan pool vac . It is so easy to use , even I can use it by myself . While it does n't take the place of your regular pool vac , it does a great job of cleaning the pool between times . The only thing I suggest is getting the filter that goes into hose to catch the leaves and other junk before it can go into filter . Love the leaf filter ! I would purchase again .
 Its nothing special , but it does an equally good job as if you were manually cleaning your pool -LRB- with the pole and suction hose of course -RRB- it does get stuck somtimes , but that may be because of the uneveness of my pool floorand why am i asked to rate this as a toy ? lol
 this item is not a toy , but a very useful item that does what it is suposed to do ... clean your pool ... I was not sure weather it would work , as my pool bottomie not smooth , but from the start it worked fine
 We have had the aquabug automatic cleaner for over 10 years and it still works and I would not have a pool without an automatic cleaner . It is a great time saver . It does not clean the sides of the pool , but will clean an above ground pool that has a dished out bottom like ours . I am getting a new cleaner , but only because the new one will clean the sides . We thought that the aquabug was a great investment and at its original cost of 100.00 10 years ago we did not go wrong .
 I was really surprised at how well this vaccuum worked . I let it alone for about 4 hours the first time around . What a great job it did on the floor . Unfortunatly it does n't clean the walls or stairs -LRB- that would merit 5 stars -RRB- but I knew that going in . It soooo nice to just drop this in the water and go do other things while this cleans my pool.I 've only had it 1 season so far so I ca n't comment on longevity yet .
 This has got to be the best purchase we have ever made for our pool . We have an above ground pool and used a vacuum that attached to the garden hose and only had a net to catch the debris . There was a lot that made it through the net . The Hayward 700 Diver Dave Pool Cleaner is awesome and easy to use . Hook it up and walk away ! We have a 15 ft pool and in about an hour and a half it is crystal clean . Awesome product and recommend it to anyone that has an above ground pool , seriously . It 's cute too !
 We have a 15 ' Intex metal frame pool . This year I was having a heck of a time keeping it clean so I decided to give the critter a try . First off let me say for you other Intex owners - if you have the stock paper filter pump GET RID OF IT . It does not have the adequate flow to operate the critter . And if it does happen to get it to move around your filter will be plugged in no time rendering the critter motionless . I upgraded to a sand filter and this baby flys across the bottom now . It did a pretty good job cleaning the bottom - not perfect - some scrubbing was still required but hey it still saved me a ton of time . I 'm still having trouble with it missing certain spots - I 'm guessing it may have to do with the flow jet for the return water coming into the pool . I 've adjusted the outlet water jet numerous times - oh well . Overall this thing is an easy 4 out of 5 . Its not perfect like I said but its certainly a time saver .
 I love this little creature . Does a great job . No need to buy expensive auto vacuums . I use this on my Intex 16 ' above ground ultraframe pool . Get rid of the garden hose vacuum they tell you to use . You will love this product .
 Cleans the pool and entertaining at the same time . I had problems with the stick sweeper that came with the pool . This little gem sucks up the dirt quickly . You will not regret this purchase .
 this product is great . works well in my above ground pool as advertised . I would recommend to anyone .
 Purchased this to use with the new Intex sand filter I got for my Intex above ground pool . We get a lot of dust since we live on a gravel road , that settles to the bottom and is nearly impossible to clean out . It works best when the filter is freshly backwashed and has good suction . I do n't think it would work with the original Intex paper filter pump because they do n't move nearly as much water , or has as much suction , as the sand filter
 This is one purchase we 're glad to have made . Works wonderfully . We did find ; however , that it works best to hook the hose up directly into the skimmer - -LRB- without the basket in -RRB- . It 's so nice to hook it up , go do chores or whatever , and return to a nicely cleaned pool !
 I rec 'd this above ground pool cleaner with a pool package I purchased locally . I was skeptical , but it works great ! It moves around the bottom of the pool like a Roomba robot vacuum .
 This is a great time saver , you hook it up and let it go.We had one before and it lasted a number of years . We tried to fix it butwe could n't seem to get it to work again . For the price , we thought it waswell worth buying another one .
 This is a great little vac . It hooks up to your filter intake or skimmer , and vacuums straight to your filter - not a bag with holes that does n't catch fine particles . We use ours in a 24 ' above ground pool made by Intex . Yes , one of those temporary pools . It would work in any above ground pool ! The most important thing to have is a good filter system . The filter supplied by Intex is not very good . This vac works best with a sand filter . We have a Hayward Pro Series system with a 1.5 hp Power Flo Maxtrix pump . The combination of this filter system and vacuum has saved my summers . I spent the first year with this pool spraying out the filter and hand/pole vacuuming only to see the finer particles come back into the pool through the return . It took all the pleasure out of having a pool ! Now , I hook up my vac -LRB- 3 min -RRB- , turn on the filter system -LRB- 1 sec -RRB- , and walk away - it 's awsome !!! This little vacuum even handled our pool opening this year , which included a large number of leaves and a ton of very fine particles . Unlike the super expensive Pool Rover , this vacuum does not move systematically around the pool to clean in a specific period of time . It moves in ever-widening circles , then goes straight for a bit and starts circling again . It can be a little vexing to see it turn just before it gets to something that you want it to vacuum up , but if you give it time , it will get everything . We put ours in and let in run for about an hour , when we come back the pool looks great ! Aqua Bug , Wanda the Whale , and Diver Dave are all the same vacuum with different housings .
 I ca n't knock Diver Dave for not working with my Intex Above Ground Pool w/Saltwater Pump . His construction seems solid and it 's a great concept . However , I could find no information on how well it would work with an Intex Above Ground pool with Saltwater Filter , so posting this review to save others from the time and difficulties.I would not recommend this with an Intex Above Ground pool system . I would guess it works wonderfully with a pool with a larger pump and true skimmer -LRB- based on other reviews -RRB- , but it does n't do much for the Intex Pools -LRB- in side-wall inlet pump attachment -RRB- . I had some minor algea on the bottom of the pool , which stirred up easily if lightly touched . Dave could n't put a dent into it . Three issues
 I have a fiberglass pool , so cleaners designed for vinyl bottoms really work better for me than those for `` cement ponds . '' And the price was right.However , this item is in the `` Toys '' category and that is TERRIBLE . This pool cleaner works off of the vacuum created by your pool pump/filter . The cleaner is made more efficient by the use of two venturi intakes -LRB- the smallest one is removable -RRB- . With only about a half-square-inch intake , the suction on the bottom of this cleaner is ferocious . And instead of Wanda the Whale , they should have dubbed it Sarah the Shark.DO NOT let children into the pool when this device is operating - or simple-minded adults for that matter . Get a toe stuck in the intake when Wanda runs over your foot and you might find yourself pulling it out of the filter before heading to the ER to see if they can re-attach it . And God help the curious adolescent boy who has the pool to himself ... Hayward is quite clear about the dangers of this product and the narrow operating environment , but making the thing cute and cuddly and allowing it to be categorized as a toy seems to be a massive product liability exposure.Warnings aside , this is a great auto pool cleaner at a really great price . You may need to cut out the venturi intake to match up better with your pump pressure and to allow it to clean your pool in a more systematic way , but you 'll be impressed with what the little thing can accomplish in a half-day or so.Highly-recommended pool-cleaning TOOL ! Highly-discouraged as a `` toy '' using any criteria.UPDATE -LRB- 13 Apr 2010 -RRB-
 I have a 24 foot round above ground pool with a 52 ' inch depth . The bottom is not perfectly smooth -LRB- some wrinkles and divets -RRB- , but the product does a great job in about 2 to 3 hours . I plan on running it every couple of days to clean and stir up the water at the bottom of the pool .
 I could n't be happier with the AquaBug . It does a great job of cleaning my pool quickly and quietly . They say it takes 10 minutes to install , but I did it in about 5 . The biggest problem with the bug is that it looks like a toy and is fairly inexpensive , so people might not take it seriously . However , it really does the job . It came with enough hose for my 15 ' x 30 ' pool , and it never gets stuck on my ladder . Added bonus
 We love diver Dave ! The cleaner was easy to assemble , use , and it does a great job on our above ground swimming pool . The kids like watching him swim around the bottom of the pool . They feel someone is watching them all the time . The cleaner picks up leaves as well as any dirt . It works really great even with pine tree needles.This product came with a great price too ! I shopped around and I received the best price from Amazon.com .
 This little pool cleaner rocks . I have a 16 x 32 oval pool and my `` professional '' pool installer totally screwed up the bottom which left it with small wrinkles , and even worse , large indentations where the sand under the pool settled and the frame is raised . This makes for some pretty substantial navigation challenges for the Aqua Bug , or so I thought . I was reluctant to buy this at first , thinking there is no way it could overcome the uneven bottom of my pool . Considering the price , I thought WTH , and I went for it . I was pleasantly surprised as the Bug wondered into an indentation , stopped for a few seconds , turned a different direction and crawled out again . Awesome . Obviously if the Bug could n't handle this it would n't even pay for me to use it since I 'd be out there baby-sitting it constantly . If that were the case I may as well just clean the pool manually . But , as I said , the Bug came through with flying colors . The Aqua Bug did n't come with enough hose to reach the end so I had to buy more hose . -LRB- It comes with about 30 feet , but you have to take into account it not only has to span the entire length of the pool , but also has to go `` down '' to the bottom . -RRB- That being said , it took about two hours for the Bug to clean the entire area it could reach . I 'll have the extra hose by the next use , but I do n't expect it will take much longer . The DVD with instructions that comes with the Bug explicitly states that the bottom of your pool must be flat and smooth . It 's nice to get a product that actually out performs expectations . How often does that happen ?
 I have recently had a small , in-ground pool installed . so , I purchased this vacuum pool cleaner . I am VERY impressed . Wanda is thoroughly cleaning my pool as I type this . Set up and installation took roughly ten minutes with NO tools ! Literally , you just connect the hoses , hook it into the skimmer , and then turn on your filtering system . It 's incredibly easy as well as inexpensive.Wanda is currently picking up small pebbles as well as leaves and sand . You 'd be surprised how much debris gets blown into a pool.And , joy of all joys , the non-Amazon seller was wonderful . I received the cleaner TWO DAYS before the delivery range given by Amazon began!For some strange reason , Amazon has this classified as a toy . It 's not . + + + + + UPDATE + + + + + +5 / 10/09Okay , Wanda has been on the job for eight hours a day , seven days a week , for a little over a month . I could n't be happier with her . No problems at all . It really tickles if she runs over your toes !
 I 've got an Intex 16ft ultraframe pool . I get some sand , and debris on the bottom of the pool and needed a solution . This pool cleaner takes 5 to 10 min to setup and then I just walk away for a few hours . It uses your existing filter -LRB- which I can generally just spray off -RRB- . I ca n't comment on durability as I 've only used it a few times but I can say it works , is quiet and is easy to use . It comes with several hose sections that need to be attached and detached each time and stores in the box flat otherwise `` hose memory '' will occur and make it more difficult for the pool cleaner to get around in the future -LRB- according to the manual -RRB- . I have not owned other pool cleaners .
 Pool
 We purchased this pump two days ago and used it for the first time in our Intex pool yesterday . It works great ! We had a lot of debris on the bottom of the pool and when this little fella had finished our pool was sparkling ! We have a 20 ' x 10 ' metal frame Intex pool -LRB- Costco size -RRB- . We disconnected the skimmer at the filter inlet on the side of the pool and attached the Aquabug skimmer cone adapter to the filter inlet port . We had no problems getting it to fit . All the debris from the bottom of the pool collects in the debris basket in front of our pump . We plan to backwash the sand filter as and when it needs it . We have an Intex 1600 saltwater system and sand filter pump and had no problems getting it to work .
 Diver Dave is AWESOME !! I watched the accompanied CD , and hooked up Diver Dave in 5 minutes . It actually took longer to watch the CD . Diver Dave comes with 32 feet of segmented hose , but I had to purchase some more hose because my pool is 35 feet . Do n't forget to add 2 additional hose sections beyond your pool length . Although Diver Dave is described as being `` an Above-Ground Automatic Pool Cleaner '' , I 'm using him on my in-ground pool , which has a gentle incline from the shallow to the deep end . Diver Dave even gets some of the side wall area , since I have a gentle side radius on my pool . A word of caution
 I purchased a 21 foot round above ground salt water pool . The pool set came with a Dirt Devil D2500 automatic pool cleaner . The D2500 was too difficult to setup and really did n't do the job . I ordered Wanda the Whale from Amazon . Very easy to setup and works like a charm . Just leave it alone for about an hour and the water and pool are crystal clear . Considering that I 'm using the cleaner in a salt water pool , I make sure that I rinse and clean it with fresh water prior to storage . Finally , I like the idea that parts are available if ever needed in the future . Great product .
 I have had this for about 2 weeks now and am very happy . I live in an area with lots of wind and trees so lots of debris in the water this time of the year . Wanda has had no problem picking up the leaves and putts around our 18 foot round Intex pool just fine . I received plenty of hose and actually left out 3 sections for a perfect length . Hooking up the hose was somewhat of a challenge but I just took off the screen that screws in on the inside of the pool to the plunger and used a hole saw to drill through it . The hole was just slightly larger than necessary so I wrapped the end of the hose with duct tape and screwed in the cover . Definitely a redneck operation but I have learned that the duct tape will last a long time and it is the perfect compression washer . Doing this from the outside was fun ; seeing that the water was about 40 degrees . I upgraded our filter this year and have 1.5 hp sand filter . Wanda really moves around on occasion . I have taken the ladder out of the pool so there is no problem with it . I bought it used through Amazon for $ 50 but it looked brand new . I do n't believe it was ever used . Most likely a floor model ? We have numerous wrinkles on the floor but she gets around them just fine . All the other reviews really helped me so take this for what it 's worth . Happy in rainy WA .
 Wanda the Whale has made keeping my Intex 15 ft x 48 '' pool sparkling clean with a minimum of effort . No more scrubbing the bottom by hand . I combined it with an Intex 2500 gallon/hour pump and she scurries about the pool bottom like a robotic cleaner . Have been using it weekly for three months now . Only problem is she is made of plastic . I dropped her once -LRB- outside of the pool -RRB- and one of her rollers broke off . Fortunately she is resilient and continues to thrive . See my review on Intex 2500 gallon/hour pump for description on how I set it up without cutting a new hole in the side of the pool . Wanda also has no trouble cleaning the wrinkles on the pool liner bottom . Main thing is to have a powerful pump to use with Wanda . Definitely worth every penny .
 Works very well but is NOT for a pool that has a ` dish ' or dug out middle . It does not climb any small slope . But it did clean the center of our dish pool very well . We sold it to a neighbor since it was $ 45 to ship it back via UPS .
 Diver Dave is the best pool cleaner I have had ! When we bought our pool , the Diver Dave was included with the purchase and it made cleaning the pool so much easier than spending 2 hours doing it by hand ! After about 5 years we needed to replace it and I immediately without hesitation chose another Diver Dave ! Our pool is an 18 by 32 above ground pool and it does a fantastic job ! It is so convenient to hook it up in the pool and let it go for a couple hours and when you come back to disconnect it you have a clean pool ! It 's nice to be able to tend to other things that you need to do while Diver Dave is cleaning the pool ! LOVE IT !!
 I actually have had Wanda for years and just ordered a new replacement one . My kids love her . She really is plug in and go . Once I connected the hoses and put her in the pool she just takes off . She does do a good job cleaning the pool . I have never had to purchase any accessories to go with her . A very satisfied customer and the price is right.Hayward Wanda the Whale Above-ground Auto Pool Cleaner
 Works great ! The instructions missed a step . You have to fill the hose with water -LRB- from the pump out-take -RRB- before inserting the hose into the filter . If you do n't do this - the filter fills up with air and does not operate correctly . We had to release the air and redo the setup - no problems after that . Wanda works great , and what a time saver !!! I goofed , I should have purchased `` Diver Dave '' - then I could have said that I have a `` pool boy '' lol .
 i love it the whale makes life easer and maintains the pool just as good as my bug did which i had for 20 years the only thing the whale does n't have is a place to put your hand to take it out of the pool with like the bug did .
 the product was just ask advertised , it came within two days and was perfect . could n't ask for more , i use it once a week
 Gave it a 4 because if it is windy out diver Dave will be pulled in the direction of the wind . Other than that he works great . Picks up everything on the bottom and keep my pool clean.I have not had any other issues and works as advertised .
 I got this a few weeks ago , and in the dusty area I live in , Diver Dave has been a great purchase ! It cleans up the dirt and small debris VERY well . The only problem I 've had is that occasionally the tube comes out of the skimmer , but checking on it each day is not a problem . I have n't purchased a `` leaf basket '' yet , but would like to . For now , I have a small mesh bag on the return to catch any small debris that my filter did not . It 's wonderful to go out to the pool and enjoy it , instead of having to clean it first !
 After manually vacuuming our pool for 3 years , we finally decided to bite the bullet and purchase Wanda the Whale . WOW is all I can say . My husband was mezmorized for an hour and a half watching her vacuum the pool . She seems to have a dirt magnet . She is easy to use and does a great job . Yeah , it is a pain to pull out the ladder each time , but well worth the free time she gives me . The price on Amazon could not be beat . I would highly recommend Wanda to anyone . My only regret is waiting so long to get her .
 When I started shopping for a vacuum for my inground pool the prices almost brought me to tears . I thought `` Really , I get to pay the equivalent of a small used car for something that will suck up dirt from my pools floor '' . Anyway after some research I found out that this little sucker would work for me ... and only $ 109 ! I have a fiberglass pool about 28 ' feet long so I did have to buy another 4 ' hose attachment also , made modifications another reviewer here suggested . I bought the `` cork pod shoes '' put them in hot water so they 'd fit . I removed the 3 screws on the bottom but instead of buying -LRB- 2 -RRB- 1/2 inch screws I just cut 2 of them to a 1/2 inch in length to cover up the holes . Also , I removed the plate and adapter from the bottom -LRB- opens up the hole and it can suck up leaves easier -RRB- . With a few cheap mods I have a great little vacuum !
 Just as described . Works like a pro ... So much better than standing out in the heat to vacuum the pool set it then let it go . SO EASY ... . Well worth the price . Which by the way was an excellent price compared to others .
 Wanda Rocks ! I have a 16 x 48 intex frame pool . I look at buying a hose and hand vacuum . It was going to cost me about 80 bucks . Saw this , read the reviews , and ordered.My pool was a mess ! Wanda knocked it out in about 2 hrs . I did have to keep an eye on it but like i said that was just to get the amount of hose section to use right . Highly recommended .
 Diver Dave is a gift I purchase for my husband for Father 's Day last year . It saves him lots of time because once he does the initial cleanup , Diver Dave takes over for the rest of the season . I had a tough time setting him up though . He kept turning upside down which caused me much frustration . The cd that comes with it was not completely clear as to how to set D.D. up in a large above ground pool . So I called my local Hayward distributor who explained what to do . Turned out I had not hooked the pool cleaner up properly . Once I did , Diver Dave worked just fine.Diver Dave is great for pool maintenance . I do feel I need to check on it every so often though . I do n't trust that D.D. wo n't turn over again because he does now and then . I do not recommend Diver Dave because of this . But for the most part , I am satisfied with this product .
 Wow , we really love Diver Dave . We own an above ground intex pool . We 've had nothing but trouble keeping it clean due to 3 huge oak trees thats above it , a cypress , and a couple other trees that wreak havoc on our pool . We received Diver Dave today . We popped open the box , hooked up the hose on the pools intake , and Diver Dave , and the job was done . Simple , easy and worth every penny . We Let him do his thing while we went out to eat , and when we came back home to check the pool . It was spotless . We recommend DIver Dave to anyone who doesnt have time to clean the pool on the daily basis . Dave will do it for you . We 'll be the envy of who has the cleanest pool in our neighborhood . :-RRB- thanks Dave ! * note
 Good inexpensive suction side pool cleaner . Works well on above ground pools . Only concern is the amount of air it introduces into the pump .
 I bought the aqua bug the beginning of this summer when my other automatic cleaner kept losing suction and was just floating in the pool or was going in circles on one side of the pool . I like this automatic cleaner so much better ! I have a 24 ' round above ground pool . The hose that comes with it just makes it around the pool . One more section would have been better , but at least it works ! As long as you start the cleaner on the opposite side of the pool from your skimmer it will move around the entire pool in about 2-3 hours when running the pump on high . I do NOT have a perfectly smooth pool bottom and I have never had it get hung up anywhere in the pool . It was very easy to install and is easy to clean , but I have never had any leaves or large debris in the pool so I can not say anything about how it would handle that . I used it once a week for about 10 weeks and never had any problems with it . I would highly recommend this product !
 I really like Wanda . She works cheap and does n't ask for much!She is a smaller unit and does take a little while to clean pool bottom but she does the job !
 This pool cleaner works great . Now in the begining and end of the season when the water is cold , we do not have to get into the pool to clean it .
 This little guy really does the job . Works very well especially for the price . Wish I had heard about this product when I first got the pool . A must have in my mind .
 The reviews on this product were very helpful in our decision to purchase Wanda . As soon as she arrived yesterday we plugged her in . We just left her to clean for a few hours while we did yard work . We hadnt yet cleaned the pool since it was installed 2 weeks ago . What a great job she did !!! This will save my husband hours of cleaning . Love it .
 I have a 20 ' x10 ' x 52 '' intex pool and thisthe pool sweep was the best investment . I upgraded my pool filter to a 3/4 hp Hayward pump and it really makes the sweep move . I also have use a sand filter which really makes the sweep work efficiently . It will make my pool look like new in only two-three hours . I wouldnt use the sweep if i had the original paper filter and pump but i dont know for sure . Overall , this is a great product and Wanda the Whale saves me a bunch of time
 would recommend for anyone with above ground pool . best money we 've spent since buying first pool 6 years ago . ladies if your man cleans the pool for you , buy one for him , you wont ever regret it ! AWESOME
 This little lady bug is so cool . She definitely does her job , we have almost as much fun watching her work as we do swimming in the pool . We let her run the pool overnight on our intex 2500gph sand filter , and we never have any debris in the bottom absolutely worth the price !!!
 This pool cleaner is great . It never gets stuck and does a good job . It is easy to set up and you just let it go .
 just drop in the pool do the other chores and the pool is clean in about a hour -LRB- 30x15 pool -RRB-
 We had the beetle bug before and it lasted for about 10 years with some repairs . I decided it was time for a new face in our pool . My granddaughter loves to watch it in the water cleaning and called it the `` Yellow Man '' . We hope to get 10 years use out of him .
 I am so happy , Wanda the Whale was awesome . My neighbor and I put it together , followed the written directions and watched the video just to make sure , although it was not needed , and popped her in the pool and away she went . Make sure to prime the hose , get a good vaccuum going thru the hose first . I stayed in the pool with Wanda and was there when she got near the ladder etc. to nudge her out of the way . I have an 18 ft above ground pool and it took about an hour for Wanda to do her thing . Cleans beautifully , I popped the hose off and used the hose to get under and around the ladder . It will be a great summer with Wanda ! So very glad I got her .
 I had my doubts about this product because it looks like a small pool toy not a automatic pool cleaner but the price was great , the reviews were good , and my kids liked it so I rolled the dice . I have a 15X30 above ground pool and I used it today . WOW ! it worked GREAT ! Setup was a breeze , from box to pool in about 10 minuts . It was like magic watching the dirt vanish as Wanda moved around . She moves at a good rate too , I 've only used her once but for a pool my size she did it all in less than 2 hours . Buy this , you wo n't regret it .
 Product works great . Saves me at least 1 hr a week not having to manually vacuum the pool . Just set it up and watch it go .
 We have been using Wanda for a couple of months now and could n't be happier . She does a far beter job than I ever could .
 Wanda does a great job , and I wo n't go back to manual cleaning.She occasionally does lift off of the floor of the pool , but she always gets going again . Proper hose length use is essential in this.She does great with debris and light algae , and I would n't use her on anything heavier because of the toll on my filter . If not for the filter , I 'm sure she could do the job.Set her in the pool , wait 2-3 hours , and you have a clean pool .
 First I want to say that I do n't really leave reviews and this product prompted me to do this ... We originally we bought the Polaris Vac-Sweep 65 6-130-00 Pressure Side Automatic Pool Cleaner last year and we hated it , never picked up all the leaves no matter how long it was left in , tinkered with the hose at 100 's of lengths and starting point , horrible . Had about given up on `` auto '' pool cleaners . Our pool this spring was FILTHY with leaves , dirt , `` helicopters '' from maple trees near by ... Within 2 hours the pool bottom is spotless . We have a 24 ' round pool and need to buy a 4 ' extension hose , but everywhere it reaches is clean , no residual sand , dirt , etc. . LOVE this product . Will have to see how long it lasts , but the fact it does what it is supposed to is great.PS have not put the ladder in yet , but see there is a ladder guard attachment you can buy ... will try with ladder first and report back.Overall , worth EVERY PENNY .
 super easy pool bug . took 5 minutes out of the box to be in the pool and cleaning . had a minor issue with small rocks in the pool and the bug clogging up but we cleaned it out and it ran great . had some construction going on around the pool and it was able to clean out sand ... sawdust and some left over spring pollen and it was clean in a few hours .
 Wanda is amazing ! It took less than 10 minutes to install her . The amount of hose that came with her is perfect for my 24 ' round AG pool . Directions were very simple and easy to follow . She has been running for about and hour and is almost done . Great investment !
 I live in a very wooded area and often have debris in my pool so vacuuming is a constant chore , I was very skeptical about this product I read the reviews and figured it was n't as expensive as other automatic pool vacuums so order it got in 2 to 3 days took about 10 minutes to set it up and let it do its thing btw my pool does not have an even bottom surface but it still ran completely around the pool as I went shopping 3 hours later -LRB- WOW ! -RRB- It was all clear.Now I have a pretty decent hayward motor so power I think is essential to have this product run properly however only one problem you need to keep a eye on the hose especially where your filter water comes out it tends to push the hose away from that direction , but well worth the money !!
 I have a 14 ` x42 '' Intex Ultraframe pool using the originalIntex Krystal Clear model 637R / 56637E 1,000-Gallon Filter Pumpand Intex Pool Salt Water System for basic maintenance . Originally I hooked Diver Dave up to the skimmer that came with my pool -LRB- with its 1-1/4 '' hose -RRB- but used an upgradedIntex 2500-Gallon Filter Pumpwith the hoses running over the pool wall . Dave cleaned the pool well but got `` stuck '' whenever a larger leaf got caught in the skimmer strainer and reduced the suction . I added theHayward Large Capacity Leaf Canister for Pool Cleanersand now it works great ! After the kids -LRB- ages 6,5,4,3,3 -RRB- leave the pool , I turn on the pump and run the skimmer for 15-20 mins while I fish out all the toys . Then I hook up Diver Dave with two hose sections between the skimmer and the leaf canister and four more hose sections between Dave and the canister and push Dave out to the middle of the pool . I 'm not sure how long it actually takes Dave to clean the pool but when I come back down a couple of hours later , it 's clean and ready for the solar cover and overnight salt chlorination treatment . Next morning my pool has sparkling clear water and is ready for another day of fun.Please note that while I run the 1000 gph filter and salt chlorinator on `` normal '' 2-3 hour daily cycles during the week when the pool is used by 0-2 kids for a couple hours a day , I often run both filters overnight and extend the chlorinator time when all the kids have been in the pool for several hours on the weekend . Dave is usually used once or twice a week depending on how much stuff the kids drag into the pool . I rinse the filters out with the water hose and reuse following each Diver Dave cleaning . Since getting the leaf canister , I have not needed to clean the larger filter prior to or during a Diver Dave run . I 'm very pleased that this setup yields perfect water quality while requiring no more than 2 hours a week of my time and no ongoing chemical or filter cartridge costs .
 I have the 18 ' Intex pool with the 2000 GPH Saltwater System and I purchased the Diver Dave for it last week.I was a little unsure at how the two were going to work with each other but it works out well . The hoses that come with DD are very good quality and easy to connect/disconnect . Now , to connect the Hayward hose to my pool I had to be creative with the intex parts that I have but when connected and DD is working he does a great job with no complaints with him . There is only one problem I seen and when the hoses are connected and hes running around the bottom of the pool the pump jet stacks water current against the hoses and either stops or turns him the other way so one side the pool he cant get to . What Ive done was unscrewed the Jet cap so the discharge -LRB- jet -RRB- was putting out volume not pressure and now he runs the whole pool ! I wish i would have got him last year ... He is fun to watch and I LOVE IT !!!! PROS
 I have owned an Intex style pool , -LRB- more than one model -RRB- over the last 7 years . Looked forward to `` pool season '' but dreaded the maintenance . So I finally broke down and spent my $ 120 bucks to see if I could lessen my pain without having to eat ramen noodles for a month to pay for it.I have a 17 x 21 soft sided , intex style , above ground pool with a sand filter and a 2 horse motor pumping it through . This little gem cleans the pool in 11/2 to 2 hours . I have a few smaller wrinkles on the bottom , it climbs the sides up about 18 inches and I have yet to have to set it free from a jam.I should have purchased this years ago . I have only had it in use for 2 months but see nothing wrong with it . Even if I had to replace it every couple of years , it would be worth it . Now I just grab a cold one and sit on the deck , and in a very cathartic , mesmerizing way , I watch `` it '' do what it does . Now if I could get it to climb the ladder and get me another beer , I would have to consider elevating it to best friend status.The only thing I would do different is to buy the canister that goes with it . I was hoping the vacuum would incorporate easily with my current one , but it does n't and I am left to clean it from the trap on the pump . Do n't make the same oversight if you have intex style connectors and vacuum accessories .
 I did my homework and read review after review . All other customers were very satisfied w/Wanda , but it just did n't work with my intex 24x52 pool . Even tho ' I had a 1/2 hp pump . I really wish it had b/c it was very easy to connect and very well made . Customer service with In The Swim was great . They offered to take it back and actually sent a return postage label !
 We are just so happy with our Diver Dave ! I had him installed in 10 minutes and he does an absolutely awesome job of cleaning the floor of our doughboy pool . He has great suction power . If the hose puts him at an akward angle that forces him to leave his feet , he quickly gets oriented right and sucks back down to keep cleaning . A great product at half the price of any other cleaners at our local pool supply stores .
 Amazon had the best price by far . I had the RoboKleen and just like the user reviews said , it broke down . I got two and a half years use out of that vac so it was not money well spent . I decided to go with a suction vac and chose the Diver Dave . Works as advertised . Having never used a suction vac before , it took a little while to figure out the basics . Now it is easy . THe only knock I have that the hose comes in sections and will sometimes come appart when you are filling it with water from the return port . A solid hose would have been better .
 I bought this vac after returning a different one I bought at my local pool store made by Polaris . Needless to say , this vacuum exceeds my expectations . It 's easy to set up , cranks around flawlessly , and picks up EVERYTHING including larger leaves and finer sticks . I would highly recommend this product . Do n't screw around , just get it . You wo n't be unhappy . I have a 27 ' round 52 '' deep and the hose length is just about right . My filter is a Hayward sand 1.5 HP .
 I was looking for a pool sweep and my local pool store recommended the Hayward automatic pool cleaner . Actually there are 4 different critters and I bought the `` Aquabug '' but they are all the same item.I have a 12 ' X 32 ' above ground pool so I was a bit skeptical of the item as it looked cheap . It did seem to be the best the store had for above ground pools so I purchased it despite my skepticism . The set-up was easy and it comes with 32 feet of hose -LRB- If you need more they sell additional hose . -RRB- which come in 32 '' lengths . It also comes with a manual and CD with video instructions.Now it states that the pool surface should be completely flat and smooth for use . When I put up my pool I did it in haste and have some pretty large wrinkles on the bottom . I set up the critter per instructions and let it loose . -LRB- You may need to purge your pump of air once started as you ca n't completely get all the air out of the hose when setting up . This is a must or the critter wo n't work . -RRB- My pool was covered with dirt on the bottom and the critter slid its way all around the pool and over the wrinkles . It even went up the side of the wall at a 90 degree angle and back down . Keep your filter clean because the dirtier the filter gets the less power is supplied to the sweep as it uses the pool pumps intake to operate.This thing went beyond my expectations .
 I have a 15 ft dia . above ground pool and I live in a fairly high dust / dirt area -LRB- desert -RRB- and although the vaccum does work , It does so slowly and I need to clean filters frequently during the process and keep the bottom brushed frequently during the process . I suspect that the pump/filter that came with my pool is probably marginal at best , and the stronger and more efficient pump/filter set ups would very likely allow this vaccum to do it , s job a lot better . BUT ... . That being said this vaccum still works better than anything else I have tried .
 We have an above ground pool and purchased Diver Dave to help us with the cleaning process . He is amazing , takes only minutes to put together and put in the pool , runs off our Hayward pump & filter system . You can tell when Dave is done , absolutely no debris on the bottom of our pool ! Worth every penny !!
 I could n't keep up with storm season and keeping the pool clean . Every time I wanted to clean there was lightning . No holding meal poles in a storm . Bought Wanda and started her up at night after a storm . The pool was clean ! I do n't know how we lived without her . We keep it in the pool all the time and just turn it on after dinner . We have a small but deep above ground pool with a regular sand filter and she works great .
 This is exactly what I think my mom will want for Christmas . I have th eDiver Dave like it and I love it !
 This works well ! We have used it for an entire summer and it has saved us a great deal of labor and time ! We love our little whale !
 We did n't like his name , but we really like how he works ! A great little vacuum that works quickly and covers our 26 &#34; above ground quite well . Easy to handle , does n't clog easily and works as advertised with a decent sand filter pump . A Good Buy : - -RRB-
 The Bug was delivered on time and works great . My old one was dying and I had to move it around the pool to get it clean . Did n't realize how one that works properly cleans so fast .
 good price - does work quite well - still some minor manual work to do - gets stuck some times - would recommend - shipped fast -
 This little scudder books around the pool and cleans it up pretty good ... unless you have acorns . Unfortunately , we have two oak trees right over out pool , so we get a lot of 'em . But if I can manage to suck the acorns up with just the hose first -LRB- a pretty tricky proposition -RRB- then Doodle Bug gets the leaves out nicely . We deployed her , came back in a couple hours and the pool bottom was spotless . I guess we 'll just save her for summer deployment and use the regular pool vacuum while the damn acorns are dropping .
 If you have a pool this is a must . I just hook Wanda up and she works her way around the pool and cleans it for me , and I am free to do something else . I really love this product .
 I was a bit skeptical of this product when I purchased it . I have an above ground oval pool -LRB- 12x24 -RRB- and wanted something that could clean the pool without me pushing the vacuum around . This product actually works well . Its pretty easy to set up and once it gets going , it does a pretty good job of cleaning the bottom of the pool . I gave it 4 stars because its not perfect . From time to time , it may miss small portions of your pool but for the most part , it does a good job . I would recommend it .
 We have an oblong above ground pool that is 28 feet long . My husband absolutely LOVES Wanda ! We did have to purchase 3 more hose parts to get all the way to the end of our pool but they were well worth it . We run her every night with the pump and when we get up the pool is sparkeling clean ! Worth every penny !!!
 We received the vacuumed within a few days and immediately put it to work . It is awesome ! It crawls very well on it 's own and you can see the dirt and algae it sucks up on the floor of the pool . We have an above ground pool 18 X 33 and we had to buy a couple of extra hose lengths to make it reach the entire length of the pool . I highly recommend this vacuum .
 So far so good , have used this product about 6 times now . I just put him in the pool and forget about it for around 3 to 4 hours . Each time the bottom is perfect . I do n't know how it gets everything if you watch it in the pool , but it does . Very happy so far !
 I bought this product for my husband to try . It 's a little slow , but all in all it does a very good job !
 It works great just alittle slower than doing it your self.But it is great too have helps alot very easy too use not hard too put it together great little thing too have if you have a pool
 This item arrived quickly and kept my pool spotless for the July 4th holiday . In an hour or less you can keep preparing for your party or guests and let Wanda do the pool work for you .
 `` On Target - On Time '' . Great above ground pool cleaner . The `` Bug '' is speedy , does a great job , and works right out of the box . Best bang for my buck ! Thanks .
 Bought this for my above ground pool and it is amazing . It cleans my pool very well and the hose is very long as well . Great quality product . Shipping was extremely fast ! Would recommend highly !
 I waited a few weeks before writing this review to make sure I was giving Dave a fair shake . The little dude has save me so much time . I 'm able to do other things instead of cleaning my pool for an hour at a time when needed . Money well spent . He has almost paid for himself in just the time he has saved me . Would have been nice to have had one more section of pipe . . but I can deal with that . Thanks Dave , , , You really Suck ... in a good way . .
 I have had Wanda the Whale for a month now and she has done quite a good job keeping the pool clean . At first I had trouble with her getting stuck in the very middle of the pool -LRB- round , and graded to about 5ft . -RRB- , but I did some of my own troubleshooting and found that if you do n't have good pressure , she dose n't move too well . So , after I fixed my pools filtration pressure issue , it just needed a little more DE added , off Wanda went ! She has been the best money I have spent on the pool so far . No more standing in the blazing sun vacuuming for hours on end . Thank You Wanda !
 I purchased Wanda Whale -LRB- we choose Wanda over Diver Dave because we have girls -RRB- , and I could not be move PLEASED ! After seeing my husband last Summer do back breaking work in the HOT Sun by HAND cleaning our pool with a pole , was heart breaking . After researching different Auto Pool Cleaner devices , I found the Wanda Whale . She does ALL the work . It even cleans SAND and very FINE junk ! I strongly recommend buying the HAYWARD W560 LEAF CANISTER option . This will save the wear & tear of your main filter .
 I have the 18 ' Intex easy set pool . Last year I purchased a waterway 1/2 HP pump and sand filter combo unit , and with some new bulkhead fittings , unions , and ball valves from a local plumbing distributor , I was able to get the pool filtering very nicely compared to the factory Intex pump/filter . It made a world of difference . At any rate , after the swimming season was done , we drained the pool but as life happens we never got the time to clean and store it properly for the winter . Our water is very calicified , and the bottom three inches of the pool ended up evaporating on its own before we got the time to get to it . It left a mix of calcium , salt , dirt , leaves , and alage all dried on the bottom of the pool . When it came time to clean for the new season , it took a pressure washer to break up the residue from the previous year . As always with little extra time , I was able to get the mess soluble in water again , but there was just tos of it . I gotWanda here , and it took every bit of two days to get the mess cleaned out . She would suck up the sediment #Almost an inch deep in spots where the circulation made it accumulate # . It of course would clog the sand filter and i would have to backwash/rinse , reprime , and start over again . With Wanda the cleaning was much much much easier . When she gives out , I will definitely be getting another.Couple of notes
 Let me start by saying Pool Supply Warehouse has been WONDERFUL . I ordered `` Wanda '' back in March so I would n't have to wait for it when we finally opened the pool . With that being said ... she would work great if only my pool did n't have TONS of little dents in the bottom that made her get stuck . I called the seller and explained that I installed it this past weekend and it just did n't work for our pool :-LRB- :-LRB- wish she did . The area of the pool that were leveled she worked like a charm ! Anyhow they took great care of me and I was able to get my money back less 10 percent restock fee -LRB- I did try to use it so it is n't new anymore -RRB- GREAT company to deal with . I just ordered again from them . They 've got my business . I do n't know how other sellers would have settled this ... Thanks Pool Supply : -RRB-
 This is the best thing I have bought for our pool ! I have to watch it because I did n't buy the thing that blocks off the ladder . Buy that !! It takes about 2 hours for Diver Dave to clean the entire pool . Our pool is a 24ft . above ground . Diver Dave gets the pool clean !!! No more stuff settling on the floor overnight . I used to have a tiny pile of settled stuff in the very center of the pool everyday - no more ! We do get in while the vacuum is running but stay out of its way . We do not touch it or the hose . It is programed to cover the entire pool so if you interrupt the cycle it wo n't clean it all . I was worried because I had read a review where it tore a hole in someone 's liner . If it tilts over or gets stuck under the ladder it is going to keep turning and I suppose that could eventually eat through the liner if left for a long period of time . I have let it clean for an hour turned off the pump and start it back in the morning to finish . I did have to go to a plumbing store and have them rig up an adapter to get it to fit my Hayward Filter . The adapter was a couple bucks but it took the guy about an hour ! Awesome buy on Amazon and with the Chase credit card offer you ca n't beat the price !
 We have an Intex 16 ' x 48 '' ultra frame , above ground pool . We live in a highly wooded area ... I mean LOTS of trees . So we had quite a problem with keeping the pool clean , as you may imagine . I saw this product on Amazon , which , by the way , is the best price around , and ordered it . After purchasing it , I thought I needed a different type of skimmer , and called our Intex pool dealer , and was told that Wanda could not be used in this type of pool . After some consideration of my options , I decided to go ahead and hook her up , and try her . To make a long story short , I found it necessary to purchase the Hayward Leaf Canister -LRB- see below -RRB- , in order to filter the larger debris , but found that we needed a bit more of a filter , since there is so much small debris from the trees . I added a cloth filter bag from an old venturi vacuum type cleaner , and this did the trick.Wanda now cleans the pool wonderfully , in spite of all the trees around us . We have found that using a filter on the pump that is ready to be trashed , saves on the filters , since Wanda sends ALL the debris up the line , and the filter gets all the really fine particles that ca n't be trapped any other way.So we highly recommend Wanda the Whale , even for the size and type pool that we have , and in spite of the recommendation of the Intex dealer . We LOVE her!Hayward Standard Leaf Canister W560
 Read the reviews and bought one . It works great . No problems in my 16 ' round pool . We run it with with a large sand fiter and it is perfect for our lifestyle . More fun , less time cleaning !
 I wish that I would have bought this last year for my above ground pool . Took only a few minutes to set up . I have an INTEX inflatable pool so I had to go to a home improvement store and buy an reducer pipe adaptor to fit in to the adapter that came with it not really a big deal but it took a little effort to get it to fit . Works very well when my pump cycles daily it scurries around and picks up any debris settled in the bottom of the pool .
 I 've had the aqua bug for years and wore the little thing out and am now on the diver dan for my 15 ` x25 ' oval pool . Great pool cleaner , very effective in scooping up dirt , debris , bugs , leaves . Goes around the pool steps with ease . Do n't leave twigs in the pool as those will clog the little guy up . Otherwise , could n't be easier to use . And Amazon offers a great price for this item as well .
 We live in Phoenix AZ and have nothing but blowing dirt . I bought my aqua bug 2 weeks ago , now our pool sparkles . I have owned my pool for a year now and have not seen my pool this clean . I am very pleased with this product . I hope it lasts for years to come .
 I JUST RECEIVED OUR AQUA BUG AND AFTER READING REVIEWS ABOUT IT LAST YEAR AND DECIDED TO GET ONE THIS YEAR TO CLEAN OUR POOL . WE HAVE USED THE CREEPY CRAWLER GENERIC LAST 2 YRS AND HAVE N'T BEEN REALLY HAPPY WITH IT AND GETTING IT TO OPERATE EFFICENTLY . WE STARTED OUT WITH IT THIS YEAR AND NOT A GREAT DEAL OF SUCCESS . I ORDERED THE HAYWARD LADY BUG BECAUSE I FELT GOOD ABOUT THE PRODUCT . WE JUST STARTED WITH IT YESTERDAY UPON RECEIVING IT AND IT IS FANTASTIC . IT CLEANED OUR POOL OF DEAD ALGE WASTE IN LESS THAN AN HOUR . WE WERE SO AMAZED HOW FAST AND THOROUGH THIS PRODUCT IS . IT 'S PRICED SO ECONOMICALLY THRU AMAZON AND RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT COMPLETELY . IF IN DOUBT ABOUT ITS EFFECTIVENESS GIVE IT A CHANCE AND PURCHASE ONE . YOU WO N'T REGRET IT . ITS A 5 STAR IN OUR BOOKS IN CLEANING OUR 24 ' ABOVE GROUND POOL . HAYWARD MAKES A VERY DEPENDABLE PRODUCT . GREAT LADY BUG .
 I received my Diver Dave just yesterday . It took less than 10 minutes to put it all together and get him started in the pool which was clean within 1.5 hours tops . I ca n't believe I waited so long to buy this cleaner .
 I know this particular cleaner is intended for above-ground pools but at the price I was willing to risk it with our in-ground . Wanda does a great job even in our in-ground . It struggled getting out of the deep end at first but that turned out to be because our filter needed maintenance and was not providing the suction needed . I sorted that out and now it wanders through out the entire pool . I need to manually clean the sides and occasionally sweep the corners near the steps but this is a great starter cleaner it is already giving me back my summer to enjoy our pool . With two children I am over the top about a clean pool . We have many trees in our yard and this lead to cleaning the pool almost every day . Now I can just drop Wanda in the pool and let it go while I can do other things . I may upgrade to one intended for a in-ground pool but I am going to see how long this one lasts .
 I have an Intex Easy Set 18 X 48 pool.I got this so I could save myself time spent vacuuming myself.I will say this . It does work when it works ... The vacuum power is quite good , even with a smaller pump.I have the 1600 GPH Sand Filter Pump by Intex.This is the smallest pump recommended for Wanda . It provides enough suction to clean the area where the unit is sitting , just not quite enough to make Wanda move around the pool floor as it should.Also , my pool sites on a smooth dirt base ... solid ground ... but as there are some small `` hills and valleys '' so to speak under the bottom , Wanda gets stuck . Again , I assume a stronger pump would correct this issue.So bottom line is
 This is by far the best pruchase I 've bought for the pool . It cleans our 12x24 in about 1 hour .
 I absolutely love the Haywood `` Diver Dave '' pool cleaner . It performs much better than expected . I believe that some folks have had an issue with this style of cleaner related to matching the cleaner with enough horsepower on the pump . I 'm running a 11/2 horse Haywood pump and it makes Diver Dave zip around my pool . In fact , my pool configuration even allows Dave to almost climb up and out of the pool ! Pretty much cleans every square inch of my pool . I even removed the smaller venturi to allow for more water flow through the cleaner which increased the suction at the cleaner . My pool is approx . 15 ' x 25 ' and Diver Dave completes it 's cleaning in about 90 minutes . I would recommend this cleaner to anyone , just make sure you have enough pump to make it work properly.Besides all that I got a great price by making my purchase through Amazon . I saved almost $ 60.00 off the retail price offered by my local pool supply store !!
 this was a great purchase.i am so glad i bought it.it was so easy to install and works like a champ .
 I 'm very pleased with Wanda the Whale 's performance and price . I have a small gunite -LRB- concrete/plaster -RRB- , in-ground pool with depth no deeper than 52 inches -- it 's about the same size as an above ground pool , so I do n't want to pay a lot for an in-ground cleaner . You can save yourself over $ 200 by buying this above-ground pool cleaner instead of the more expensive in-ground model from Hayward . You need 2 modifications for this unit to work with your in-ground pool
 I refuse to buy any product without first researching reviews . My dad has been talking about buying an automatic pool cleaner for months now . So when Father 's Day was approaching I knew exactly what to get him . The reviews for this product were decent and for the price , it seemed like a nice gift for my dad . My dad has the cleanest pool on our block and can be found in his pool 3 times a week during the summer with the skimmer and pool vacuum . He called me after he received it and was so excited . He had already used it and told me it was extremely easy to put together and does a wonderful job cleaning his above ground pool . The funny `` Diver Dave '' character cracked him right up , as well . He likes it so much he has recommended it to my uncle who has also bought the same `` Diver Dave '' .
 I have an 18x48 INTEX above ground pool ... purchased a new 2650 gallon Sand Filter Pump which works absolutely AMAZING ! -LRB- The pump that accompanies the pool is absolutely worthless -RRB- ! Wanted an automated method to keeping the floor cleaned and bought this little gem , got it here in 2 days , put her together in a few short minutes , attached her to my skimmer intake and presto , we have movement ... that is until she hits a ripple , might as well be a boulder cause she just hangs out in that same area forever ! I should 've read the other reviews and product information carefully because there 's warnings about this everywhere ! So if you were one of the lucky ones and was able to install your pool on a perfectly flat surface and spent the better half of a day to ensure there was no ripples on the floor liner ... you 'll probably find little Wanda the Whale a piece of above ground pool GOLD ... but if not , she 'll end up beside your pool , just like mine , collecting dust and withering away in the Arizona sun until I do n't feel so pained about throwing $ 100 plus bucks away .
 We have been using these plug in pest repellers for the past 3 or 4 years and they really work ! Not that you 'll see pests running from your house the instant you plug them in ... but you 'll notice the difference after a little while . Every spring we used to be overrun with spiders , earwigs and other assorted bugs . Now , we only see an occasional small spider all year ! And the rodents hate them too ! YOU HAVE TO BUY THESE !!!
 I have had bluebirds nesting in my back yard for about five years -LRB- after trapping the English sparrows that always drove them away -RRB- . I had a pine bluebird box but it required various modifications
 My husband and I have the size bigger and love it . We just got my in-laws the mini smoker , since there are just two of them , and they have already had so much fun with it . We have cooked in this loads and have never been disappointed . Highly recommended and fun to experiment with !
 Received this for Christmas and used it for the first time the other day . We ended up smoking some chicken breasts , which came out with great flavor and very moist , but it left my house smelling like smoke for a few hours . Some of the reviews I read said it left their house smelling pleasantly like the scent of smoked meat ... I found that it left the house smelling like burnt campfire wood , and not exactly in a good way . The product itself smokes food well , and I will use it again , I will just probably use it on my outdoor gas grill instead of my stovetop .
 This is the best smoker . So easy to use and clean up . Comes with plenty of chips and some great recipes . Definitely a must have
 I 've owned a Cameron mini-smoker for over four years now , and used it so many times I lost count long ago . It is easy to use and clean , and I 'm sure it will be in service for many years to come . It 's not very heavy , but it is very well made and strong . Most of all , it makes wonderful , savory meals a breeze . Smoked fish is done in less than half an hour without making a mess , and it 's so tasty you ca n't wait for the next meal . It just does n't get any better than this .
 pkg . arrived finei thought i liked bbq salmon but omg this was so good even the thinner end that got a little over done was moist inside . . ca n't wait to try something else . .
 ehat a great product ! my daughter had one , and what i saw that she could do with it , i knew i had to have one . i even smoked a rack of ribs -LRB- cut to fit -RRB- and the were fabulous ! kudos for this product .
 I have one that I bought years ago , love it , and now bought one for my uncle & aunt.It does what it claims ... easy to use in the kitchen -LRB- no need to roll out the grill in the yard/deck -RRB- .
 What can I say , this is my second Mini Smoker and I also ordered the larger one as well !
 I 've used it twice so far -- fish and pork -- and the results are very good . The only potential problem is the sliding lid on the top which looks as it it could get out of alignment rather easily . Otherwise a very good product for indoor smoking .
 We just purchased this smoker a few weeks ago . Love the flavor it gives to the meat . Tried some pork chops first time and they needed to cook longer than the smoker said . Fish is great in it . It is really a pain to clean though . Takes a long time .
 First off , I love what I can do w / this smoker . Killer for fish , great ribs , ca n't wait to try many other things . IT IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR A BARBECUE GRILL . That being said , it has it 's uses , and does a fine job.My problem has been the `` made in China '' aspect . The first one I received , the handle bracket was attached crooked , and the handle would not stay snugged up against side of pan , flopped off at some angle . Returned that one and received a second , almost worse than the first . Called the company -LRB- Cameron Cookware -RRB- and advised them of the problem . THEY sent me another , but I must say even this one is not right . But I give up , I want the pan badly enough I 'm going to keep it . I must commend Cameron for their effort to make things right tho .
 I love cooking in my stove top smoker . For quick cooking this is the best with easy clean up . I am not a good cook but for me using the stove top smoker I do n't mind getting in the kitchen.Jan Alexander
 This cooker is a wonderful addition to my cookware . I highly recommend to anyone who loves smoked food . Order it , you wo n't be sorry .
 I received my item very promptly , the next day ! That is unbelievable ! I ca n't wait to give this as a gift and hear how it worked out .
 I bought this smoker with a Texas style barbecue brisket in mind . I can NOT believe how amazingly delicious it turned out , smoky and melt in your mouth tender . We 've since smoked salmon , andouille , and mozzerella , all with impressive results . It is beyond easy to use , and the smoke released into our kitchen was pretty minimal . Do line the drip tray in heavy foil for easier clean up , and turn your fan on high .
 For one who never did anything like this before , I found this unit easy to use , and fun . The instructions were clear and uncomplicated . I used my own recipies , but followed the directions on how to use it and was n't disappointed in the result . I made patties and a loaf of venison sausage that were great . It was also very easy to clean . A quick run under the hot tap to remove loose items , then in the dish washer it went and came out clean and ready to do another job . I am looking forward to another try at links . I did enjoy the scent of Hickory wafting through the house as well . So , for the first time user , this is great . The only draw back is if you want to do large amounts , it wo n't work , as it is made for small ones . But when you 're two in a house hold , that works just fine . I give it a 4 out of 5 simply because I did have some difficulty putting the lid on and removing it . Plus , it is a bit on the thin side , material wise . I did expect that it would be heavier , for a lid . But all in all , it worked great .
 This piece of cooking equipment is an exceptional value . It is made of heavy , durable stainless steel and is packaged with easy to read directions . We have priced these `` smokers '' at other places and have found the same quality at excessive prices . Thank you for making this smoker and poacher available .
 For those of us looking for that little different taste profile without alot of mess , here is the your next culinary adventure . Add alot of flavor with just a tablespoon or two of flavored wood -LRB- included -RRB- to a lonely chicken breast , tuna , mahi-mahi , salmon , sirloin , to name a few of the wonderful meals you can create with this smoker . Very easy to use and well worth the 20-30 minutes -LRB- follow the directions -RRB- you need to complete the meal.Works on any stovetop or your grill . The best part is that you can smell the smoke but you dont see any it anywhere . Another great benefit is that you can add flavor with adding calories .
 Great product , well-constructed . I 've cooked ribs , fish , chicken with the hickory chips and they all came out great ! Smoky but juicy ! My house does smell like smoke for a day , but the smoke seems to dissipate by the next day . I 've found it helps reduces the smoke a little if I put another cooking pot on top the the lid . Only problem is that currently I only have one of these and now I need to order a second one so I can make a bigger batch at once . This is a great price . My first one cost $ 60.00 .
 As a outdoor got ta use charcoal , dyed in the wool BBQ nutI was skeptical , a stovetop smoker ??? NO WAY , but I bought one anyway , and was impressed . The baby back ribs were tender juicy and smokey , as were the chicken breasts and the trout . I 'm not saying you should toss out your grills and outdoor smokers , it does not take the place of either , but if your cooking a small amout of food for one or two people , its really good . Do not expect it to stay bright and shinney though , it will blacken more and more with each use , but they say in the instuctions , thats good becuase , you 're using it
 I bought the Cameron smoker about a year ago and I decided to break it out and try it . My first piece of salmon I Ever smoked was using cherry chips -- it was fantastic ! . Now I do n't have to run to the specialty store for smoked lox anymore . I used Elder on my last 2 pieces I smoked the other day and again it come out great . I have adjust the temp from medium to low to get the right cooking time because I like mine a little under cooked . No more frying after this -- and as we ca n't BBQ in our apartment this is the perfect choice . I usually turn on the vents and open the front door for 15 minutes . Also can use foil to seal in the smoking . I give this five stars ***** -- Brandi *
 I 've had so much fun with this smoker . I was afraid it would create a smoke haze in the kitchen , but it does n't at all . You just get a pleasant fragrance from the wood chips . I 've fixed smoked tomatoes for a shrimp-tomatoes bisque that was great , smoked mushrooms , even a great alder-smoked salmon fillet . Yum !
 I love this product . I have had it for about 2 years now . It is great if you live somewhere where you ca n't BBQ outside , the smoke flavor is not the same as charcoal but it is very very tasty . Little to no smoke gets into the house with use . It is well made and will probably continue to function properly for years to come .
 This is the best item I have bought . I 'm from Texas and grew up on smoked brisket , sausage , etc. . Now I 'm in Utah , in an apartment and ca n't have a full size smoker and this as shocked me with how well it works .
 I have used this item 3 times since it arrived . I 've smoked salmon , tuna , and a brisket . Everything has been great . It is especially nice since our area has been in a ` burn ban ' prohibiting outdoor cooking . You use a lot less wood than cooking on and outdoor smoker but the you do n't lose any taste . I recommend this item highly .
 This smokes ribs as good as my brother 's outdoor smoker , and in far less time . Works great for chicken drumsticks also , and I 'm getting ready to try salmon . A little too much smoke kept escaping from under the lid , so now I seal it with aluminum foil and just use the lid for storage . As with other reviewers , my whole apartment now has a pleasant BBQ smell . As someone who ca n't cook outside , I 'm very appreciative of this wonderful device . Highly recommended !
 As usual , service and pricing from Amazon were excellent . Smoker is fantastic and easy to use . Highly recommend .
 I love this thing and have used this more in the oven and grill than on the stovetop . Since its covered You can slow roast meat while keeping it moist and off the fat on the rack . Try country ribs this way sometime . Put on a rub and a little water in the bottom and cook for 4 hours at 275 . -LRB- 2 hours at 350 will work too -RRB- . My only complaint is with the handles that I do n't use and are constantly getting in the way and taking up valuable space in the grill/oven surface area . They are such a pain i am getting some bolt cuters to get rid of them .
 actually got this before my first offset smoker . this is great ! i can make a rack of ribs in less than 11/2 hours ... people have chosen my Memphis ribs done in this smoker over the ones done on the grill . seals well -LRB- just a hint of `` does someone have the fireplace on ?? '' -RRB- . bear in mind , that since it seals well , steam is also sealed in , so it 's not dry and crispy . . if you want that , finish off in the oven -LRB- or grill -RRB- . but juicy ??? oh my !!! also have the mini smoker , also great . done ribs , chicken , fish , all great . Now it 's not the same thing as 8 hours in an offset smoker , but it 's pretty damn close . . only negative is that I wish , as others said , that pan was a little deeper . . so that the effective space was the depth of a regular roaster . as it is , when I do half chickens , they are `` squooshed '' against the lid.and this is actually my favorite pan to make my Chicago Italian beef in `` juice '' . have also used smaller wood chips with no ill effects.hint
 I have used this with fantastic results , very easy to set up : - Cover the bottom of the pan with foil -LRB- for easy clean up -RRB- - Put a pile of wood chips in the center of the pan -LRB- I always use more than they recommend for a more intense flavor -RRB- - Cover the bottom of drip pan with foil -LRB- same as above , for easy clean up -RRB- - Put the drip pan and rack on top of the wood chips - Next comes the meat -LRB- favorites are
 This is one of the best investments I 've ever made ! I love smoked fish , and this little item has been excellent for providing me with inexpensive meals . It does cause a bit of smoke to escape into the kitchen , but it 's really not a big deal if you have an exhaust fan over your stove . I recommend lining the entire thing with foil for easy cleanup , and I follow the manufacturer 's recommendation of using Pam on the grille to keep the fish from sticking . After purchasing , I saw that it 's NOT recommended for flat top ranges unless you have a large burner which my stove has . I 've had no problem using it on my flat-top Jenn-Air .
 I use a tin foil pan instead of aluminum foil .12.25 '' X 8.25 '' X 1.25 `` I use Jiffy-Foil . It works great , no more taking time to wrap the drip pan.It only cost $ 40.00 / 100 that 's only .40 cents.Handi-Foil 30940 Aluminum Sheet Cake Pan , 1/4 Size -LRB- 30940HFA -RRB- Category
 I bought this for my husband for our Anniversary -LRB- tin/alluminum -RRB- . He loves to cook , but does n't do it very often . I have not personally used it , but my husband says it is very easy to use . I can , however , vouch for the taste ... YUMMY ! He has made chicken and pork ribs in the smoker and they were delicious.It does n't fill the house with smoke , but if you put in hot peppers or hot spices with the meat , it will choke you . You may need to open windows and doors .
 I saw a stovetop smoker like this on Emeril live , and I told my son I had to have one . He gave me one forChristmas and I love it.It is a kitchen must have .
 I 've had this little smoker for a few years . Have made only salmon in it , but get rave reviews every time . I confess I bought mine at Sur la Table for the same price as Amazon . Like other reviewers have said , the finish is ruined after the first use unless you have the time , energy , and desire to scrub away at it . I do n't . Wo n't smoke up your kitchen if you close the lid at the first wisp of smoke , keep the temp on the low side , and KEEP THE VENT RUNNING . Very important . Made a smoked salmon spread as an appetizer for Thanksgiving , and it was a huge hit . Simply defrosted a package of Trader Joe 's wild salmon and popped it in the smoker unseasoned . Lots of questions from the guests about how I smoked it and where they too can find a stovetop smoker .
 I bought this smoker as an anniversary gift to my husband who LOOOOVVES to cook . This is our favorite kitchen tool now because it makes simple dishes simply amazing ! It 's perfect for busy people who have little prep time but would still like a good decent meal . If you 're tired of tasteless chicken breasts , this is a good tool to bring out their flavor . Leave the chicken in a marinade and then pop it into the smoker when done ... instant savory meal ! Only downside is , it will definitely leave your house smelling like smoked chicken/salmon , so better stock up on Oust .
 Saw this on Emeril and had to try it . How hard could it be to operate ? Not a problem . Put two teaspoons of dry wood -LRB- alder is my favorite -RRB- in the bottom pan , next cover that with the drip pan -LRB- lined with tinfoil for ease of cleanup -RRB- , then place in the grating and place in your food . I have only used this smoker for fish which I now eat without any sauce on the side . The fish is very moist and delicious after `` smokin '' for 25 minutes . Minimum amount of smoke escapes but not enough to set off the smoke alarm and leaves a pleasant smell in the air . Clean-up is a breeze as long as you use tinfoil in the drip pan . Do n't worry about the burn stain on the stainless steel pan . It 's normal and shows you are using it . A must buy and afforable for Christmas . Expand your eating experience right at home . A very recommended buy .
 My wife and I had been considering this stove top smoker for years after seeing it many times on various cooking shows . We finally broke down and decided to buy one after we figured it would help us eat more fish and be a healthy way to prepare other meats like chicken and pork . We were really surprised at how much smoke flavor is absorbed into the meats after cooking only 25 minutes on average . We had high expectations for the product going into buying and I must say the smoker has exceeded our expectations . We use it once to twice a week and have used it with salmon filets -LRB- best I have ever had -RRB- , pork chops , chicken breast , chicken wings -LRB- tossed in buffalo wing sauce after smoking -RRB- , beef skirt , beef flank , sausage and pork loin . Depending on what you make some browning is necessary through other methods , so it is not necessary an easy way to prepare foods , but it is worth it . It does not take much of the wood chips each time so the cost per use is lower than we planned on .
 This smoker is so easy to use and no , it does not smoke up the kitchen ! The salmon was excellent . Usually my husband stays out of the kitchen but now he is plotting to use the smoker on the outdoor grill . We both see endless possibilities !
 It is absolutely terrific . I use it in my small apartment with very poor ventilation . Everything I have smoked so far is delicious , and the remaining odour is similar to a woodburning fireplace.I really like it
 This smoker arrived on schedule . The product exceeded my expectations in appearence , quality and performance . The instructions were straight forward and adequate . The supply and variety of wood chips are a nice touch to get started . I will look for `` Cameron Cookware '' products on Amazon in the future.Cameron Cookware Stainless Steel Stovetop SmokerCameron Cookware Gourmet Mini Smoker
 Just received my Cameron stovetop smoker and tried it out last night . It comes with four different wood chips . I used the alder wood chips and marinated some chicken breast before putting it in the smoker . It tasted wonderful , a hit of smokey taste without being overpowered by the smoke.I used it on my range and was worried that it would smoke up the house and turn on the smoke alarms but with the hood vent going on low some smoke escaped the cooker but not much . I would highly recommend this cooker . Tonight is Salmon ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I never owned a smoker but , thought that it would be good to use with fish . -LRB- Need to lower my cholesterol -RRB- I was amazed at how wonderful the salmon turned out . Good flavor and really moist . I would definitely recommend to everyone . I will actually be buying a few more for my family members .
 ... it 's worth it.I now wish I had bought this YEARS ago . When I look back on all the money I 've wasted on inferior , expensive smoked salmon from a grocery store/deli , it makes me very , very , very sad.My first batch of -LRB- alder -RRB- smoked salmon was phenomenal . When it was done , I tried a small piece as a taste-test and ended up eating almost half!I was a bit leery about the clean-up , but I found it to be quite easy -- just watch out for the ashes sticking to the bottom of the drip-pan . Brush those off , shove the whole thing in the dishwasher and you 're done.I ca n't wait to try turkey breast , chicken , ribs , pork chops , corn-on-the-cob ...
 This product is everything as described and everything I could hope for in a stovetop smoker . I got the mini size which is reasonably priced and perfect for 1 to 2 people . VERY easy and convenient to use . You get all the flavor and fragrance of outdoor charcoal grilling without the boring , time-consuming , sometimes-fiery preparation and cleanup . I love it , recommend it to anyone!Cameron Cookware Gourmet Mini Smoker
 I 've used the smoker pan several times , and ca n't get the lid fit right . Some smoke escapes . Last time I put Reynolds Wrap over the top of the lid to seal it in and that works . The pan is of good steel gauge , and the smoke flavor is great . I just wish it fit together better .
 I love this smoker so much I e-mailed Cameron & told them I 'd smoke toast if someone would eat it ! I 've only had it 8 days & I 've made chicken twice , ribs , steak & potatos . It 's just plain fun , easy & good !
 I made dinner for two friends using the smoker and both immediately ordered one for their husbands .
 Used the smoker on our gastop stove and found it to be very good and with a good smoke flavor .
 This was done on an outdoor BBQ . Bring your insulated gloves , one for each hand . 1pr channel lock pliers . 1/2 `` flat screw driver about 10 '' long , One pad 400 grit wet-dry sanding paper . you 'll need a oven temp gauge to get a true idea how long to cook the product . Sand the rails and smooth all tool marks as smooth as you can . The first time you open the smoker you have to work at it ! Use a full length body bib . When you finish cooking the product let the unit cool a bit and the lid will slide open with some tuging on the tab and prying with the screw driver . On the second use , it was a pleasure to use . The lid opened with a slight tug and the meat was fantastic ! Use nonstick spray and a pan liner . This is a great way to cook . We love it .
 Excellent product . does a great job with meats and vegetables , in the oven or on the stovetop , almost as good as my outdoor smoker .
 I bought this for my husband and he loves it ! The meat came out exceptionally tender and perfectly smoked . The recipes in the booklet it comes with are really good too ! It was n't too hard to clean up , but it will start turning black , which is ok since it shows that you 're using it . And it wo n't affect the food in anyway .
 I think that everyone should have one of these . This is just as important as a sauce pan . I have made pulled pork and chicken breasts in it . Everything comes out so nice and juicey and full of the smoke scent you put into it . We used hickory on both and it came out gteat . The only bad thing is it 's a bad clean up but that 's to be expected . Also , if you have one of those galss tops stoves you ca n't use it .
 Only used it once so far , however , it was the best Salmon I 've ever had . Very easy to operate and convenient.Thanks !!!!!!!
 Husband loves this . He 's been using it for almost every meal , and the meat he 's been turning out of the kitchen has been really , really flavorful . Needed some tweaking at first to keep it from smoking up the house -LRB- but I guess that 's part of the normal process , per the instructions -RRB- , but now I ca n't even tell he used it . He 's made ribs , chicken , burgers , and all have been the best he 's ever made . Bravo !
 its a really good home smoker you just have to have goo ventelation so it does ' t stick up the whole house .
 This stove top smoker is one of the best products I have ever used -LRB- and I use it often -RRB- . I have had this thing for about 5 or 6 years now . It is as good as the day I bought it . I smoke chicken and ribs mainly but you can smoke just about anything that you could in a regular smoker -LRB- just not as much in terms of amount -RRB- . It is easy to clean and the wood chips are reasonable in price . You only use about a teaspoon to a tablespoon depending on what you are smoking . I would highly recommend this product . The best wood to use is hickory -LRB- it is the all around best for all types of meats -RRB- . The next best as far as i have found is the Cherry . It imparts a nice fruity taste to meat . If anything happens to this smoker , I will certainly buy another one . This product is one that lasts and lasts !
 Stovetop smokers use a smoke infusion technique & quick cooking times . They 're not true smokers -LRB- do n't expect hours of smoking & that pink smoke ring in the meat -RRB- . The Camerons mini does n't hold a lot , maybe 4 to 5 big brat sausages . Unfortuately the shallowness of the pan restricts the thickness of items you can put in . The wood product used to smoke is
 I first learned about stovetop smokers from watching Sara Moulten cooking show . This smoker is a great product . Made from quality stainless steel . I have smoked chicken quarters & breats twice , Salmon fillets , and beef short ribs . all came out great . I used the enclosed smoker chips . I highly recommend buying this smoker .
 The unit is very easy to use on the barbeque . I have a smooth top range so this is my prefered method . Everything I have tried so far has come out excellent !
 Love this thing is very simple to use . It came with some wood chips get you started . It 's also pretty versatile . You can smoke in it in the house does n't get all smoky smelling , you can also use it as a roasting pan or to steam . It 's very easy to use and works as advertised
 The Stove Top Smoker was very easy to use . The directions were great . Thank you
 I came across this at a friends house . I expected him to tell me that it was $ 150 at Crate and Barrel and when he told me the $ 40 price tag I almost lost it . Throw some wood chips in , add the tray , put on your meat/veggies , pop on the top and there you have it . Chicken , ribs , fish , vegetables , you name it!I had never made ribs , I made two racks and they were incredible . I had two friends over when I made them and they each now own one . Your house will smell like smoke -LRB- but the good kind of grilling type smoke -RRB- , but this can also be used on a grill . For the performance and price I would buy this again 100 times . You will also have to play with the stove temperature , for instance I have found when it is too high it tends to smoke more than you want it to .
 Great for two people , it gave the meat a tender smoky taste and did n't smoke the house up any more than bringing meat in from an outdoor smoker . Smaller than I had envisioned holds about four boneless pork chops or chicken breasts .
 This works superbly for salmon . I originally bought the full size for myself , and wish I 'd gotten the mini , since I rarely cook for a crowd , plus storage is easier.This is a great product ! I put a little extra foil over the ends to hold smoke in , but even without it , it 's not a problem if I have my range hood fan on . The food tastes great , and the house does too .
 This little smoker workes better than I thought it would . Now that it 's cold outside , I can place a couple of food items that I would like to have smoked for us inside the house or the motorhome and have it ready in no time . Wife really likes it also .
 Do n't use it often but when I do it works just fine . And the food I can creat in the cold winter days make it feel like a summer meal .
 I gave this as a gift to my stepdad and it makes excellent smoked salmon ! Sure , the house does get a bit smokey , but it is well worth it considering the flavor .
 This is a well-made product . We do n't like the smell of smoke in our house , however faint , so we just put this outdoors on the BBQ and it works really , really well.We 've been cooking salmon filets with alder . Super simple
 This is a gem of a kitchen tool.It is simple to use and gives results in as little as 15 minutes . We have been cooking trout fillets -LRB- one side only -RRB- with little or not marinade on the fish and just a tiny pile of 1 tablespoon of wood chips for flavour.The result is moist and tasty - great with just a salad!Thank you !
 I 've had this smoker several weeks now and have used it 4 times -- for boneless chicken breasts , fish , pork chops and a small boneless pork roast . It is easy to use and everything I 've smoked has been delicious . I 've had a big old charcoal smoker for years and love to cook big portions of meat on it , but this gives great smoke flavor for smaller cuts and takes less than an hour . I have no complaints at all so far .
 Have only used this product once , but see a great future of indoor smoking . Made cherry smoked cheeseburgers the day I got it . My daughter and I loved them . I recommend this for anyone , especially the amateur smoker .
 I very rarely review my purchases , but I just had to post a review on this stovetop smoker . It is fantastic !! I smoked a bone-in pork butt roast with the cherry woodchips and then used homemade bbq sauce . The meat was succulent with just the right amount of smoke . We had been purchasing pulled pork from a local bbq restaurant and while it was excellent , the ratio of fat to meat over the last few months had become intolerable . After reading some of the reviews , I was afraid my kitchen would be filled with smoke , but that is definitely not the case ! Absolutely no smoke escaped , but the wonderful aroma of roasting pork with just a hint of woodsmoke filled the house with a delectable aroma . I highly recommend this product . I ca n't wait to try all our favorite meats with this smoker !!
 This works great ! It 's too bad that my sample wood chips did n't come with the mesquite flavor , so I had to buy those separate . But I made a fantastic 4lb brisket using the hickory chips and you could pick up a great smokiness . Yum ! I highly recommend this indoor smoker .
 My mother went to Sweden this summer and saw a smoker in use . The fish was the best she had tasted . When she came home and described it , we looked on line and found this one . My husband does the cooking and has made several meals with it . Guests are impressed with the wonderful flavor and texture . My husband is happy with the ease of use . It is a sturdy piece of cookware , works on gas or the BBQ , and the metal turns an impressive dark color very quickly .
 Love it ! Works just as described . I have had no difficulties with it and the smoked salmon is to die for !
 This product is easy to use and creates excellent ribs and smoked fish every time . It is sturdy and well made .
 Love this product ! It makes the best fish and even smokes cheese ! It offers endless opportunities for wonderful meals !
 works great , but smokes a little to much.tried to `` adjust '' as per instructions but not much help , other than that i smoked some ribs and they were great!cleanup not so easy but o.k.next time will try aluminum foil on bottom .
 I have never used a smoker before and day two I produced alder smoked salmon that tasted so good I almost busted my diet for it.Why day two ? I was busy day one and did n't have time to find the terrific deal I did on a 2 lb slab of salmon . The aroma while it smoked made my stomach rumble and after I tried a bit of the first piece -LRB- I had the guy at the fish counter cut the slab in two -RRB- , I almost ate the whole thing there and then . I was n't even really hungry at the time , it just tasted so good.I 'm going to smoke some of the corned beef brisket I took out of the pickle last week and make pastrami loaf using the recipe in my copy of Greenstein 's Jewish Baker 's Secrets.I 'm going to smoke a couple of pounds of deckel with the hickory chips as a substitute for bacon since I keep kosher ; it 's going to save me $ 21 compared to buying the little vacuum packs.I 'm going to smoke a turkey breast . There 's hardly anything I like better than smoked turkey , but the nitrates in the commercial stuff kill me with migraine if I have a patch of insomnia or the weather goes wrong -LRB- fast moving winter cold fronts -RRB- . Grill ? I do n't really need a grill unless the power goes out . It often does -- I have Pepco , the most reviled company in America . I found a little hibachi type grill for if I get desperate for hot tea or hot food.Plus I can use this to keep food hot on the table , roast things in the oven , steam food which is really good for dieting because it cuts down on fat ... Oh yeah , I 'm loving it.I almost spent fifty bucks more on a freestanding smoker grill , but the stovetop smoker has so many benefits . It 's compact . I do n't need to start a fire . I do n't spread the smell of smoke over the neighborhood for hours scaring my neighbors . I do n't take most of the day on one piece of meat . I do n't have to fiddle with temperatures or wait until a cool day -- I live near DC and the motto here is do n't like the weather -- wait a minute and it will change .
 It took a couple of MONTHS to receive this order ! Seems they ran out of stock and were in no real hurry to replenish . They offered me a refund , but I really wanted this smoker -LRB- hence the order I placed -RRB- , so I waited . The Cameron Smoker is one heavy duty piece of equipment ! It 's been featured on Emeril 's show , and is certainly of professional grade construction .
 I see good reviews on cooking results Cameron 's Stovetop Smoker . Do the wood chips burn on the bottom of the pan , or just produce smoke to cook the food ?
 I ordered this item for a Christmas gift to learn the recipient had already recieved the same gift from Amazon .
 I bought this for my husband 's birthday this December . When it arrived I was dissapointed that the top of the smoker 's lid had scratches on it that are very hard to ignore . I decided not to return it since it was only cosmetic , but it was still a let down . The set of wood chips were a nice bonus , and overall it looks like a great product .
 I purchased this stovetop cooker after watching Emerill live on TV ! He was smoking a beef brisket , and I had been only on occasion using a large bulky outdoor smoker . After receiving the smoker from Amazon , and using it on 4 occasions , I find that it does a great job , without any smoke in the kitchen , and cooks the items I have tried in a very short time . If I have a complaint , it is the fact that the stainless steel used becomes terribly discolored and is just about impossible to completely remove the discoloring ! However since this discoloring does not do any harm to the smoker , and the smoker works so well , I accept the one problem , and continue to use it for all kinds of food , meats , vegetables , etc. . It comes with a small Cameron recipe pamphlet ! Well worth the cost if you like smoke flavored foods .
 The key to getting the most from this product is to go above what the instructions call for . For instance , if the instructions call for 11/2 tablespoons of wood chips , put in 3-4 . That will give you the smoky flavor that you are looking for . Also , if the instructions call for medium heat on your stove , go slightly above that -LRB- for example , medium setting is 5 set it to 6 or 7 . That will not only insure good smoked flavor but it will also cook the food thoroughly and give you the color you are looking for . Be aware that stoves are different and my stove is electric so gas stoves may do the trick if set at medium heat . And finally you may want to extend your cooking time as well 10 minutes or so beyond what instructions call for to get the smoke flavor and tenderness you are looking for . For salmon I usually cook it 45-60 minutes . Hope this helps someone who might be on the verge of throwing their smoker away . : -RRB-
 This stovetop smoker is amazing . We currently own theChar Broil Silver Smokerand it take 5 + hours to smoke fish and meats . The stovetop smoker can achieve the same results in about 30-40 minutes . I love using different varietities of the smoking chips and foods come out tender , juicy and full of flavor . Clean up is simple since I use foil to line the bottom of the drip pan . All I have to do is toss out the smoking chips ashes , peel back the aluminum foil , give it a quick wash and rinse to get any moisture or any food splatter on the lid and store it until the next use . This unit does not fill your house with smoke but you can smell the wonderful aroma of cedar , apple , mesquite or whatever flavor of chips you use.Since I have a smooth top stove and do not want to scratch the surface , I use the stovetop smoker on top ofSanyo HPS-SG3 200-Square-Inch Electric Indoor Barbeque Grill , Blackand also use it on with myWeber 586002 Q 320 Portable Outdoor Gas Grill . Using it on the Weber Grill gets slower cooking results but it is great to take to picnics and camping to smoke up those fish you catch !
 I 've had this smoker for about 6 months and these are my thoughts so far .1 . Salmon cooked in this smoker is unbelievably good . Without doubt the best fish I have ever tasted and if you cook nothing else in this unit it 's worth the price for the salmon alone . Chicken , potatoes and ribs also great .2 . I first used it on my ceramic topped range indoors . I wo n't do that again . I am sure it caused damage to one of the heating rings on the range as a pinhole appeared in the ceramic top . There is a warning about that in the limited information sheet , but I ignored it - my own fault . Also -LRB- for me -RRB- too much smoke in the house . It took days for the smell to go away with all windows open and fans running . Maybe I used too much wood chips .3 . My suggestion is to use it on a barbecue outside . That 's what I do . On a propane barbecue with the unit sitting on the grill , barbecue lid down , burners on high , it works great . Burners on low caused fish to cook too long and not be a moist in the center . I guess all barbecues give out different amounts of heat so yours might be different .4 . Buy extra wood chips -LRB- I like oak best -RRB- you will be cooking a lot of smoked food when you first buy this Cameron .5 . Buy the book `` Smokin '' by Chris Styler with the Cameron . It 's a great book written specifically for the Cameron with cooking times and great tips .6 . Keeping the unit pristine clean is too much work . I wash in hot water and detergent then place in dishwasher . All my other cooking pots and fry pans I keep in new like condition but I quickly gave up on the Cameron . Now , after cleaning as best I can , I leave it out on the barbecue.Hope this helps .
 After reading some less than stellar reviews I got a bit nervous , but I have to say after having this smoker a few weeks I could n't be happier . So far I 've made salmon , grouper , chicken , pork chops and ribs and each one came out perfect and juicy . In fact its so good for fish I would have bought it for that alone had I known . I used it once outside on my grill for ribs and was n't happy with the results although it was probably the grill 's fault . I 've used it in the house all the other times , The second time I cooked the ribs for an hour inside then finished them up in the oven after taking the chips out -LRB- got that recipe from -LSB- ... -RSB- from Emeril 's show which is where I first saw this smoker -RRB- I 've had a cold smoker in the past and while this is no substitute , it really is a great little item for cooking everyday foods . One complaint some commented on was the smell in the house when cooking , I have not noticed a problem with that at all , no more than any other cooking method . One corner does n't seal as well as I like so I just put some foil over that part . All in all its a really good product that I would have no hesitation recommending .
 I 've used my Cameron Smoker for a coupla of years now and have been delighted with the results.I 've smoked a mess of chicken , mostly wings and breasts.Lamb , shrimp and ribs also.It will take yu a few times to get the hang of it and not set off your smoke detector.anyhow . . I endorse this pan ,100 % . It 's very well made and will last me my lifetime and then some.The pan with the lid closed tightly gets very hot and you can cook smaller cuts of stuff without another step.I use my Camerons for `` big '' stuff like chicken breasts.It gives them a great flavor and then broil them till done.Smaller goodies like shrimp , lamb or beef stew meat , marinated over night and placed on skewers , do not require cooking.They will cook in the Cameron about 10 minutes for shrimp and 20 to 30 for meat kabobs.Also , babybax need no additional cooking after the smoking process.I eat them all the time indoors now because it 's quick and easy with this smoker.I love it.Salmon is next.Then I 'm going to attempt a little 3lb pork shoulder.Smoke it a bit longer and perhaps put in a metal camping cup of water to keep it from drying out.I 'll let you know how it worked .
 Well made and heavy construction . Arrived with a dent , and minus the sample smoke chips . Customer Care sent a replacement and a return slip for the damaged one with no hassles.My cousin has one of these and loves it , so I bought it knowing I could n't use it on my ceramic cooktop , hoping to use in the oven as other reviwers have suggested . This did not work for me ; the chips never smoked . I guess they really need the direct contact heat .
 My husband and I had purchased a Cameron Stainless Steel Stovetop Smoker for our use , after using it to smoke baby back ribs for 45 minutes then putting them in the oven on low temperature for a few hours -LRB- with Barbeque sauce on them -RRB- , we were more than satisfied with our purchase . We recently ate at a Barbeque place that advertised that they had placed 2nd in a cookoff for their ribs , but I guarantee that our ribs were 200 % better than theirs !!!! So we decided to purchase 3 more smokers to give to our sons and daughter-in-laws for Christmas presents . -LRB- Which we plan on giving them to them in September so they can enjoy them early !! -RRB-
 I am an avid outdoor smoker . However , the last year I was laid up with some health issues and could n't get outside to do any smoking . I saw this stovetop smoker on one of the Food Network shows . I searched the internet until I found one . It works great . I smoke the cut of meat until it is about 15 minutes from being done then I take the lid off and put it under the broiler to finish cooking and give it some color . The meat is tender and has the same smokey taste as if it had been done in an outdoor smoker . I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys good smoked meat .
 Easy to use and clean and it works great . My husband makes the best smoked foods out of it . The only problem is that the drip pan warped after two uses . Otherwise great product .
 I just tried my stovetop smoker and was amazed at the results . I 've used a large outdoor smoker for years , and was skeptical about the stovetop smoker . I used it to prepare chicken breasts , and they cooked fast and were juicy and tender , and had just the right amount of smoke flavor . I 'm looking forward to using my stovetop smoker for seafood and vegetables . It 's a great way to add flavor to food , and a very healthy way to cook.The smoker is constructed from heavy steel and is well made . I could smell the smoke as the food cooked , but it was n't intense and there was no smoke in the house . I 'll still use my outdoor smoker for batch cooking or for smoking large birds , but expect to get a lot of use out of the stovetop smoker .
 I lived in a condo for years and really missed cooking outdoors and the tremendous flavor of food slow smoked in a smoker . I bought this awhile ago and have been pretty happy with it . It 's stainless steel , durable and comes with samples of 4 different types of wood chips . You can buy more from Cameron international or Amazon.com . I use it all the time and never have any problems with smoke filling up the kitchen and the smoke detector never goes off . It 's a closed unit so virtually all of the smoke stays inside . If there is a problem with smoke escaping , the instructions include tips on how to correct the problem . Usually , the lid just needs a little tweaking.I think the first thing I smoked in it was salmon and let me tell you it was delicious ! I have also smoked chicken , turkey wings , sweet potatoes , potatoes , shrimp , burgers , and cheese all with excellent results . I put the potatoes in the microwave for a few minutes to shorten the cooking time . The chicken does n't brown as in a traditional outdoor smoker or grill but you can finish cooking it in the oven to brown it . If it 's smoke flavor you are after , this is a very good alternative to outdoor smoking!Cleaning the smoker is a breeze if you first spray the rack with cooking spray . Also if you line the base of the smoker and the drip pan with aluminum foil all you have to do is let it cool completely and dump the foil in the trash . This will help to keep your pans from getting black and shortens clean up time .
 As a city dweller , this is the best available product for smoking food indoors . Smoking is a wonderful cooking methodology which imparts flavor into food through the type of wood used and the smoke it produces.To use the product , simply place the wood chips inside the base of the smoker and put the food that you wish to smoke in the tray on top . Virtually any food can be smoked . The guide that comes with the smoker provides suggestions for cooking times and a series of recipes to try . Or simply try your own . Personally , I love cooking pork loin ribs low -LRB- 250 degrees -RRB- and slow -LRB- 41/2 hours -RRB- in the oven in the smoker.The smoker is made of heavy-duty stainless steel and can be washed in the dishwasher .
 I 'm not kidding - this smoker has been a revolution in our kitchen . The most important thing is to understand that it is like a Dutch oven - so while your food is smoking it 's also roasting . Salmon comes out roasted , but with the most wonderful smoke flavor - pork ribs are more juicy than if you grill them , and you have to work to dry anything out -LRB- we over cooked venison chops - thin meat does n't need much time ! -RRB- . Most foods cook in 25 minutes - although a full size chicken will smoke/roast for an hour and a half.We have a weekly dinner party and I 've been running out of ideas - this smoker has added an extensive list of options to the menu ! I just ordered my second one as I 'll need two for the quantity of foods I 'm smoking . I use the smoker to make appetizers -LRB- smoked salmon pate , smoked wings , smoked sauces and veggies ... -RRB- and I 've used it to smoke all sorts of meats - salmon , venison , chicken breasts , whole chickens , turkey breasts , pork ribs , baby back ribs ... We spend our trips to the grocer looking for inspiration for our smoker!The most surprising thing for me has been smoking vegetables . They come out moist , full of flavor and you would swear the rich smoke flavor should be adding calories ! It 's hard to believe something that tastes so rich could be healthy ! Smoked asparagus , cauliflower , tomatoes , artichokes ... fantastic!I use a layer of foil over the top to add an extra seal - for items to large for the space provided you just leave the lid off and make a foil tent -LRB- whole chickens and turkeys -RRB- it 's very easy . We have n't had a smoky kitchen yet - I 've been sending these to my family for gifts - if it 's back ordered , trust me , it 's worth the wait!Have fun smoking !
 This is a nice product for those of us who are n't fortunate enough to have a backyard grill and want to add a lite smoke flavor to the foods we cook . However , if you 've ever used a real outdoor smoker , do n't expecting results anywhere near as good.Also , the smoker I got seemed to leak quite a bit . I followed the directions about adjusting the lid but it did n't help . What I did to fix the problem was to take a pair of pliers and clamp down on the runners/guides of the lid to make a tighter seal . This helped quite a bit but I would n't recommend it unless you know you 're going to keep your smoker as it left marks .
 This is the greatest item to have in your kitchen . You do not need to use any extra spices or salt on your meet because the meat take on the tast of the wood chips . This item can also be used for steaming and poaching . You can even smoke a large turkey in it , just by tenting it with foil paper .
 I used my stovetop smoker for the first time today , and all I can say is that it works exactly as advertised . I live in a small apartment with no decent ventilation and a very rudimentary exhaust fan ; and all I got was a faint , pleasant , hickory aroma as I smoked 5 lbs . worth of brisket . The results ? I had my 2 boys over for dinner today and I now have 0 Lbs of brisket left over.After just 2 uses -LRB- I also used it on Brussels Sprouts while the brisket was finishing in the oven -RRB- , I do have one strong recommendarion . Line the drip pan with foil ; especially if you used a rub or marinade . I neglected to do so , and I have now 2 lumps of carbonized sugar that may never come off that thing.Anyway , the reason I am here tonight writing this is because I need to order more assorted wood chips . The quantities that are shipped are sample-sized and wo n't last very long . I would suggest that if you know what you want to do with the smoker , order extra chips as well . Otherwise , just sample and decide what you like best.If , like me , you live in an urban apartment with no place to cook out , this and a cast iron grill pan are an excellent substitute BBQ solution . Quite frankly ; based solely on flavor , I would be hard-pressed to tell the difference between the brisket I did today , and one done all day on an outdoor . The texture will be different , but c'est la vie .
 I purchased the regular size unit -LRB- 11x15x3 -RRB- new , about 2 years ago locally for the price of $ 35 . oo , the regular unit does a very good job - the smaller -LRB- 11x7x3 -RRB- will work just as well.I feel that the price of $ 29.95 is a little high , if it was n't for free shipping , i would havepassed it by . I feel that both units should be 5 inches high for use with thicker piecesof meat , that way you need n't use a foil balloon top to replace the cover.Other items ofinterest - - You can buy a large bag of shredded wood chips for about $ 2 . oo locally.If the smoker top releases to much smoke it can be carefully warped -LRB- see instructions -RRB- to lessen the amount of smoke released . To insure that most of the smoke goes upyour kitchen range hood , place a sheet-pan or plywood on top of your stove burners -LRB- Burners Off ! -RRB- on top of this place a One burner electric Hot Plate set to medium heat , on top of this place your smoker ! - smoke for 15 to 20 minutes - finish your product inthe oven if necessary . To make cleanup easier -LRB- charred wood residue -RRB- use foil , 2 pieces6x6 inches - press one into the ridges on the bottom of the smoker pan , them add theshredded wood chips into the ridges , then just lay the second piece on top of the chips.then assemble as per the instructions.You have to learn by doing - try - try again till you get it perfect
 I originally bought this because I wanted to make my own hot-smoked sausages . I live in an apartment and do n't have anyplace for an outdoor smoker . I was a bit leery that it would smoke up my kitchen , but I gave it a shot anyway.And I am so glad I did . It did not smoke up my kitchen at all ... a little bit of smoke escaped , but not much to be noticeable . The sausages themselves came out awesome.I have since used this to smoke chicken , fish , pork and beef , all with excellent results . You can smoke the larger items , such as whole birds , by tenting it with a piece of heavy-duty foil , making sure to fasten it tightly around the edges.As a previous reviewer said , I recommend that you buy the wood chips directly from Camerons -LRB- www.cameronssmoker.com -RRB- . I have found that it is difficult to find them in stores around here , and you get a better price when buying direct . You will receive small containers of 4 different types of wood . But once you start to use this thing , you 'll be looking for foods to smoke , and you 'll need more chips quickly enough.Happy smoking !
 I found this to be a quality product , although it did require `` the tweak '' -LRB- described in the accompanying manual -RRB- before use . Basically the steel can bend a little in shipping and you have to give it a very minor nudge back into shape . No problem . The food it creates is fantastic , and I 'm already ordering a new stock of wood chips less than a month later , since I 've been using it consistently several times per week . Easy to use , easy to clean ! So far I 've smoked burgers , pork tenderloin , chicken , turkey , and sausages all with great success , and am looking forward to smoking some tuna steaks in the near future.The only downside for me is that it does n't work on my stovetop . I have one of the flat glass cooktops and it does n't heat evenly -- the first time I ended up with rare chicken -LRB- gross ! -RRB- Since then , however , I have just dropped it on the lowest rack of a 425 degree oven and gotten beautiful results . Great smoke flavor , great price , great product .
 We enjoy using our smoker so much that we purchased one as a Christmas gift for a person who is really into barbecues and cooking . Both of us have had fun cooking different things in the smoker and then comparing . I think at the moment we enjoy smoking potatoes in it better than anything else , however , smoked salmon - it has a gently smoked taste - is probably a close second . We cook on the stove with it and it works very well .
 We were terrible skeptical that this would work at home . My hubbie and I used one in a cooking class in a large cooking classroom and we thought the smoke was n't an issue because of their ventilation system . The food was SOOO good though that we bought one for home , thinking it might only get occassional use . Since May , we have bought 2 more as gifts and use the smoker about 2-3 times a week . Our stoves vents to our upper cabinets -LRB- not my choice ! -RRB- so smokiness was a concern . Not an issue . Our house smells like the wood chips while it is cooking but there is no smoke issue . Never had our any of our many many smoke alarms go off , never had the smell stay around longer than a typical dinner smell . The food is basically no-fat added , flavorful , and great . Chicken thighs are perfect for our 10 months old -LRB- learning to self feed -RRB- son - soft enough for him to gum and swallow . And did I mention corn on the cob is incredible ? And so is asparagus ? If you are low-carbing , this means a one pan meal . But that one pan - the drip tray - really needs to be lined with foil on top -LRB- not where the wood chips touch -RRB- or clean up is a bear . I do n't like messy looking pots and pans but I tolerate the inside looking , well , smoky . My drip pan did warp a bit , but that has n't imapcted the cooking or storing . And the rack seems to be covered in something that prevents sticking . I recommend looking for a smoking cookbook - I just got one and will be trying to make salse with smoked tomatos today .
 NOTE-I had to buy my smoker from Cameron directly because Amazon was out of it.I did n't even know stovetop smokers existed until I saw a chef using one on the Food TV network a few weeks ago . I owned an outdoor electric smoker for years , but gave it away because it was a hassle and I just did n't use it often enough to justify cleaning , etc. I ordered the small , or ` mini ' size of smoker . Why ? Usually , I 'm cooking for one . Also , I 've got a large kitchen that already has way too many appliances and pots and pans!This appliance is all stainless steel , consisting of a base pan , a drip pan and rack that fit inside the base , and a sliding lid that fits snugly over the base pan . For this size , at least , one puts roughly a tablespoon of fine-ground chips in the base pan , then fits the drip pan over the chips . Next , the rack for the food goes on last . Then , the sliding top is slid on top , the whole shebang is set on a burner on the stove at medium heat , and one can get a whiff of the aroma within a minute or so.Frankly , I was thinking of pots boiling dry and getting ruined on the stove , and the concept of just putting this , dry , on a burner was unsettling . However , it has worked perfectly and shows no sign of damage from staying on the burner 20-30 minutes at a time . One can hear the food dripping grease and liquid into the drip pan , but no , smoke does n't go all over the kitchen . I have a smoke detector fairly near my stove and it has n't gotten set off by this . There is no visible smoke , only the aroma of the chips.After I received it -LRB- in just a few days , from Cameron -RRB- , I read the instructions and the first thing I tried was two chicken thighs from the store . This little size is perfect for two chicken thighs , two chicken breasts . One large ` leg quarter ' might be the capacity . In 20 minutes they were smoked perfectly . They were not at 160 deg so I slapped them in the microwave for 2 minutes to finish cooking . Perfect ! Same goes for two nice fat hamburger patties . This is a perfect size for that . There is a suggestion in the owner 's manual for smoking vegetables . I can tell you that it is great for that , also . My friends have particularly enjoyed the sliced , smoked baked potatoes with the mesquite smoke , and alternatively , I 've done them with pecan smoke.One surprise for me was the ` chips ' . This is not like chips that I 'd put on the grill outside . Opening one of the containers , these are roughly the size and thickness of shavings from a small pencil sharpener . In fact , Cameron specifically states that great big chips like you buy for outdoor grills wo n't work properly . The price of the containers of chips might look high , but it 's truly not . I mean , you use roughly a tablespoon of chips for each smoking ! There 's no waste , and that 's an awful lot of batches from just one container . I know I 've paid more for store-bought chips for the grill . I can say that I bought a container in all the choices , and have been pleased with them all . Being from Texas , mesquite and pecan are my favorites . In fact , I 've got several pecan trees in my yard and I am going to try making my own pecan shavings.Also , if you see the long handle coming off one size in the photos-it stays cool . The first time I used the smoker I grabbed that with a potholder because I assume it 'd get hot along with the smoker , but it does n't . Of course , the lid does , so use a utensil or a potholder for that.Cameron states that all parts are dishwasher-safe , and they are . They do recommend spraying with ` Pam ' - type spray for the base and drip pan to make cleanup easier , but I do n't mind one way or the other.Best of all , the small size allows this smoker to fit in the drawer under my oven on my range ! Takes up virtually no room . I wo n't be using this more than once every week or two at most , but I love having it there for when I do want it . And yes , I wish all my appliances gave as much for the money -
 I love smoked food , so I had to have this . It is so easy cooking in it , and clean-up is a breeze . The only down side to it is that it needs to be a little bit deeper . Some times I really have to smash the meat down to get the lid closed , but the results are wonderful . : -RRB-
 The Cameron Smoker is a most welcomed addition to my kitchen arsenal . I have a gas -LRB- open flame stove -RRB- and it works wonderful . The piece is solid and heavy . Once you learn to regulate your stove top heat , which should take one or two uses , you are golden.I notice in the description that they do not tell you that you get four samples of wood . They are 1 oz each , you only use a tablespoon or two in the smoker so you will get a number of uses from each . My set included alder , cherry , hickory , and maple . A very nice assortment of different strengths so you can smoke a variety of foods out of the box .
 Just used my smoker for the first time tonight . Cut up a whole chicken and smoked the pieces with hickory chips supplied with it . I 've seen Emeril Lagasse using this thing on a few episodes of his show over the last few years , so I got one as soon as I saw it on Amazon.As other reviewers have said , the small cooking space in the smoker causes the meat to steam while it 's smoking . Consequently , after the 45 minute smoking time , the chicken did n't look too appetizing . Fortunately , it was n't fully cooked , so , as the recipe booklet that came with the smoker indicates , I just put the chicken on the broiler for about 15 minutes with a slathering of bbq sauce . The flavor and moistness of the chicken was out of this world , and the broiler gave the skin nice color and crispness.I have a water smoker and have smoked chickens in that before . They come out with a beautiful mahogany color to the skin and taste fantastic , but the flavor is very similar to this smoker . And , from the minute I took the whole chicken out of the fridge , cut it , smoked it , and broiled it , it took about an hour and 45 minutes versus 15 hours or more in the water smoker.Also , as other reviewers have indicated , if you line the pan with foil and the entire drip pan , top and bottom , with foil , and spray the rack with oil before you start smoking , cleanup is easy . What I do n't like is that the pan bulged from the heat of the gas burner , even on medium heat , and the lid is now permanently warped after just one use . Makes it difficult to remove the lid when the smoker is hot . I also agree with other reviewers that it really helps to have an exhaust fan that vents outside . Overall , though , for beautifully smoked chicken in such a short time , regardless of the weather or darkness outside , and for such a low cost -LRB- just $ 10 more than the Brinkmann water smoker I bought 15 years ago -RRB- , it 's a great tool to have . Ribs , brisket , and pork loin are next .
 I bought this product and I was very skeptical originally ... that is until I had smoked salmon prepared in 20 minutes on my stove , much better tasting than what you can find in restaurants . I am a student who lives in a small apartment , with no deck or patio , but I love to grill and smoke food , and this was the perfect way to have fresh smoked meals ! Now if only I can figure out a way to grill besides standing in the parking lot over my tiny walmart grill , I 'll be set !!!
 I was very skeptical of how this product would work , but it is fantastic . I have an outdoor smoker , but I wanted something for smaller meals that I could use inside . It 's a great , healthy way to add flavor to chicken and other meats . The instruction book 's recommendation to smoke cheese proved to turn out fantastic as well .
 I 've had the Camerons Stainless Steel Stovetop Smoker now for about a week and am ecstatic about my purchase . So far I 've made smoked chicken , corn on the cob , tilapia and salmon . It 's easy enough to use everyday -LRB- and so far , we 've definitely wanted to ! -RRB- . Some tips
 I got this smoker as a gift from my son after adding it to my wish list . I have to say I love it ! The results are better than expected . I have made baby back ribs and want to try other foods but my hubby keeps begging for more ribs ! They cook to perfection and meat is tender and juicy ! Be sure to foil line the BOTTOM of the drip pan -- I lined the inside which made clean up easy but should have lined the bottom too to avoid a large black stain caused by the wood chips . It does n't affect the pan at all , it just would look nicer without the stain . After reading reviews I will now use foil under the wood chips too just to avoid stains . The smoker is quality stainless so I 'm sure it will last a long time . As other reviewers have mentioned , you might have some smoke escaping from the edges , but the instruction manual explains how to tweak the lid to solve this -LRB- just bend the lid a little -RRB- . I ca n't wait to try smoking chicken and fish !
 My husband , with his big outdoor smoker , was skeptical of this product and doubted it would fulfill any of its claims . All it took was smoking a rack full of chicken tenders in a mere 30 minutes to change his mind ! The chicken was full of smoky flavor . I am NOT saying it tastes the same as his big smoker . That is an all day job and it 's silly to expect the exact same results . But if you do n't have that ` all day ' , this is an excellent alternative that is quick , easy and tasty . We had a bit of a problem getting the lid to seal and ended up using a metal office clip on each corner . Some smoke will still escape and it 's good to have the vent going over the stove . You will still end up with some smoke smell in your house -- we opened a nearby window and put a fan on the other side of the smoker . We wanted to try a different type of wood and used some very small thin chips of his big smoker Apple wood . It worked fine . Space is a bit limited on the rack and you would n't be able to cook for a crowd without cooking over and over . The edges on the pan and lid are VERY SHARP so watch your fingers ! Do yourself a favor and follow the manual 's instructions to foil cover the drip pan and spray the rack with nonstick spray . It made clean-up easy . There are lots of other recipes online to try for a stove top smoker . In short , if you are realistic in your expectations , enjoy smoky flavored food and do n't always have time for the ` all day ' thing , this stove top smoker is worth every penny !
 I live alone , and wanted a small stovetop smoker to prepare food from time to time . It is very well constructed , and so far works very well .
 I love it , I 've used it alot since since its here . One thing I learned because I live in a small apartment , is to start the smoking on stove top and close it up and put it in the oven on a oven setting slower/lower to let it do its smoking magic and it does . roasts , pork , chicken , beef , ribs , some veggies have come out so succulent and delicious . Absolutely awesome flavor and no muss from the big ol smokers like I had years ago . no stokin the coals LOL
 This smoker is super easy to use , and very effective . I use it on a ceramic-top electric range , over one large burner , and it works just fine . I 've had good results so far with salmon and bluefish . I recommend purchasing with Cameron 's smoker chips . The fine-grain ones , almost like sand , smoke with very little effort .
 I 've used this smoker for portabello mushrooms , fish , chicken , veggies , etc. . Everything comes out wonderful . I just do n't suggest attempting a whole chicken using foil over the top since the lid wo n't otherwise fit . That was disastrous ! Could n't see in front of you in the house -LRB- and it 's 3000 sq ft -RRB- and fat dripped out of pan and onto cooktop . What a mess.Otherwise , this is a great invention . I highly recommend the book `` Smokin '
 i bought this smoker for my girl friend who is from down south and moved up north a couple of years ago . when we go down south to visit her family we always make sure we stop and get smoked pulled pork sandwiches . nothing like them !!! i got her this so we could enjoy smoked meats , not knowing what to expect . we love this smoker !!! i 've had my family over for smoked pulled pork sandwiches and my dad wants me to open up a restaurant ... lol ! it works well , and we love it !!
 This smoker does exactly as promised . I have used it on ribs , chicken and fish . All smoked to perfection . If a denser smoke is preferred just add more wood . Smoke and then bake as needed . It is the real deal .
 I really love this little thing . Everything I 've made has turned out flavorful , juicy , and smoky . My only complaint is that the lid can be hard to remove after cooking . I have to use tongs , a wad of hotpads , and some brute force to get it open .
 I have to admit that when I read that the smoker works with less than two T. of wood shavings I had some doubts . However , I followed the directions and wow , it really worked well . My family loves pork ribs and I normally slow roast them in the oven . They are always yummy but I could n't duplicate the smoky taste we all love until now.I covered the ribs with a dry rub and placed them on the rack , using hickory chips . After 15 minutes I removed the ribs and placed then in a baking dish with my steaming liquid -LRB- 1/2 can of DP -RRB- , and 21/2 hours later we were eating smoky , sweet , and spicy ribs . Clean up was a breeze -LRB- I placed foil over the drip tray and sprayed with rack with oil -RRB- ; just understand that your house will smell like you have the fireplace going ... not a bad thing ! I highly recommend this product !
 I purchased the first one in the winter and I was so happy with it I bought another for my daughter who loved the simplicity of cooking with it . We enjoyed a wonderfully smoked Salmon , on a bed of asparagus . It took 5 minutes to prepare and 25 minutes to cook on an electric stove top at medium heat . We topped it off with a b&eacute;arnaise sauce and bon appetite . Easy to clean up , follow the recommendation to use cooking spray . It stores neatly in the pantry and is self contained . You can get additional wood chips at Target or order more online thru Amazon . It also works great on boneless Chicken Breast and small steaks . The smoke lingers in the smoker a little seeps out but I just turn on my range fan and no worries .
 . I have used it several times and am very happy with it . My family love smoked shrimps which take about 10-15 minutes to cook . It is easy to clean and store away . Perfect for a family of 3 .
 We bought this at the suggestion of a friend and could n't be happier . Our first meal was salmon and it tasted better than barb-b-q grilled , which is how we usually prepare our fish . The set-up was almost too simple and the taste was great . Highly recommend this product if you like smoked flavor .
 I was looking for a product like this and found it here at amazon and was so excited to try it out and I am really happy with it , I use it now for everything I want to make even if I do n't use the smoking chips .
 This product produces a great tasting smoked meat product . WE use it on the grill . I would not recommend using it on a stove top as your kitchen -LRB- whole house for that matter -RRB- will smell like what ever you are cooking . Clean up is easy , flavor is great !
 This stovetop smoker produces smoked food without smoke escaping . It 's well made , easy to clean and stores compactly .
 Received one for Christmas and used it this afternoon . We pushed our luck a bit and tried to cook a 2-1/2 lb tri-tip roast . The sliding cover closed fine at first , but during cooking the roast swelled a bit and did n't allow us to push the cover all the way back after opening it to check the meat temperature . We finished it up on the outdoor grill , and it was amazingly juicy and smoky . Far better smoke taste than my usual 4-hour slow smoking on the gas grill with a supply of soaked wood chips.A word on the smoke . First , the instruction booklet omits a minor detail
 This little stove-top smoker is great for a small family . It provides excellent results in a very short time when compared to conventional smoking
 I have used it only a couple of times since getting it , but I am surprised at the flavors that come with this . In as little as 20 minutes you can perfectly smoke tuna steaks with almost no smoke leaking out of the unit and into your home/apt . Also makes a semi-effective defense against would-be burglers -LRB- heated or unheated -RRB- .
 I have seen these used on a number of shows on the cooking network and since we love to make smoked food I decided to give this a try . We often make smoked meats and vegetables in an outdoor smoker but this works great for smaller items . I was able to fit 5 ears of corn into it . I just ordered more of the wood chips , a variety pack of flavors . I know I will use this on a regular basis .
 I have used the new stovetop smoker to smoke fish , chicken , and corn on the cob . The smoker is so simple to use . No smoke whatsoever escapes from it even when full , though some delicious wood aroma does fill the kitchen . It is so quick to get going , and a breeze to clean . I recommend this smoker very highly ... it is a great investment if you like smoked food and no mess .
 I LOVE my smoker . It 's small and easy to use . I purchase a few different flavors of wood chips , and have been having fun trying new things in the smoker . So far I 've smoked bbq chicken , marinated pork chops , Steak and Potatos.I would recomend getting this , it 's also a healthy way of cooking too ! I do recomend lining the bottom with tinfoil for easy clean up .
 I just purchased this from a kitchen store ... mistake ! Best deal is through Amazon and Bed Bath and Beyond for the same price point . BBB offers it with four containers of smoke chips so you as a consumer get a better idea of what your preferences are!Once I got going on this last night , I read the instructions but was a bit wabbly about what to spray with cooking spray for ease in clean up . But once I got past my two left handed preparations , this item was a thrill to work with . I made smoked chicken breast with this item and it took longer than expected to cook and the chicken was tougher than mine usually comes out . But I think this is user error and not the product . We have a kitchen that has a Jennair stove and I used the grill side for cooking and the temperature is not as high as if I had used it on the electric range side . Still with that small part the chicken tasted great , could have been smokier , but again this is user error , not product . I plan to make Pork Tenderloin tonight and will finish it in the Breville oven when finished for browning . Use of spray oil helps with clean up and I enjoyed using this item and plan to make a lot of good dinners with this item . Hopefully with more experience I will be giving cooking classes with this ???!
 Camerons Products Stainless Steel Stovetop SmokerHave the smaller smoker and decided to buy the larger for smoking larger portions for more guests . The favorite in my household is Alder Smoked Salmon . Washes in the dishwasher and can take it camping . I love this Smoker and plan to buy more of these for Christmas gifts .
 What i have found out after using this for a while now , is that a piece of tin foil used as a lid works better than the lid that came with it . Not only can you smoke bigger pieces of meat this way , but you get a better smokey flavor to your meat . Even meats that fit with the metal lid , i would rather use foil for more room under the hood . Just take the foil to the pan , prop up in middle and tighten around edge . Also , put tin foil under chips in pan , and on top of chips . Much easier to clean up .
 I absolutely love this smoker ! I have the smallest one and use it on an electric burner with a single heat source . A few tips to consider
 My girlfriend bought this for me for Christmas . My family always smoked meat outside and I learned how from my dad , but when I moved to the city this was obviously no longer possible . While this does n't give you the same quality as an outdoor smoker -LRB- it 's more of a dry , fast smoke -RRB- , it 's the best that can be found in an urban apartment building ! Also super easy to clean by just putting it in the dishwasher -LRB- no rust -RRB- , and it 's great to assemble one pot meals in . I put some water in the drip tray to keep things moist inside though the instructions tell you to do otherwise . All in all , this is my favorite kitchen tool ! : -RRB-
 This is small -LRB- single fish-sized -RRB- but solidly constructed and works like magic . Very little smoke escapes , so you do n't need to worry about your alarm going off . The hickory chips it comes with will last a while , but I still ordered some other flavors after the first couple fish tests . Beware - you may not want to cook it as long as the instructions suggest , if you like your fish moist and flaky . But my slightly-oversmoked salmon made an awesome smoked salmon dip a day later , so no harm done !
 I have used this product to smoke fish , pork an a whole chicken , with great results . It is smokeless and the food is great . It is such a good price that I am sending one to my nephew . The only problem is the cleanup . I suggest you use foil whenever you 're able .
 Fresh Caught Wild Salmon - filet 'd & brined for a few hours then placed on the Stovetop Smoker the same evening resulted in five star quality flavor w / moistness & beautiful presentation . We reserved a small amount to savor later w / this week 's appetizers of wine & cheese.Aluminum foil lined along the drip pan & nonstick spray over the smoking rack made for instant cleanup . Folding handles eased the smoker back into it 's box to store until our next catch ! Elizabeth Del Grande
 I have enjoyed the wonderful smoke-flavored meals you can make in this neat pan . Tonight , we had smoked vegetables and served them over rice . Delicious !
 I read about this smoker and wanted it for easy smoking when I do n't want to use my BIG smoker . I ahve found ti easy to use . I have only smoked fish so far , but the flavor has been real good . It does smoke some and I am still working to tweak it lid to minimize the smoke that escapes . However , I kind of like the smokey scent that lingers and my vent takes most of the smoke outOverall , it 's and good product that is very easy to use .
 Just inaugurated my new stove top smoker and we loved it . My wife was concerned about the smell of smoke in the house , but a kitchen exhaust fan took care of any smoke that leaked out of the pan . I 've smoked outside for years , but I wanted something quick and easy . I saw it being used on BBQU and turned right around and ordered it .
 I tried this smoker for the first time and it worked beautifully . I smoked salmon and used the recommended amount of alder chips . The salmon was moist and flavorful . I cooked a few minutes in the oven to brown and the texture was still good.I have a glasstop range but I do not have a bridge burner . I did n't want to risk cracking it so , I put the smoker on my electric grill . I did have to smoke an additional 20 minutes ; the book says to smoke 25 minutes . All in all , it took 45 minutes ; next time I will adjust the heat .
 I wanted one of these after enjoying smoked pork chops at my brother 's house . Easy to use . Makes delicious and healthful foods . Clean up is relatively painless . This size big enough for two -LRB- with leftovers . -RRB- I have been grilling for years , but now I will have more smoked options on the menu .
 I bought this smoker for myself a couple years ago and it has been a great product . It 's so versatile
 Using the stovetop smoker is basically foolproof , even for people who rarely cook . It gives food a great , smoky flavor that is n't overwhelming . After using this , there was a lingering smoky smell in the kitchen , but it was faint ; and it dissipated after a few hours .
 Easy to use , well made , excellent product . I love how it comes with samples of different flavored wood chips , and the directions are simple and straightforward .
 My Cousin and I picked up some plain raw salmon at the market . He and I have never done any smoking of meat before . In less than a hour , we had fresh , piping hot smoked salmon by using this device for the very first time . There was no smoke coming from it on the cooktop inside his kitchen , and very little smell.I was shocked by how compact the unit is , it fits on top of the cooktop 's burners . The smoked salmon was incredibly delicious . I am writing this because now I need one of my own after eating mycousin 's freshly smoked salmon ! It 's an incredibly simple and easy to use device !
 I got this for my mom because she wanted to smoke foods , but lived in an apartment . This product works great - not as good as an outdoor smoker , but it allows one to smoke indoors without a problem .
 Steal a trick from Chinese cuisine , and used by Cooks Illustrated in their indoor ribs recipes -- use loose tea . It 's available in bulk very inexpensively from any Chinese or Vietnamese grocery . Buy the tea on price ... you 're only after the smoke , after all .
 I love this product ... got it in 1991 and having been using it steadily since then . I taught some cooking classes in Reston , VA. -LRB- just outside of DC -RRB- and probably sold at least 50 of them through participants who loved what we could make with it . I just sent people to Williams-Sonoma . My favorites are very simple foods ... I love Corn smoked in the husks using Applewood , and Mesquite . And potatoes , well do n't get me started ... I usually have to make two batches because I taste one to make sure it is done right and then sample the rest with a sprinkle of salt right up until they are gone.Here is my latest delight
 I read all the reviews about this smoker . All the good reviews were exactly correct . All the bad reviews make me think some do n't read instructions or expect something that the product is incapable of delivering.This smoker does exactly was is says . First , I chose super saver shipping which usually takes a while to deliver ... Thank you Amazon it was delivered in 4 days . And secondly , I 've already smoked chicken , pork chops , salmon , yummy !! Easy to do , easy to clean . Yes , there was a little smoke escaping , but there 's `` tweaking '' instructions for what to do in that case . I found it easiest to cover the entire smoker with a wet dish towel -LRB- big enough to drape the edge a little -RRB- . It has been fun experimenting with the sample wood chips and the cookbook was also helpful . It will get blackened ; it tells you it will . For easy clean up they recommend using foil in the drip tray , it works . I love kitchen gadgets especially when they perform ... this one wo n't let you down !
 I bought this for my boyfriend , who fishes in Alaska and comes home with piles of salmon every year . His male family in South America all have similar portable smokers and when we were down there for the holidays I noticed how the men loved to gather around the smoker with drinks , adjusting their belts and acting manly . He talked about how tasty the fish was nonstop , so when his birthday came up I found this little number and decided to try it.We invited some friends over for the christening , and we put the little pile of tasty smelling sawdust inside , threw a salmon on top , put on the lid and stared skeptically . After some group discussion and a couple of fire drill jokes we went for it . We were all pleasantly surprised . 20 minutes later , we had a beautiful , moist , `` tastes like slow cooked '' falling apart salmon that no one could get enough of and everyone wanted to know more about . A slight smell of smoke lingers in the kitchen , but no worse than if you were to cook smoked bacon or any other meat . It did n't create billows of smoke and require evacuation the way some reviewers have said , so I do n't know what they did differently . Perhaps our guys opened it on the back porch . I will never know , because the smoker became the urban man equivalent of the fire pit and for what was quite possibly the first time ever , all the men at the party stood gathered around the stove while the women were crowded out of the kitchen and forced just to lounge on the couch with drinks . If they had a 6th star I would nominate it on those grounds alone . Since that night I 've gotten multiple emails from the wives of the men at the party requesting the link . Whether it 's because the men want it , or the women admire the magical kitchen luring powers I ca n't say but it seems like everyone else is getting one now.Smoking purists will turn up their nose . Yes , the sawdust thing seems a little weird . No , you are not adhering to the strictest standards and would probably be laughed at by an serious smokers -LRB- or anyone in Texas -RRB- but for those of us who were n't going to go all in anyway I think this is a great solution . Great for the urban warrior -LRB- seriously , you can about see the chest hair growing while they cook -RRB- and pleasing in result . Smoked ribs at home ? check.I bought a sampler pack of the different wood `` chips '' -LRB- which are sawdust , but get the job done -RRB- to go with and we 've had a few fun nights experimenting so far .
 The Stovetop Smoker is a smaller version of a denatured alcohol-fired smoker that I have used for about 20 years . It is convenient to use because it can be used in the kitchen or on a charcoal or gas grill . I 've also used it on a propane burner normally used for crawfish boils and fried turkeys . While it will turn out delicious fish and meat dishes without them , the addition of a marinade or rub will add a lot to appearance and flavor.For some of the best smoked salmon you will ever taste , try this
 I was skeptical about smoking indoors , but after seeing Emeril doing it on his show one night , I just had to get one ! I am a kitchen gadget and cookware collector , and I have to admit that I do n't use a lot of them that often , but this smoker I will use quite often . I have done just salmon and it was awesome !! Next , chicken . It is easy to clean up . Yes , it discolors , but it is subjected to a lot of heat and smoke . Not a biggie . And yes , some smoke does waft out , but using the vent fan is just fine . I recommend this to anyone who loves smoked food . I love mine !
 I was n't expecting much from this little device ; I just wanted to make smoked salmon without firing up the big outdoor grill . This smoker worked flawlessly , and produced a very superior tasting product . I was surprised at how quick and easy it was , and delighted with the salmon . True , the finish was marred at the first use , but other than that , it is great . A wonderful alternative to the big outdoor smokers .
 I am sure you have guests who arrive unexpectedly and you need to BBQ a steak , chicken or whatever . With this smoker you can create meals quickly and deliciously.A couple of points
 I just hickory smoked a rack of ribs for about an hour and a half . I used Camerons Hickory Wood Chips along with a little bit of Apple Wood . Then basted it with BBQ mop sauce I made from Apple Cider Vinegar , Tomato Paste , Ketchup and brown sugar while finishing the cooking in the oven for an hour to an hour and a half at 225 degrees F . Then finished the ribs under the broiler for a few minutes each side with my favorite BBQ Sauce.All according to the recipe in the book that comes with the smoker -LRB- Except the basting sauce I made -RRB- . The ribs came out better than any resteraunt I have been in.It is easy and really good . I recommend buying extra bags of wood chips once you find what you like . Buy them in the 2 lb . bags and it is very reasonable . You use dfferent wood smoke for different meats , fish and almost anything.The next thing I try is smoking my own salmon and then I will try to smoke some cheeses -LRB- Mozz . and provolone -RRB- I can not recommend the Camerons Smoker enough . No smoke escapes the smoker just a light fragrance of the wood smoke .
 Yes , it leaks some smoke , thats why there is a fan in your venthood . Yes , it will warp , it is made out of sheet metal . But we have the best pork chops , loin , tenderloin , chicken parts and skinless breasts , Salmon ever . Been using it for 4 years on a glass top range . Yep , factory chips are expensive , but if your that bothered by it , split a baseball bat and run it through your pencil sharpener -LRB- ok , I have n't tried that , but I did take a camping knive and whittle off some chips from storebought chunks one night to avert hickory withdrawal -RRB- . Yeah , maybe you can do better if you have a outdoor rig , but any smoker will tell you it 's no small investment of time or money to fire up a wood pit , and I 'm not likely to do it for just 4 chops . We were thinking about buying another , so that if they went out of business before this one wore out , we would n't be without one .
 Love it ! Smoked 3 trout about a pound each . Made two different smoked trout salads with the leftovers . Also , smoked 2 tilapia fillets with 4 small ears of corn . Turned out great . Used the smoker on my range with electric burners and also used it on my daughter 's solid top stove . Worked on both . Highly recommend this item . The chips are finer than the ones you use on a grill also rather spendy . Tip
 Effective smoking apparatus for meat and fish . Easy to clean but develops a dark , blotchy patina . Some of the smokey smell is released due to gaps in the fit of the components , but this can be rectified with aluminum foil .
 Cameron Cookware Gourmet Mini SmokerI wanted to try to smoke fish and after reading the online reviews , I decided to order this smoker . It is excellent ! I do have some recommendations . While reading reviews , I noticed a review that said cover everything with foil and put a piece of foil over the woodchips . I followed these directions and it really helps with clean up.Also , even though this product was designed to use indoors , I would not . The smoke is pretty strong , even with the foil over the lid . I used it in the house only once and the house smelled like a Sonny 's BBQ for about 4 days . If you use this often in your home , the smoke will permeate the furniture , carpet , and drapes.I use the burner on my outdoor grill to smoke fish . It takes about 15-20 minutes and is really tasty . The smoker is small -LRB- only a couple of pieces of fish fit on the grate -RRB- and I am considering buying the larger one .
 I have had mine since fall 2006 , with a selection of all kinds of chips . I love it and use it for meats and vegetables a lot.It is well made and easy to use , even with large items . For those , I tent the pan with foil and proceed as I would with my outdoor smoker.I would certainly recommend this product for people who do n't have room for a regular outdoor smoker .
 This smoker works great . I 've smoked chicken , potatoes , homemade pastrami -LRB- yum -RRB- and even some cheap salami lunchmeat . It really adds wonderful flavor to anything and is so easy to do . Clean up is n't the easiest but is still worth it . I give it an A + .
 The cooker works great on a glass top stove . I have done brisket and ribs in the unit I have gotten rave reviews about the meats . It is very easy to use . Cleanup is a little time consumming but all in all I think this is a very good product .
 Not as good as the real thing , but its cold outside ! This will do nicely to get me through until spring !
 I bought this smoker on the recommendation of a friend . It was a Christmas gift for my husband . He -LRB- we -RRB- absolutly love it . We have cooked pork loin and veggies and it really adds a good flavor to the food . Easy to use ; not too much clean up . I would recommend this smoker to anyone who wants a little variety in their meal .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas since he is getting into smoking foods . Thought he would enjoy this . I have has one for awhile and I love mine .
 Great product . Smokes food very well . I 've tried Chichen , potatoes , and fish and all come out perfect .
 I LOVE my smoker ! It allows me to provide an exceptional meal every time , whether I want minimal or maximum smoke flavor . Every serious cook should own one !
 My husband & I love smoked foods , but did n't want to take up a lot of outdoor space for a big smoker.This Cameron Stove-top Smoker was the perfect solution for us.The wonderful aroma of the wood chips fills the house with no smoking visible outside the pan.The stainless is high quality & it 's easy to use & clean up when using foil & oil spray as suggested in directions.Our salmon turned out perfectly.The recipes included in the book all sound wonderful & are most helpful.I hope they come out with a whole cookbook soon.Great purchase!Seniors in the Midwest
 This thing really works ! I 've only used it a few times and am still trying to figure temperature times but my salmon and ribs came out well . Great smoke flavor . I cooked chicken thighs and they also tasted good they were underdone and I had to finish in the oven . It does make your house smell a bit smoky but I like it .
 We love our smoker and use it alot . Also bought one for my Dad - he 's in heaven .
 I surprised my husband with the stovetop smoker , and we really enjoy it . We live in an apt. , which makes it difficult to get the outdoor grill taste indoors . So , the Cameron stovetop smoker is perfect ! We made salmon in it , and it was cooked perfectly . The directions were right on !
 Just got it and used it on thick big burgers . It works great . Does n't leak smoke very much at all and adds a nice taste to the food.Used foil on the drip pan and clean up was easy . It does turn a bit black like they say but that is not a problem . Going to try some venison tomorrow and smoke the meat .
 I 'M NEW AT THIS SMOKER THING AND I GUESS THAT I WILL HAVE TO KEEP TRYING AND LEARNING HOW TO COOK WITH THIS AND SMOKEING FOODS.BUT I WILL GET USE TO IT.I KNOW THAT ONCE I GET USE TO IT . I WILL TURN UP SOME GET MEALS WITH THIS SMOKER .
 I have NEVER used this product after purchasing two or three years ago . Other reviewers seemed to like it so I gave it five stars . I have packed it away somewhere and will give it away to anyone who wants it .
 This is a pain in the ___ ! Is n't it enough that I bought the product ? It 's great -- ok ?
 Considering how much smoked salmon costs in the store , this unit is worth it just for that one item . The smoker works wonderfully and it 's sooooo easy ... I always have smoked salmon in the fridge for snacks with WASA crispbread and cheese.I use a lower heat than recommended in the manual ; I found the salmon was a little dry at medium heat . And if you do n't like the smoked stains on the cooker , use Barkeeper 's Friend to keep it looking spiffy . Personally , I ca n't be bothered with scrubbing the smoke stains off but if you really ca n't stand them , Barkeeper 's Friend works.And if you are worried about smoke filling your house , do n't be . There is so little smoke that escapes ; it gives a very light fragrance to my apartment and that 's it .
 I got this for my mom for mother 's day earlier this year -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . She has been wanting a smoker since forever and I stumbled across this just browsing Amazon one day . It sounded pretty neat and was n't that expensive so I ordered one.Well she absolutely loved it ! It beats the heck out of one of those giant smokers and is perfect for a meal for one or two people . If you were cooking for more than two or three people you 'd probably have to get two of these going or have some other food ready . It is also perfect for someone who lives in an apartment or similar and does n't have the means for a full blown smoker.All she 's cooked in it is chicken and salmon . Both absorb the flavor of the wood chips and stay nice and tender and juicy ! I imagine that anything else you cook in it will also turn out just as great . It 's hard to say no to going over for dinner whenever she smokes with this . The only chips used have been the ones included , but they are great flavors . I ordered more flavors for her for Christmas ; we 'll see how those taste ... This is a great gift for someone who enjoys smoked food or loves to cook in general . It 's so easy to use and tastes so great and is pretty darn affordable . This little smoker is definately money well spent !
 This is a GREAT product . Works as advertised and explained in wonderfully concise cookbook . No smoke in the kitchen and cooks salmon to die for . Try it , you 'll love it !
 One week after I purchased a stovetop smoker , Cooks Illustrated reviewed them in their magazine , and on their website . They said that their industrial strength ventilation hoods could n't handle the smoke , and they recommended that anyone using one , take the batteries out of their smoke alarm.I 'm a big fan of Cook 's Illustrated , but that simply is n't so . The smell of smoke , lingered in my kitchen and house for quite some time , but there was little , if any actual smoke . And , my smoke detector which sometimes goes off when I boil water , did not notice anything alarming.Plus you can use it outside on your grill ! I think CI didsome damage to the folks at Cameron , as I 'm afraid people will read the bad advice in the article , and miss out on the fun I 'm having .
 I LOVE my new Cameron Stovetop Smoker ! We used it the other evening to smoke a couple of salmon fillets , and neither my husband nor myself could believe how easy it was , and how quickly the salmon was done . And delicious ! All I did was place 1 tablespoon of the alderwood chips -LRB- which came with the smoker -RRB- in the bottom of the smoker unit ; I placed the drip pan on top of the chips , and the smoker rack on top of that . I then placed the seasoned salmon fillets on the rack , slid the lid nearly shut , and turned on the gas - just one burner , medium heat only . In a very few - 5 - minutes , we could smell the lovely alder smoke , and a wisp of smoke escaped from the smoker . I then slid the lid fully shut , and set the timer for 20 minutes . When time lapsed , I turned off the heat , slid open the lid , and removed the salmon . Oh , it was wonderful ! What we did n't eat I made into smoked salmon pate , and took to a party where everyone raved about it . There was absolutely no smoke whatsoever in our kitchen while the fish was cooking - just the gorgeous smoky scent of the alder . Next , we 'll smoke pork chops to have with red beans and rice , and I 'm thinking of smoking chicken livers with oak chips to make a luxurious pate with wine . I HIGHLY recommend this smoker - especially when you do n't have a lot you want to smoke , want to do it quickly and with a minimum of fuss , and even when the weather outside is too hot , too cold , or too rainy to get out the big ol' smoker !
 No question , if I had a yard I 'd have a nice smoker outside . But I live in an apartment and do n't have a yard , so this is a pretty good substitute . I 've had it a few months now and tried ribs , chicken , fish , tofu , turkey breast , sausage and even a whole brisket . Everything came out well , most of really good , though initially I cooked things too long . But the taste is better than I would have expected . My only problem is adjusting the lid to keep it from leaking smoke , which seems to be an ongoing job . Most of the time I just cover it with heavy duty foil . My only advice would be to order extra wood chips , which you surely will want , directly from Camerons . Ordering them here they do n't come from Amazon and the company that sends them has what I consider excessive shipping charges . Camerons charges less . Oh , yea , one nice side effect of using the smoker - my apartment smells like a fine barbecue restaurant .
 I recently purchased the Camerons stovetop smoker and tried it for the first time . I really appreciated reading all of the other reviews as it helped me really know what to expect.I smoked half a rack of ribs for myself using the hickory chips . I was a bit afraid of possible smoke as I do n't have a stove hood . The amount of smoke was minimal . I then placed the ribs in the oven wrapped in foil on a cookie sheet . I have to say that the ribs were wonderful . So tender and juicy ! I could n't believe they were cooked indoors.Now for the downside ; the lid did warp a bit during the cooking process , but fit back into the pan after cleaning . I placed foil on the bottom of the pan and also lined the drip pan , BUT the bottom of the pan still blackened . I ca n't really get used to that as I like my pots and pans spotless after use.I called Camerons and they were very helpful and courteous . They assured me that this is normal and if I wanted to alleviate some of the blackness , I could try Cameo 's brass and copper cleaner . I tried using Barkeeper 's Friend to no avail . I use Barkeepers for my All-Clad and it works beautifully . Also , Camerons advised me NOT to line the bottom of the pan with foil as the smoke flavor will not infuse the food properly . I will try that next time as it did n't stop blackening the pan.I would recommend this to others who have no choice but to smoke indoors .
 If you love the aroma of the campfire , you will love cooking with this wonderful piece of equipment . I was delighted to find that the cooker is substantial , well designed and very simple to use . Perhaps because it is so reasonably priced , I was somwhat concerned that it would be flimsy , but that is definitely not the case . The enclosed booklet is very informative , and contains lots more information , including recipes , than the usual literature accompanying cookware.My husband was so eager to try it that he convinced me to smoke a fairly thick filet of mahi mahi that I had on hand for his dinner . Although I was not sure how long to smoke it , and was concerned that it would be dried out if I left it on for 35 minutes , it turned out to be delicious -- I used the hickory chips that came with the smoker , along with a bit of lemon and pepper , and the fish was moist , flavorful , and seasoned well by the smoking . I absolutely loved the aroma that wafted through the house , and there was no smoke leakage . I also enjoy cooking on cast ironware , which can get the house filled with smoke rather quickly , but no such problem here.Today I am smoking a piece of salmon filet over alder chips , and it smells heavenly . Am looking forward to cooking burgers , ribs , and a duck using this method . And all the while , I can imagine that I am camping in the summer woods , and forget , for the moment , that I am suffering from cabin fever in snowy New Hampshire .
 I have recently purchased this stovetop smoker from a local kitchen shop after taking a class there that featured it.I am only moderately pleased with the quality craftsmanchip of the construction . There are sharp areas on the edges of the lid and other edges . The inner drip pan warps/twists with heat - my largest disappointment . I had to tweak the lid substantially to get a tight seal . Had I only paid 35.00 here on Amazon.com I would have dismissed much of this or given it little thought . I however paid 59.00 -LRB- and that was after paying 25.00 for the class to get `` suckered '' into buying it . LOL -RRB- I will therefore rate it a 4 instead of the 3 that I feel , because I will not take my lack of bargain hunting out on the product.The smoker does produce nice results . I have had pleasing results everytime I have used it . I have not used it for other than a smoker , but the potential to use it as a stove top oven , steamer , and poacher etc , is interesting . I think that this product would be a great addition to a vacation cabin , or `` tailgate '' setup with only a single counter top burner . Used in conjuction with a portable gas burner , or gas stove the potential is even greater . I am a champion of gourmet picnicking and will likely get alot of use out of this .
 I 've had the mini-smoker for about 3 months now and it is awesome . All the reviewers here have said the same things
 I have had this smoker for over a year and it 's one of the best investments you can make . You do n't need a huge smoker to make amazing ribs , smoked turkey or chicken . This works on the grill , on the stove and I 've also used it in the oven when making other items or when I simply wanted to slow cook something . Be sure to seal the edges with foil -LRB- Camerons says you can adjust lid , but no matter what some smoke does creep out -RRB- . I also line the drip tray as it makes for much easier clean up . I also spray the grill portion with oil as well . It 's stainless so it does need a scrub , but it 's well worth it . You can also run without the lid for turkey and whole chickens and just tent it with foil . Highly recommend !
 I was a little skeptical at first , but my Cameron smoker is a great addition to my cooking routine . I 've only used the hickory wood chips so far , but have made wonderful meats -LRB- brisket , ribs -RRB- on the top of the stove , then finished on the grill . . a great alternative over the summer . It 's durable , heavy weight and of good quality ... highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys smoked foods .
 I bought this for my husband as a Christmas present since he 'd expressed interest after seeing it on TV on Andre Immer 's show . We 've enjoyed chicken , burgers and Italian sausages so far , but we have n't had it long enough to try everything . If you are n't heavy handed with the chips , it gives a wonderful , delicate smoked flavor to whatever you 're fixing . We do n't have to go outside to smoke our food . A truly great product !
 I have never used a stovetop smoker so I can not compare it to others on the market . All I can tell you is that I was very satisfied with this one . It produces very little smoke and does not smell up my house . I made a brisket in this and it was in use for 4 hrs . and I could not tell it was on my stove . The flavor was good but a little strong for my liking . I think just by cutting down on the smoker chips I could rectify that problem . I did find that for me it is one of those novelty items you have in you kitchen 's and do n't really use that often . Kind of like the bread maker 's they came out with about 10 years ago .
 I too bought for the hot summers of Arizona . Too hot to stand outside much.We have smoked round steak and pork ribs in the smoker . Both have turned out really great tasting altho I tend to overcook the meat . The unit will put the smell of `` smoke '' inside your home for a few days . The inside drip pan has warped big time but still works . The unit is a bear to clean up , so the wife handles it after soaking for a day . The look of it is `` dirty '' but just ca n't get the burnt off the unit . The dry chips which came with it work fine . I would definitely consider buying this for a gift and when and if it ever breaks , I will buy another.I am ready to cook a brisket next ... My wife loves the smoker too . We use it on a flat top stove and have had no problems .
 Admittedly I was skeptical ; but the first night i got it home I smoked pork tenderloin and it was rediculously good . Couple things to note
 I have a co-worker who had recently purchased this item and she raved about it . Because of this I decided to buy one for my husband , who would normally do the cooking . After receiving the item he could not figure why I would buy something like this when we use our charcoal grill for everything . The first night I used the smoker for Salmon and new red pototoes and they were wonderful ! Even my husband decided this was a great idea because of the convenience of staying indoors and cooking on those cold nights and the taste was perfect . If you like a heavier smoke taste it is easily adjusted . The clean up is a breeze and there is little smoke released into the house . If you are considering a smoker this is the way to go . There is such a variety of items which can be smoked you would be surprised .
 As an aparment dweller , this cookware is wonderful . I 've used it for burgers and chicken thighs . It works nicely . No smoke in the house and the food was wonderful . This model works great for one to two people or if you do n't mind cooking in batches . For more people , get the larger model , which fits on two burners .
 This is a product I 'm glad I purchased . It 's easy touse and the smoked flavor is excellent .
 Use to make smoked fish to take to work for lunch . Work very well . From start to finish takes very little time . Clean up is easy if you ignore the wood chip/smoke stains and just clean the parts that contact the food .
 Never thought this product could perform as well as it does . Amazing smoke flavor from such a small easy to use product . Easy to clean and set up for use . I use it weekly , since it is so Fast and efficient .
 Opened the package washed it sprinkled on two spoonfuls of apple wood chips , loaded the tray with some marinated beef strips set on medium heat on my induction stove .50 minutes later we were eating moist and tender beef over a salad , the smoke flavor was great but for beef I think hickory would work better . Clean up was a pain as I had not read the instructions so the next time I used turkey foil on the bottom of the ash pan and on the drip tray and it worked great .
 Was a little concerned when I ordered this item , but all that has changed . It is terrific . Also , liked the samples of `` wood '' that came with it . Much easier to use than what I had expected and cleanup is fast . If you are looking for a small smoker to use in the kitchen , fireplace or any place else , I highly recommend this one . The price is right too .
 I am an avid trout fisherman . Now I enjoy eating trout ! Smoking trout easily at home on the stove enhanced with great flavor has made trout dinners a real treat for family and friends . Very happy with my smoker .
 LOVE this smoker . This is the second one I 've bought -- a gift for our son who loves to cook . We 've used ours constantly since we got it last spring , mostly making salmon , but also with chicken , mushrooms -LRB- great with pasta -RRB- and other veggies . Well made , so easy to use and clean , and the results are fabulous.The only caution I 'd add is to adjust the timing of the recipes that come with the smoker . The meats are way overcooked for my taste . But easy to fix that . For small pieces of salmon I just keep the smoker on medium high heat for only about 4 minutes after smoke starts to escape . Then I take it off the burner -LRB- lid still closed -RRB- and let it finish in residual heat and smoke for 20-30 minutes . Check to see if it flakes . Moist , but just cooked . It is heaven . Of course chicken or larger pieces need a little more time.A wonderful gently smokey smell fills you with anticipation while you wait.Looking forward to trying pork ribs indoors this winter . Of course they 'll need some extra slow-cook time in the oven , but the smoker is set up to do that too .
 I just bought this product after hearing about it on a cooking show , and not knowing what to expect , was AMAZED . I LOVE this . It is great for smoking anything . It is very easy to use , little to no smoke is released into the air , the food comes out juicy and flavorful , and any fat is rendered off in the process making the food that much more healthy to eat . You literally put whatever it is that you want to cook/smoke in the smoker , turn the stove on and when the time is up . . done . So easy , and the different wood chips create flavors that are unique and delicious . Clean-up is a breeze too . I love this so much , I am getting all my family members one of these for Christmas . Enough said . ;--RRB- Plus . . plug for Amazon here , they had the best prices and the service was excellent as always . Thanks !!!
 This smoker , when used according to the instructions , is an easy and relatively mess-free way of smoking foods indoors . Over the years , I have learned a few tricks to make it work well for me.Yes , smoke does leak from the unit but it is a bit reduced by following the `` tweaking '' instuctions that come with it . I have also found that puting a couple of soaked/wet dish towels over/around the lid and seams reduces the leaking issue by 98 % . Be careful to make sure that the towels do not hang over greatly and put you at a risk for fire.That smokey smell will linger in the house for a day of so . If you take action in reducing the leaking smoke in the fist place -- the smoke & smell should not be obnoxious in the least . I have come to rather like it.Concerning the `` expensive '' wood shavings/chips . I have learned to adjust the amount of chips , and therefore the strength of the smoke flavor with each food that I am trying to prepare . This just takes practice and it 's a matter of personal taste . I have never used more than about 1/3 C. of chips with anything I have smoked in Camerons Smoker.Construction woes ? I have had this for years and I try to treat it with respect . I heat it slowly and let it cool on its own ... never putting water in it while it is hot , et cetera . It is n't meant to be used with a high heat setting . In the instruction book I believe that the company states that using it with a `` medium '' flame is ideal . I keep it clean and store it in it 's original box . Yes , the inside is dark from years of smoking and it no longer shines on the inside -- but that 's part of the deal . Is the inside of a frequently used , 15 year old BBQ grill , as pretty as when it was new ?? Probably not.It 's not a small item , so if you have a tiny apartment stove or have tough to regulate burners , you may confront challanges that I do n't have to contend with.I use this smoker for foods that I am consuming or using within a day or so . If you are interested in using it for curing and smoking there is a book by Eugenia Bone called Well-Preserved -LRB- ISBN 9780307405241 -RRB- , that you could borrow from the library or order through Amazon , that has a little section on using Camerons Stovetop Smoker for this purpose and that may prove helpful . She is another person who has figured out the towel trick!If you are interested in modern small-batch food preservation , this is a good book , overall , for that.Anyway , there are all sorts of smokers and gadgets out there . If you enjoy smoked food I would keep trying until you find something that works well for you . We all have different skills in the culinary department ... we have different stoves ... kitchens ... access to cooking outdoors ... and so forth . What works for one person , may not work for all . I think that for many people , this may be a good starting place . $ 40 does n't buy a whole lot these days , so I would still recommend this product even with it 's little issues .
 I found a smoked salmon recipe I wanted to try and the recipe recommended this smoker . My single burner for some reason would n't get the chips to smoke so I used the butane single burner I bought from Amazon last year . Within a minute on low heat it started to smoke and within 16 minutes we had the most delicious smoked salmon we have ever eaten . I ca n't wait to try more recipes with this smoker . I highly recommend this smoker !
 The smoker itself is great . I love how the food comes out . When I received my smoker I read all the directions . It says to line the drip pan with foil to make clean up easier . Well I did that from the start . The bottom of the drip pan is black from carbon and you ca n't get it off . I think it may affect the heat of the cooking over time . If I had known this , I would have completely covered the entire drip pan in foil to help prevent this from happening . I am not happy with the drip pan . The instructions do not say anything about covering the entire pan to prevent carbon build up.This is the only reason I did not give this a 5 star review .
 This item sells for $ 29.95 at Sur la Table a high end kitchen retail store . Why does it cost almost 50 % more on Amazon ?
 I am excited about it , at first I THOUGHT THE ONLY SMOKER WAS A OUTDOOR TYPE , BUT WHEN I SAW A STOVETOP SMOKER , PERFECT FOR AN APARTMENT DWELLER . I GOT A RECEIPE BEFOREHAND FROM ANN AT CAMERONS PROFESSIONAL AND THEN I SAW A RECEIPE FROM TAVOLO ON THE NET , I WENT WITH THE ONE FROM TAVOLO AND MY GUEST WERE SO IMPRESSED I HAVE BEEN ASKED TO DO ONE FOR THEM.I NO LONGER HAVE TO ORDER THEM FROM A CATALOGE OR HAVE THEM SHIPPED IN FROM FAMILY MEMBERS IN TEXAS . GREAT INVENTION AND IDEA . THANKS AGAIN TO THE INVENTORS .
 Ever gotten yourself something on a whim that you thought you might not use much , only to find that it becomes an indispensable part of your kitchen arsenal?That 's what this did . We thought it would be a once or twice a year gadget , but we USE THE HECK OUT OF IT ! it 's easy to use , easy to clean , and turns Costco Chicken and Salmon into a much-requested treat.Finding a really good selection of the wood chips -LRB- little thin chips which reach smoke quickly -RRB- can be a pain , but it 's fun to try different wood smoke flavors with different foods to see what works best . Cameron marketed a wide selection at one time , but they have reduced their selection in the last 2 years or so , but if you search , you can find new woods in the appropriate sizes . We 've used ours with Tea as well -LRB- Ummm - Lapsang Souchong with duck ! -RRB- . Follow the directions , and you 've got yourself a very impressive end result without buying a huge patio smoker or stinking up the whole house.Love it .
 I finally pulled this out today and tried it for the first time . I bought it in March of 2011 . It is now November 2012 . It works just like the satisfied reviewers say it does . In other words I have zero complaints . Only small wisps of smoke came out the edges and my overhead fan was enough to take care of that . No smoke alarms , no drama what-so-ever . My only complaint , believe it or not , is the smokey flavor is nearly overwhelming . I ca n't understand people who say they can barely taste the smoke . I ca n't imagine what horrible accident their taste-buds must have suffered to damage them so badly . My cod tasted like I was biting into a chunk of smoked alder . It seriously overpowered that poor cod . At first bite , I swear had I been blindfolded , I would have guessed it was smoked salmon.Fortunately , I also had mahi mahi in there . Seriously , YUM . Seriously . My Mahi Mahi was frozen so I filled the stainless pan with water and put a bunch of salt and sugar in there to make a brine . I let them sit for a couple hours in the brine.When I pulled the Mahi Mahi out of the brine , the stank of fishy fish was nauseating and I thought this was going to be one disgusting dish . Surely the family was n't going to let me get away with serving this ... But frugality won over and into the smoker it went.Twenty five short minutes later I had a near spiritual experience when I tasted the cod only to remember , `` Hey , this is n't salmon . '' WTH?My kids hate fish , especially my fish . I 've been trying to get them to eat fish for 19 years . Tonight , they actually had seconds . Shocking . I 'm on to something ... Fortunately I have some leftovers so I 'm going to try smoked fish chowder in a couple days . Ca n't wait!The fish came out really well , not too dry . Next time what I will do differently is try cooking for say 20 minutes and see if they are any juicier . Do n't get me wrong , they were far juicier than any fish I ever cooked , but I 'm thinking restaurant quality , a really nice restaurant.I 'm thinking if I got cod to taste like salmon , I ca n't wait to actually try salmon in this sucker.The only other thing I would do differently is use more and heavier foil on the drip pan . The juices from the fish , lemon , onion and honey made their way under the foil . So when I was showing off to my kids how smart I am for using it and how easy it was going to be to clean , as I removed the foil before their very eyes as if I was performing a magic trick , revealed was this huge dry black cement puddle super glued to the bottom of the pan that even jackhammer could n't loosen.So there is it in my sink , soaking up sudsy water awaiting removal . I 've been able to dislodge most the charred cement and surly by morning it 'll all be gone.Happy smoke ` n!If you 're thinking about buying this , do it .
 I had my reservations about this stove top smoker but had seen them used on Iron Chef and thought to myself , hmmm , I wonder . Well , wonder no more , it works but does not take the place of using an outdoor smoker . I use it mainly to give food a smokey flavor without using it the same way I would use my outdoor smoker . I thought I would have smoke all over the kitchen and the smoke alarms would go off but that is not the case . once you follow the directions -LRB- please do so -RRB- it keeps most of the smoke inside and does seal the smoke in pretty well . Then again , I only use it for about 15 to 30 minutes max as I will emphasize again , if you want to really smoke somthing-use your outside smoker . It comes with what I call smoke dust -LRB- the woodworker in me -RRB- but if you got a small bag of wood chips , just use the small pieces . It is made of chrome and so far I am pleased with it . I hope this helps and do not know what results others had with this item .
 I 've had the mini-smoker for about 3 months now and it is awesome . All the reviewers here have said the same things
 This stove top smoker is impressive . The lid seals up tight enough the smoke does not escape into the house . You can smell the wood smoking . No more than if you are operating a wood fireplace . It comes with two sample containers of wood . The sample containers appear to be quite small ; however you only use a tablespoon and of wood at a time . I was surprised it only used such a small amount of wood ! Even more surprised when that lasted for about 2 hours!Very high quality product , all stainless steel . I recommend reading and following the instructions regarding easy clean up . Due to its rugged construction , it can be used on a barbecue grill , or even placed directly on a camp fire . The large fold up handle makes handling this much easier with a glove on . The wood chips this smoker uses are finely ground , sort of like dry chewing tobacco.How it works
 Yes , I live in Texas , no I am not a native raised on Texas style bar-b-q . I like a smoky , slightly sweet bark on all of my bar-b-q , kissed with hickory , and a little heat on the finish . What I described is not Texas style bar-b-q , only the brisket has bark , since the meat is brined , coated with kosher salt and cracked black pepper , the bark is so salty it makes me ill . So , I purchased this little stove top smoker , along with the Nordicware -LRB- just in case -RRB- , and hoped for the best . Moments after it arrived , I broke out my best ` Memphis Dust ' , rubbed a slab of baby backs and a thick ribeye , loaded about three tablespoons of hickory and oak chips on the bottom of the grill , then placed the whole thing on the large eye of my gas cooktop range . One hour and 10 minutes later I had ribs and steak that was fork tender , and the smell that floated through the air was divine , despite the fact that very little smoke actually escaped during cooking . No smoke ring , but I did detect a faint pink to the meat -LRB- yes , it was well done -RRB- . I then placed the meat on an open grill to render down the fat that mixes with the sugar in my rub to create that delictable , carmelized bark that I have not found in the 18 bar-b-q establishments I have visited in the year since moving to TX . Mmmm . Mmmm Good .
 Great product for cold weather places , indoor smoking is awesome and I love it but still find smoke leaks out and stinks up my house . But I expect this for smoking . Easy to usebharder to clean . I smoked fish and ribs and pork and everything taste great . This purchase makes me want a bigger smoker for outdoors . But great starter kit .
 My husband and I love to cook and there is n't a lot we do n't have in the kitchen so when I saw this I knew I had to add it to our collection . I got this as one of my husband 's Christmas gifts . He loves it and has used it several times . I also got the 4-pack of wood chips . He loves mixing the chips up and seeing how it works out . I like that it can be used on the stovetop or on the BBQ . It covers 2 of the burners and is perfect for 2 people but we 'll need something larger for when we have company .
 Who would have believed that I would be able to produce fabulous smoked salmon in 25 minutes on my stovetop . I marinate the salmon in soy sauce for 30 minutes , and smoke it using the alder wood chips . Everybody that 's tasted it has loved it .
 It was our first attempt at alder-smoked fresh Alaskan salmon that earned this product a place in our menu planning and our 5-star rating
 This device has been reviewed and discussed in a number of gourmet and cooking magazines over the past year or two . And for good reason , this is a fantastic way to smoke small amounts of food , meat , vegetables and even herbs and salt in your home . It 's the best new toy in my kitchen -- I love my Cameron stovetop smoker .
 I tried my smoker on fish and then pork chops . The food turned out great . It takes a little experience to decide how long to keep the food in the smoker . While the instruction book gives some guidelines , experience eventually takes over .
 Actually , I use it outside on a hot plate , as my house tends to smell like a campfire if I use it in the kitchen . Smoked porkchops
 We 're having a lot of fun with this little smoker . It smokes the food , but not the kitchen . Our baby-back ribs turned out great , and we 're enjoying being able to add a rich smoky taste to our food with no muss , no fuss .
 Do I love this smoker ? Well , after using it once , I ordered the larger size as well , and I have now given the mini size to three people as gifts . The recipients are thrilled with it as well . It is solidly constructed and works as advertised . I am lucky enough to have a Jenn-Aire with its wonderfully efficient downdraft ventilation system , but last night I forgot to turn the fan on , and there was only a pleasant amount of smoke aroma . I 'm pretty allergic to smoke , and my sinuses did n't even complain , so this should work perfectly for people with less-than-perfect ventilation systems in their kitchen . If my husband had his way , I would probably smoke something at every meal . I do n't do it quite that much , but I do use it very often . I was slow braising a pork belly the other night and needed a really solid pan that could be used under the broiler when the braising portion of the cooking was complete . I used this pan and lid and found that it was perfect for that purpose as well . I have rarely bought anything that I have enjoyed as much as this product . I do wish it were a little deeper so a really thick steak or a roast would fit - even the larger size is not deep enough for my needs . I have not yet tried to seal aluminum foil around the meat for larger cuts , but I will give that a shot - everything else Cameron says has proven to be true , so I 'll bet that works very well too .
 Great squirrel feeder . I bought this one to replace another which had finally disintegrated after many years of use . It appears to be well built and should last a long time . One problem however , is that the openings on either side are a bit too large ; the local racoons discovered they could lean in and reach all the corn and nuts . Learning quickly , they raided and emptied the entire contents every night . I attached a small square piece of treated wood to block about half the holes on either side which eliminated the nightly raids but still allow the squirrels to get in and out .
 A friend gave us this feeder and it has been a riot to watch the squirrels with it!We have it bolted to the deck and it has provided a lot of entertainment watching the antics of the little guys getting into and out of it . My only regret is that I did n't find it many yrs ago !
 The squirrels were doing backflips trying to get into the bird feeders so I decided to get them their own . This holds a lot of food and the glass jar lets you watch them rummaging through the food picking out their favorite nuts . I love seeing them sprawl out on the top of the glass jar , relaxing after stuffing their tummies . Only drawback is sometimes the birds find their way into the jar and it takes awhile for them to get back out .
 Excellently constructed feeder . LARGER than expected -LRB- that 's a 1-gallon jug holding the feed -RRB- Cedar construction , attractive -LRB- meaning not an eyesore -RRB- even comes with mounting hardware . Good deal . Keeps the squirrels away from the bird feeders .
 we have flying squirrles , and two other species of squirrles in the back yard so this is a nice way to view them .
 I enjoy having this in my backyard , , I like to sit and have my coffee in the morning and sit and watch the squirrels and yes , the birds tend to get in there as well .
 We thoroughly enjoy watching the squirrels and chipmunks working their way through the varieties of feed in the feeder . The only drawback has been pigeons . They have discovered that they can get into the feeder BUT they can not get themselves out . I retrieved one pigeon , but decided to leave the second one to see if it could get out ... it died in the jar . Yikes ! We tried putting a wire covering over the top half of the opening to see if that would prevent pigeons accessing the jar . This has not worked . Any other ideas ?
 We enjoy feeding these little critters . While most people do their best to chase them away , we laugh at the squirrel antics . It is best to place the squirrel feeder with the jar facing the prevailing wind . Also I found that when mounting the jar , place it on a very slight angle to keep the inside dry.Yes at night the racoons will dine in the jar , but who cares ... the more the merrier !
 Great squirrel feeder ! I have three of them and I also have the fatest squirrels on the block . I would recommend to friends .
 It 's a `` Work Horse '' no doubt about it . It 's user friendly.Easy to change the chain , easy to clean , easy to cut with.No complaints.E.W.B .
 i got the pole saw for the dec okla ice storm . it worked well on limbs 6 inches or smaller . the chain came off once but was easy to put on . i do wish is was about 2 feet longer .
 Poulan 9 Amp Electric Pole Chain Saw , 8-Inch Bar # 810EPTBought this item for husband . Have had 2 manual tree poles and they have not lasted . This item works great and effortlessly and reaches those high branches . Definitely a best buy for him !!
 I hav n't had time to use the product yet ... bad weather , wind etc. . However it looks great ... and not too heavy to handle .
 Though I found the Poulan to be heavier/ackward than I expected , I was impressed with what the 8 '' blade could handle . I took it over to a couple of friends houses to try out on a couple of their trees and they too were very impressed .
 I 've not had this for over a year -LRB- the time necessary to find out if the engineering and construction is for real or for show -RRB- and can say that this device is a keeper . The electric motor is very powerful and the speed of the blade cut will match your gas chain saw -LRB- just keep the chain sharp ! -RRB- . It will save you from getting on a ladder with a blade going 2000 rpm next to your face -- hey , what is that worth ?? I even used the weed eater function and it works really well too . Switching from the pole pruner to the trimmer is super easy . Kudos to Poulan for dreaming up this thing and building it well .
 This product arrived in great shape and after assembly , which was quite simple , worked flawlessly . The extended length worked great . The balance with the included shoulder strap was a great help .
 One year ago , I purchased the Black & Decker NPP2018 cordless pole saw.One year later , IT DID N'T WORK ! , even after the battery was charged for more than 24 hours.I only used it ONE time last year . So I bought a Poulan 810 EPT.I used the Poulan for the first time today , and it was a greatpole saw . The corded electric saw is far more superior to thecordless B&D ; , when the cordless did work . The saw is much faster , andthe speed was constant.The only problem I have with the Poulan , is it does n't comewith a chain cover .
 We bought a cordless Black and Decker pole pruner which initially was very good while the battery lasted . I 'm retired , but not that retired ! And also not that patient ! Having to recharge the battery after approx 15 cuts through hard wood , we soon realized we would need a corded electric or gas.After reading all the good and especially bad comments about the Remington and McCullough I decided to look at one locally . I could see that the safety switch combination would be an irritation for my wife with gloves on . We looked at a Ryobi gas , but at 16 pounds , and my wife asking if she had to pull anything , that was out . I happened to find the Poulan listed without any reviews that I could find anywhere . Were the Poulan 810 users so happy and busy cutting tree limbs they did n't have time to comment ? I was almost ready to spend more for a gas commercial pruner at much more money and noise . What I really wanted was a real pruner , preferably electric . AND nothing to pull to make it go.When I looked at the Poulan 's shipping weight of 21 pounds , I was initially turned off . However , I discovered that a string trimmer attachment , lube oil and tools , also came with the product so that was the extra weight and a surprise bonus . The unit itself is actually only 8-10 pounds.When I unpacked the Poulan 810 , and inspected the product I was surprised at the quality . My first impression was that this product was made by a chain saw outfit . The chain actually has a roller nose in the tip , little holes for pumping in lube , and a standard chain saw type chain and bar assembly . The pruner came with the chain properly tightened . It is interesting that the chain has less teeth than other electric chain saws . The lack of teeth is compensated for by the high speed of the saw.The oil reservoir has a cap that fits tight . The power switch does not have a safety so caution is called for . The motor makes some noise due to its high speed , so those midnight pruning sessions are definitely out . The metal tube/shaft that connects the chain head to the power assembly goes together well . There is almost no flexing of the tube . Wife says electric motor is noisy.I initially made the mistake of telling my wife that this was a great product and how we should use it . After I hooked it up and plugged it in ready to go under the trees , I went into the house to get something . Darn , she got the first cuts ! I could hear the whirring of the motor . The tree took a couple of bad initial hits . Oh well , its a hawthorne tree , it will more than recover . This baby is way to easy to use!We both used the chain saw all afternoon . I frequently checked the chain and other parts for tightness and no adjustment was needed . It was very fast cutting . The pruner was very easy to use from the ground , a ladder and a step ladder . The chain lubricator metered out the lube at a good rate . For those that care , the oil cap stayed on tight . The chain worked flawlessly and required to further tightening.The negatives
 Agree with all the other reviews ... this pruner is powerful , easy to use , and a good value . One note - the pruner measures 9 feet from end to end ... I 'm not sure how that translates to a 12 foot reach -LRB- adding 3 feet of my arm to the product specs ? -RRB- but I read the description and thought I could reach up 12 feet ... you can not without a ladder.Still , I 'd recommend this .
 I needed a pruner and was trying to avoid yet another gas engine . The Poulan 810EPT seems to be a good contraption for the money . I was concerned that it might be underpowered but I have used it to cut limbs as big around as a grapefruit -LCB- about 5 '' -RCB- with no difficulty ; it will likely cut a limb several inches larger . It cuts fast . My only concern with it is that , when you take it apart , have it on a flat surface like the ground or a bench because it is so long that it is hard to control when it comes apart as there is weight on both ends .
 Almost bought a cordless pruner then found this on Amazon . Could n't be more impressed with the saw and it wo n't run down like a cordless would . More than enough power for 6 '' branches.AND , it came with a bonus weed trimmer attachment and all this with free shipping!Also , this Poulan electric power head accepts `` Expand-it '' attachments which are very reasonably priced . I already bought/added a hedge trimmer attachment which also works great.The Poulan 810 EPT is very highly recommended for numerous yard jobs .
 After much research and shopping , I bought this pole saw to maintain the trees on my one acre forested lot . After chopping a lot of limbs , I have been very pleased with the performance of this saw . The unique design , with the motor at the bottom , makes it far better balanced and less tiring to use than the `` chainsaw on a stick '' designs that have everything at the top of the pole . It has plenty of power and will easily cut any pole saw sized limb . It is somewhat shorter than my manual pole saw but I found that it has close to the same usable reach because you dont need to be able to pull it back and forth as with a manual saw . If you can lay the blade on the limb at all , you can cut it . Its good balance makes it easy to use from a ladder as well . Be warned though , it is still real work to do a lot of trimming with this saw . Do not buy this-or any other powered pole saw-thinking that it will make trimming a breeze and take away all the effort and upper body fatigue of using a pole saw . You get much , much more done but my arms and shoulders were nearly as tired after working with this saw as I am after using my manual saw for the same amt of time . You are still going to need that upper body strength !
 This is a wonderful pruning saw . It is easy to use , once you get the shoulder strap adjusted . The motor is on one end and the saw on the other end and balances from the shoulder strap . The strap which carries most of the weight of the saw on your left shoulder means you can prune all day and not feel tired -- which means for the average homeowner that you are not trying to to control a naked chain saw on the end of a long pole with tired arms . It pays to carefully adjust the strap . It was all I could do to make ther strap short enough to take the saw weighht at a comfortable height , and the balance point on the shaft can not be moved to exactly the right spot because that is where the joint in the shafts is , but you can get both adjustments near enough to work well.The anti-kickback chain design which limits the depth of cut is great . I experienced no kickback . The oiler seems to work well , providing good lubrication . The chain did not loosen much in the initial session , and has stayed adjusted since then.My only complaints are the lack of a safety switch which means you can accidentally start the saw going when you grab the handle . Just be careful ! A scabbard would be nice to protect the chain.All in all this is a great buy . You wo n't be disappointed , especially at the price . I have n't used the weed whacker attachment yet , but it looks good with 2 cutting lines . I like the doohickey which plugs in to the end of the shaft and allows the weedwhacker -LRB- or saw -RRB- attachment to hang on the wall from a nail when not in use . Nicely thought out . The saw comes with adjusting tool , a small jar of chain oil , and the support adjusting allen wrench . A good product .
 Product was slow to arrive and damaged beyond use upon arrival . Amazon referred me to the manufacturer who referred me to a poorly run repair shop . The repair shop never returned my phone calls and I had to hound them for 2 weeks before they finally ordered the part . Another week later the part was received . The unit works better than expected . I am very impressed with the pruner itself . It functions much better than the comprable Remington sold at local hardware stores . The pruner 's design also makes it very easy to handle . However , I am extremely disapointed in Amazon . They should have gotten the part for me instead of pawning me off on the manufacturer . I am never ordering bulky mechanical tools online again . Too many moving parts for UPS to destroy .
 I needed to trim some branches away from the wires . Also I want to trim back a tree to keep the roots from getting into my sewer pipe and costing me the $ 1500 it cost to dig that up and fix it . I talked to some young people into climbing up the tree with a ladder and triming it with whatever we could find . They said they would do it sometime , but the job never seemed to get done . Then I bought the Poulan Pole Saw because Poulan has alway had a very good reputation , even 30 years ago . As it turned out the rig was a little heavy for me . Still the very next person I talked to , I handed them the saw and zip , zip it was done . They were done a lot quicker then if we had stood around and talked about it . Also , he did not even charge me anything . He just went to brag to his girl friend about trimming the tree and she was impressed so everyone was happy . Next time a young person shows up I will hand him the Poulan and let them do some more trimming on other trees . It is very quick and easy . In fact they think it is fun , they like to use the saw . It is amazing how fast and easy this saw is if you have the strength to use it .
 Easy to use tree trimmer ... It got my teenager out of bed and eager to do some work around the house !
 After reading the reviews here and elsewhere , I decided to take the plunge to make bearable the annual task of topping crepe myrtles . Hats off to Amazon for promptly replacing the first unit which was DOA . I am generally not a fan of corded electric tools , now that battery technology allows 18 volts or more , but this is a case where power makes the difference . The tool is unwieldy , but that 's to be expected for something that delivers that sort of cutting power 10 feet off the ground . I am very satisfied .
 My Poulan pole chain saw is still working well after 2 years of seasonal usage . You should understand , however , that I do n't have a tree trimming business , and , it only gets used during a few weeks in the Fall and early Spring . I use it to reach up high to lop off branches in several large trees in our yard . It 's extended the reach of my arms by about 8 feet ! I wish that the motor and drive mechanism on its end were n't so heavy but this top heaviness probably is characteristic of all electric pole pruners/trimmers . Someday , perhaps , a chainsaw manufacturer will make a flexible shaft drive pole saw with the heavy motor on the end of the pole near the operator 's hands . This Poulan saw has been running well though . The only real service I 've given it has been occasional sharpening of its chain saw blade , keeping its oil reservoir filled and removing accumulated saw dust from its mechanisms . The only bad feature I 've noticed has been the tendency of the electric plug to slip off and detach itself from the end of the pole saw . This can be annoying while working near the top of a ladder because one has to descend , retrieve the end of the extension cord and reconnect its plug to the pole saw . The security loop and post to retain the plug helps a little but the plug invariably pulls out after several minutes of use on a ladder . Looping your extension cord a few times around the top of the ladder -LRB- to take weight off the cord -RRB- helps a little bit . I found that the only good solution was to insert the cord under the loop and around the post and then to tie the cord to the pole saw to keep it from pulling out.May I suggest some safety tips . When ascending or descending a ladder while carrying an electric pole saw , one should always hold the pole saw as low as possible and close to the ladder . This will lower your center of gravity and lessen your chances of losing your balance and falling from the ladder . Once you 've reached your desired position on the ladder , you should tie yourself to the ladder because you 're going to be reaching upwards with essentially a weighted pole . The effect of working with a weight on the end of an extended pole may be enough to cause you to lose your balance - and fall ! Needless to say , since I usually stand near the top of a tall step ladder , I also lash my ladder to the ground , or trees , before beginning to trim branches . These precautions may seem needless to some , but , taking 15 to 20 minutes of precautionary measures is more desirable than falling from a ladder after a hurried set-up . Finally , do n't work with a pole saw or any pole near power lines and always assess your physical capabilities carefully before performing any job that can result in harm to your body .
 The Poulan pole saw does what it is supposed to do - trims branches that would otherwise be out of reach . It cuts quickly and cleanly , and so far -LRB- I 've used it only a couple of times -RRB- I have had no trouble with the chain either binding or becoming too loose . It is quite heavy -LRB- compared to a hand pole saw -RRB- , but if you adjust the shoulder sling they provide you can get it to balance reasonably well . The fact that the motor is at the bottom of the pole while the cutting mechanism is fixed to the top of the pole makes balancing and control easier . But of course it also means you can not use the tool as a hand electric chain saw without the pole -LRB- as I believe is possible with some electric pole saws -RRB- .
 REVISED 01-16-09
 Had my Poulan for a week and been cleaning up low hanging limbs easily . It arrived in great shape , easy to assemble and just the machine for getting the job done . If you 've ever used a chain saw , we live in rural Oregon and heat with wood , then you 'll appreciate how quiet it is . I only wish someone would make one to extend 30 ft or more and still be manageable , so we could eliminate the need for a logger or tree trimming service .
 I 'm quite satisfied with the performance of the Poulan Electric Pole Chain saw . I needed a way to get into pruning out excessive new shoots growing under large `` spiky '' agaves on our property . This saw has worked fine . It does a great job pruning equally hazardous Mexican fan palm fronds . The pole saw is a little heavier and substantial than I anticipated . But this gives it heft in tackling tree branch trimming which it also does well .
 I have used this saw once and it worked well . Very quick . Saves on a lot of manual labor . It does , however , leak chain oil during storage .
 I have an apple orchard of 55 mature trees -LRB- 50 years + -RRB- . This saw isthe ticket for the large upright sun branches -LRB- up to 4 '' in OD -RRB- . Why I never bought a pole trimmer before is mu mistake . This saw has plenty of power and easy to position for s true surgical limb cut . I would recommend this product . Shop around for the best price .
 What a great product.I 'm 67 years old and still couuld handle this saw , as it is well balanced and not too awful heavy . I just trimmed about 4ft from the top of a tree , and what a time saver . I was done in no time.Received it from Amazon in a very short time , and in great condition.Plugged it in and it was ready to go to work.I Highly recommend this product.My thank 's to Amazon for the great price and good service.Tom Goforth
 Saw was as advertised and seems to work very well . I previously had a cordless saw and it failed and the batteries died very quickly . This saw is great a little short on reach but everything else is fine .
 Upon receiving my new pole saw , I used it immediately . It was all that I was looking for . Could not have selected a better piece of equipment .
 Best Value & Price . Easy assemby ... per instructions . No adjustments needed for initial operation , Strong metal pole . Saw blade cuts fast and clean . Extra bonus , comes with weed eater attachment.Extremely please with overall construction and operation of thepole saw . .
 There had to be an easier way -LRB- still using hand cutters -RRB- to trim back the huge holly hedge that makes the northern border of my property . Researching the web I decided on the Poulan electric saw . My yard is small enough to where I do n't need the power and stamina of gas powered tools.I was bit wary after reading a review of damage happening to the tool in transit . I worked on the docks of UPS many years ago . I know first hand what packages go through . Sure enough when my package arrived the center section was kind of flattened . However in unpacking the unit , there was no damage done . It is a long awkward package to handle in transit . The chain saw and power unit were well packed against damage . The center part of the box is pretty much hollow for the pole.The chain saw is very easy to set up and run . It balances pretty well which reduces fatigue . Like any power tool it can get loud ... ear plugs are recommended . Safety glasses are a must under ANY circumstance.A string trimmer was also included in with this . I have not had the opportunity to test this out yet.I 'm very pleased with the performance of the pole saw , which was the main reason I purchased this tool .
 Over all a nice product . 2 negatives are weight -LRB- heavy -RRB- and there is no trigger safety . All you need to do is touch the trigger and it starts .
 This is indeed a very nice pole saw.I did not use the electric power unit . I attached the pole saw to my 4-cycle string trimmer and it cuts nice and fast . The oiler also works well . As many Poulan made oilers , it will drip in storage so you may want to either empty the oil reservoir or put a piece of plastic underneath.I trimed all the branches that I can reach while standing on the ground today . The 12 ' reach is about right . Tomorrow , I am going to go up a ladder and trim the ones even higher .
 THIS IS AGOOD PRUNER . IUSED IT FOR HEAVY DUTY CUTTING . CHAIN DOES GET STUCK , BUT THAT WAS MY FAULT FOR TRYING TO CUT BEYOND MY RANGE . POLE IS STURDY BUT COULD USE RE-INFORCEMENT AROUND THE NECK OF SAW . ALL IN ALL WORKS GREAT WITHIN PRESCRBED LIMITATIONS.ALWAYS WEAR GOGGLES AS THE CHIPS DO FLY AND GET IN YOUR EYES .
 If you need an electric chainsaw pruner , this is your product . In a weekend I detail pruned the palmtrees and hardwoods around my property and i 'm very pleased with the quality and performance of this Poulan product . I recommend it .
 This is a great machine . My husband is ill and I figured I have to do alot of the stuff around the yard myself.This little machine is very powerful and does the job quickly and not to heavy . The bonus is the weedwacker . It is the best electric one I have used . You will not be sorry for this purchase .
 REVISED 01-16-09
 I purchased two of these tables to complement the two I already own , as I needed to extend the packaging area to accomodate more volume.The tables arrived well packaged , in a combination of cardboard and styrofoam.Assembly was easy , just place the table unside down , unfold the legs and lock them in place with the ring provided . Extending the legs to adjust the table height is a little more tricky and was a 2 person job for us . One had to push the two spring loaded pins and hold them inside the leg tubbing , as the other pulled on the leg assembly to extend the tube to the next click.Also when the table is stored , legs folded into the thickness of the table , the tubes are locked in place with 2 plastic parts on each side . Two of these were dislodged , probably during transportation and were not easy to re-attach . Once properly assembled , and on a flat surface , the table is very sturdy , even with heavy packages on them.The tables are now in place , adjusted to the proper height for packaging operation and we are very happy . Just wished they were a little less pricey .
 I ordered this table to use as a cutting table for my sewing projects . The 36 inch height setting works great ! It is so much easier on my back than a standard 30 inch height table . This is a nice solid table also . I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 So it is a table and it is adjustable for three heights . It is strong , light , and the adjustments work well . The design is solid .
 Table is fine , but it came with a dent in the top . I turned it so the dent does not affect my work surface.But , after it was shipped to my school , my principal told me it was cheaper at Costco , and no shipping charge .
 I love my new Lifetime 22920 6-Foot Adjustable Folding Table . It was delivered fast and it was well packaged and came in great shape . I am new in sewing and just started quilting and needed a table for my cutting and assembling my quilts and projects . I chose this table because my sewing teacher has them at her studio and love the creamy surface , different heights it provides and it was easy to set up . I have it set up at the highest level and it is great on my back and arms when I am cutting my blocks . I definitely recommend this great table for anyone who sews , quilts or does any crafts .
 We purchased this 6 ' table for the preschool classes here at the church . We have been looking for an adjustable table for several months that the shipping was almost as much as the table . We could have used a longer table but it really nice table but it is very good .
 I 've been looking for inexpensive tables that do n't take up big space for storage.This is perfec for preschool/kindergarten kids to work on craft/drawing projects at Saturday school -- easy to fold and carry !! I bought two of these at sale price.I hope this will last for a long time !! So far , I 'm happy with this product .
 I have been looking for an adjustable table to do &#34; stand-up &#34; work at in our home office . This is the perfect table , lots of room and high enough our backs no long hurt .
 Just what I wanted . I needed a 36 &#34; working table . This is the one . Thanks and the price was right too .
 The tables arrived on time and are nice tables . I am disappointed that the adjustments are not what I needed . The lowest setting is perfect for the younger children but is too low for older children ; the middle and higher settings are too high .
 I was looking for a LARGE adjustable height table to accomodate for my dj setup , and I 'm very happy I found this one . It 's big enough to accomodate my two technics 1200 's , two cdj 350 -LRB- even tho I 'm sure I could fit a pair of 1000 's , too -RRB- , an Xone 92 , and a midi controller . There 's enough depth to put a laptop stand behind my mixer , too.Now , it 's a bit too bulky and heavy to carry around to gigs , so , you 'd rather consider this table as a permanent setup in your home or garage.Now , I wish they hadmade a 8 foot version of this table , so that I could fit even more stuff . But I 'm very happy overall .
 I needed a table to create some additional counter space in my kitchen . The table is sturdy , has a large work area , and the adjustable legs go up to 36 '' high , the height of a standard kitchen counter . I love it !
 This is a very handy item . It can be lowered or raised according to what you need . I needed it to hold a tabletop Christmas tree at the holidays and it was terrific . Now I used it as a lamp/end table with a decorative tablecloth and topper . The item is very sturdy , much more so than the little round tables you can buy to act as lamp table . I bought a smaller one for my office to expand my counterspace . It can be folded up when I do n't need it .
 I needed a small table for use in a flower show . This table is light weight and ajustable in height , folds flat for storage and is very sturdy , just right for a quick display set-up .
 My wife needed a good 30inch round table and after searching locally we could n't find any that she liked . We found this one on Amazon and she is extremely happy with it . It was priced right and is more than adequately strong . We use ours as a night table with a cover and it is a definite keeper !
 Needed a table for my porch , and wanted it to be an `` all-purpose '' sort . This filled the billed very well . It 's a nice size -LRB- could seat three easily -RRB- , and can be adjusted to several heights , making it convenient for many purposes . The fact that it folds up and can be put away in a closet or shed is a bonus .
 I am delighted with my Lifetime Tables . Just what I was looking for and also affordable . A visiting friend , liked them so much , she ordered one for her office . Joanne
 I have one of these , this one is for my sister 's motorhome . It makes a great little game or card table , eating doing a small craft table . Folds up nicely and has a height adjustment .
 This table with its adjustable height was just what I needed . It 's strong , easy to adjust , and stable after it 's set up .
 Love this little table . I use it in the back yard when bbqing or just sitting out there for my coffee and newspaper . Well worth what I paid for it , a real bargain .
 Mostly just a notice to first timers like myself , the fuel filter lives inside of the gas tank . A long set of needle nose pliers is a useful tool for getting the old one out , just remove the cap , grab the coiled fuel line and you should be able to see the filter at the end . Most of the rest is intuitively obvious once you take the top cowl off the chainsaw , except for the fact that people who purchased this apparently have also made a strong correlation to buying the Firefly series DVD -LRB- I struggle to see the tie-in , but I would be concerned if it was the Texas Chainsaw Massacre -RRB- .
 We have used the original Condor on the river in sun , wind and rain and found it to be very reliable . The angled sides offer lots of protection and flexiblitly . This `` upgraded '' Condor II , with the 2 additional sides , should make it even better . The option to remove them is handy too . Ca n't wait to get it !
 I ordered the 10 ' cover for a new dwarf meyer lemon tree . It is planted in the ground , not a pot . I put in 4 stakes around the tree and fitted the cover around it . Because the tree is not in a pot , I put a few rocks around the bottom of the cover to make sure it stayed in contact with the ground during wind . It works great and the lemon is doing great after a few freezing nights and I expect it to get through the winter . I can see that this size cover would also work well with a really big pot . I would recommend that you fit it during daylight hours and then loosen it and take it off and wait for the freezes for application .
 Works very well on my fussy gardenia - so far it has kept the poor plant alive through several 12-degree nights . It 's worth the $ if you have a plant or plants you would like to make sure stay alive during the winter .
 This product arrived late but in good condition.It is working well and is as described.I have used a similar product in the past but it was unusable after one hard winter.However , it did have two places to draw the cord closed . Because the circumference of this one so large would be helpful to have draw cords at opposite sides .
 We have a large amount of plants and here in Texas , experience wide range of cold weather fronts . These are not only easy to put on and off but work really well .
 Nice and big , fits over my 5 ft tall lime tree . Pretty light so does n't weight down on the plant as much as say a sheet does .
 i love how these green covers are easy on the eyes and easy to put on and take off !! The price is reasonable . No more pieces of white landscaping cloth and tape andrope to wrestle with!I first bought two to try them out - then have ordered 3 more !!!!!! We have a home that is designed around a pool and lookout over potted sego palms . They have to be coveredwhen it is freezing - These covers make it fast , efficient andattractive . The dark green does n't jump out at you .
 I used this product to cover my flower garden for the upcoming season , with the expectation that it would do the job of protecting my flowers and so far so good !!
 Good for the price ... good for more mild California winters . The wind can make it challenging to tie down , but that 's to be expected . A nice little , light weight blanket for my plants .
 Used on my sago palms and they look great . The cover was easy to put on and stays on for the most part . They do come off in heavy winds but that is understandable .
 In the San Francisco Bay Area , you can grow many tropical plants in your patio or backyard , because the temperature rarely drops even to freezing -LRB- 32 degrees F. -RRB- . In a typical winter , your plants will encounter freezing temperatures for only a few nights , and then only for a few hours a night . Unfortunately , even a few hours at 30-32 degrees is enough to severely damage my big , beautiful , apricot-flowered Brugmansia -LRB- Angel 's Trumpet -RRB- . The PLANKET PLANT COVER has rescued this 5-foot high , 5-foot wide plant several times . Although the 10-foot circle is not big enough to cover the entire plant , it does cover the lower stems , branches , and trunk . When the Planket 's edges are weighted down with flower pots , the fabric provides enough insulation to keep the plant 's lower leaves and stems from freezing . In the spring , the plant is able to produce new growth and recover.This Planket works much , much better than a traditional frost blanket -LRB- for example , Master Gardner 737-F Frost Blanket -RRB- . A frost blanket is made of thin , lightweight , nearly `` see-through '' fabric , and the fabric is extremely hard to control . When I tried to cover the entire Brugmansia with a frost blanket , the wind caught and twisted the fabric , rendering it useless . -LRB- I never did find out whether the frost blanket would have provided sufficient overnight insulation for the plant . -RRB- The lightweight Planket fabric is just heavy enough to be easily handled . The Planket is also a permanent covering that you can fold and store , then pull out for reuse year after year . In addition , the dark green fabric looks reasonably good when you have to cover your decorative plants . -LRB- I purchased my Planket directly from the manufacturer 's web site , at a time when Amazon was not yet selling the product . -RRB-
 It is just what I needed to protect against the wind and cold and not have to remove until danger of freezes are gone .
 Wonderful and so easy to cover my plants . wish they came bigger for my citrus trees they are the small ones
 We have had incredibly cold nights these past few weeks . Without this my Jade plant would have been gone . I put little white lights under the blanket to add a little heat .
 Or so I found out after moving here from the upper mid-west . Works good and as advertised . Arrived in prompt fashion . My only suggestion would be a better way to put two of the 10 ` X20 ' together OR make a 20 ` X20 ' So I can cover my citrus trees easier .
 I bought this item last year and it worked beautifully , but we had a very mild winter . I bought more because I gave one to my son hope they work as well this year .
 Inexpensive way to keep expensive plants healthy through the colder months . Item arrived on time and just as described . Worth buying .
 Arrived on time and as described . It 's quite large but that gives the shrub room to grow . Already had the opportunity to use it . Went on quick and easy . Very pleased .
 This product is amazingly simple & works just fine w / a few tweaks , per within.However , a slight downside is that both of the spring tines broke after exactly 1 year & 6 uses -LRB- shucks -RRB- . Found some ersatz replacements @ the local landscape supply for much less than offered here , so no heartburn overall.Caveat
 I have a cord mower , 19 '' , and it took a bit to adapt the dethatching blade . I ended up putting the dethatching blade below the cutting blade . At first , I tried the dethatching blade alone , but on my mower it did not work , it attached over the plastic fan part and quite quickly melted it because of friction . Then I tried it beneath the regular blade and it worked . Added benefit
 Product worked great for my small lawn . Picked up tons of thatch and only went over the lawn once . Went on and off the mower really easily . Highly recommend this product for anyone with a small to medium size lawn . Now hopefully the new seed will take ... Only hiccup was when the self-appointed `` lawn god '' next door decided to come over and say `` You know that 's not how you mow , right ? '' -LRB- Yeah , buddy . I know that 's not how you mow ... -RRB- When I asked him if he knew what de-thatching was -LRB- he did n't -RRB- , he simply tried to change the subject by telling me that I went over to `` his '' side of the lawn ... I apparently should 've known , since he 's been mowing up to a certain spot for years -LRB- I just bought the house ... -RRB- . So anyway , that 's a long way of saying that thatching is an ugly process . Beware the ignorant `` lawn god '' next door ...
 Used it on a Black and Decker Lawn Hog electric mower . I undersized it -LRB- 19 `` mower - 16 '' Power Rake -RRB- , and slight mounting modifications . I works great . Would recommend it in this configuration .
 My lawn probably never had been de-thatched and I was to lazy to rake de-thatch the whole thing . This blade worked well for what it is . I did n't go to low on the mower so it would n't destroy my lawn and it still pulled up most of the dead grass that I had . I did have to go over with a rake to get some of the tough to get stuff but if you are somewhat lazy like me and hate raking this is definately the way to go .
 Was very pleased with the speed of delivery . I could n't find this item anywhere locally . I guess no one de-thatched their lawn here in Florida . Antway , the product worked great . I ised it about 1.5 weeksago and the lawn is greening up nicely . I expect in two weeks in will be where I want it to be . Thanks for mking this product available to me ...
 Only problem with this is that it does n't really fit as universally as they make it seem . Got a Ryobi 48v electric mower and it took a little imagination to make this work . In the end , it did its job , although it was time consuming . Another annoying thing was that the blade would n't allow the debris to make it in the bag , so everything had to be raked and gathered as best as possible leaving much grass and weed debris over the areas we were trying to get clear of so new better grass seed would take .
 I am a blueberry grower and rely on netting to keep birds and other critters out of my fields . I purchased this netting and it was as advertized and of good quality . Will be purchasing it again .
 I use this netting to cover my chicken run to keep them safe from hawks . I also use it over garden areas to keep birds off of fruit and tender vegetables . It 's lightweight and easy to cut to the size you need .
 I was really happy when I used this the first time because I could really feel the warmer water - excellent buy for me !!!
 This skimmer is made of aluminum , and flexes nicely when skimming the pool water . I should get many years of service . It 's a good investment .
 this leaf skimmer does what it made to do , skim the top of the water for leafs and other debree !
 Well made , and far better priced than ones of similar or lesser quality that are being sold at my local pool supply shop . ~ Rusty
 The Fiskars Garden Hoe is WONDERFUL ! Pre-sharpened , long enough that you do n't have to bend over , ergonomically shaped handle with comfy hand grips , and it works GREAT ! What more could you want ? Next I going to get two different shovels , then I may try the rake . All Fiskar products WORK . What a concept !!!
 I get sick and tired of buying garden tools that are hard to work with , poorly designed and then fall apart . I needed a new hoe and saw this on Amazon for under $ 17 including shipping . For that price I can barely purchase a cheap one so thought I would give it a try . Glad I did!First , the handle is entirely one piece so no worries about collapsing or coming apart like so many of the newer two piece tools.Second , the handle is nice and long - again , so many of the newer versions are skimping and making them just a few inches shorter so that it hurts your back to do any real work with them.Third , the handle is all aluminum so not only strong but INCREDIBLY light weight - again , making it less tiring to work with.Fourth - the handle is ergonomically shaped in the triangular shape to fit your natural grasp so no more sliding or blisters!Fifth - the blade is already sharpened direct from the factory . One of the main reasons so many garden tools are terribly difficult and back-breaking to work with is poor design and failure to have a sharp edge . This comes ready to use or you can put a bit more edge if you prefer but either way - it is designe dto be sharped just like hoe 's of old . If you have never used a sharpened hoe and think all garden labor is excrutiating then you will be pleasantly surprised ! Combined with the ergonomic fit , light weight and solid construction - not to mentin price - this is a fantastic value for the money!My only regret - I only bought one .
 yes , it 's a GARDEN HOE , not a back yard one , for that I 'll have to buy another one for serious digging , very light , very well built , works well with either glove or bare handed , cuts roots of weeds pretty well , and dug up half inch of soil if you want to , because of the angle of the head part , it 's not possible to dig more than that . Did cut a 2 inch root with only one strike and get the job done , excellent shock absorbing shaft .
 So many of my garden tools are in two pieces now . This hoe has a lifetime warranty . It 's so lightweight and very sharp . I am very pleased with it and shipping was quick too !
 This easy-to-work with hoe makes garden work a breeze ! Its long lightweight handle , coupled with a sharply honed edge , enable one to easily get rid of weeds and loosen soil around vegetables , flowers and trees . What a wonderful change from my old short wooden-handled dull heavy relic !
 This is a very nice Hoe . It is extremely light weight but still very effective with a nice sharp edge .
 I am satisfied with this purchase . I am a tall woman and the length of this garden tool is perfect for My 5 ' 10 '' frame . It also works excellent for weeding My raised garden bed .
 I have not used this yet but my wife has . She said that it felt cheap in her hands , although it has not broke yet -LRB- will post an update if it does -RRB- . However , the orange handle -LRB- at the top -RRB- kept slipping off . Like stated in one of the other reviews , it will work well for weeding a garden , but for digging trenches in the back yard or cutting roots or something , I would get a heavier duty hoe like the one from Bully Tools ... they make EXCELLENT quality stuff , and all in the USA.in case anyone was wondering ... http://www.amazon.com/Bully-92353-2-Inch-Garden-Fiberglass/dp/B0031575GS/ref=sr_1_1?s=lawn-garden&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1336739876&sr;=1-1
 This is my second year to use this hoe and I like it quite a lot . It seems indestructible and it does make work easier . I suppose something about its design makes this happen . I do n't recall having sharpened it but it still has a nice edge to it . It 's a good bit more expensive than a cheap hoe from a big box store but I suspect it will be the last hoe you buy if you take care of it .
 I bought this hoe to go with the other pieces of Fiskars I 've had for several years . It is very well made and very sharp on it 's edge ! I love it !! It is a very hard to find item !! Thank you Amazon for making it easy for me to get it !!
 For someone who had never wired a bonsai before , this is more than enough , and good enough to do the job . I still have most of it left after several months . Good , cheap , pretty easy to use .
 For a beginer getting bonsai wire is daunting . Most outlets sell such large quantities that you could rewire your electric with it . -LRB- Dont try it -RRB- Luckily this wire comes in three sizes and is not over abundant with their quantity.I wired my bonsai succesfully with this product and definitly reccomend it.However , the largest thickness wire is extremely difficult to bend and will definitely be a pain for your thumbs.Aside from that this is simply perfect for people who prefer smaller quantity and smaller prices .
 Great deal . Probably aluminium wire , but it works great . Used it on both of my trees and let some friends borrow it for their trees as well . Still have plenty left over . Includes the three sizes that 99 % of people will need . Would highly recommend .
 This is a good operational fountain head . The price is good , too , when compared to prices in the stores .
 I have had this set up in a large patio waterfall for over six months now and it is perfectly suited for it , large surface area , low profile , easy to access to clean -LRB- though I probably will not need to clean mine more than once a year since my pond is so small -RRB- ... do n't know that I 'd use it on a pond up to its full rating , but I 'm fully satisfied
 Many years ago I built wife a 400 gallon Koi pond . When it started to break down I built a new one about 40 % bigger and the old filter would not keep up . I had an extra so I hooked 2 together and still was often having to clean the filters daily . Bought this , hooked it up to the same pump : < -LSB- ... -RSB- > Which as a snap and that was the end of having to clean it daily . Now I can go weeks between cleanings.One thing to know . As it comes to you it 's not really ready to go . I first tried it and it would not sink to the bottom . You can take out some of the foam blocks in it and replace with lava rock , or what I did was just put a couple old butter knives from the silverware drawer in it and that took care of that .
 Length :
 This is a great grill . It turns any * camp chef stove into a grill . -LRB- * They do n't recommend using it with any of their high-pressure burners . I asked . -RRB- And not just any grill , but a real grill that produces great flavor . I was a die-hard charcoal user , but this grill has won me over . The diffuser plate does indeed burn off drippings , and this combined with the nice iron grill surface makes food that 's darn close to charcoal-cooked . This and a Camp Chef Explorer two-burner stove was our tent camping setup for a few years now , and I just love it . I recently purchased a single-burner stove just to run this grill box , and it performs just as well.Pros : - It heats up fast , and is able to maintain high heat easily . Good searing capability . - Great flavor - High-quality - reasonably portable along with a single-burner stove - Surprising amount of room on the grill and within the tall lid . - The carrying case they sell for it is a must.Now for the cons : - The lid is not hinged , so you need a place to put it while you tend to the food . If you have a single-burner stove , do n't buy their lid holder , as it has nowhere to mount . It only works for a two-burner . - You can overwhelm the drip plate with grease , and what ca n't burn off quickly WILL drip on the ground . So unless you have some method of ground cover , do n't put this on your deck or patio . - It has no handles on the sides , so lifting it off the stove is a careful effort . - The camp chef stoves can sometimes be frustrating in the wind . Watch that your burner does n't blow out.In summary , for my camping use , family of four , it 's perfect as long as there 's a table nearby to place the lid on . Wish there was a drip-free version that I could use at home on my deck .
 This grill box is perfect for patio and camp grilling/cooking . I would recommend this product .
 We picked up the grill box to turn our Camp Chef 2-burner stove into a barbecue when grilling over a fire was n't possible . This accessory is worth every penny ! We used it twice this weekend on our camping trip - once to make pork tenderloin and once to grill chicken . We were thrilled with the outcome . I was worried that the small grill box would n't be big enough , but we fed 8 people both nights with room to spare . I should point out that it 's a little hard to clean , but I 'm sure I 'll get better at that as I get used to it . I 'm very pleased with this purchase . I 'm going to pick up the carrying case though because it is a little bulky .
 This is great for quick grilling for two to four people -LRB- maybe 6 but crowded -RRB- . Did n't put 5 stars because there are two things that I do n't like :1 -RRB- it takes a lot to warm up .2 -RRB- if you do n't use the lid it takes a while to cook.Other than that is very practical and an excellent complement for my single burner stove.I recommend.Buy a grill thermometer , it 's very useful with this grill -LRB- is like a disc that goes directly in the grill -RRB- . Amazon as always delivered very in a excellent package and on time !
 Durable and virtually non stick . Some little maintenance required -LRB- which I do n't mind -RRB- to make sure it is clean from remnant of food -LRB- you can burn the `` scraps '' and use a stiff brush to brush them off/through the grill . Coat it from time to time with the special `` butter '' made from the cast iron .
 This works pretty well for camping for a few people but also as an alternate BBQ at home when we ran out of room on our home BBQ it worked great to do hotdogs or corn . Just keep up on the seasoning of the cast iron grate . Recommended a strap to tie the who thing together to make it more portable .
 Works great and just as advertised . Great accessory for the Camp Chef stove . A must have if you want to grill anything .
 as always a chef product made to last and last . done pk butts , ribbs , brisket . the quality is unbeliveable . just keeps on cookin .
 We already had a camp chef stove and barbeque for our motor home , but wanted something smaller for our truck camper . This item fit the bill along with the single burner camp chef stove . It works great and does a really delicious steak !
 I purchase this grill to use with my 20 year old Camp Chef two burner stove . I am very pleased on how well it grills , food has a lot of flavor . It looks like the Camp Chef stove has changed and gotten a little bigger since I purchased mine , it is advertised to fit all of their stoves but it does n't fit perfectly on my old stove . Mine is a little smaller than the current generation of stoves that Camp Chef puts out , but it still works fine . I will probably purchase a single burner stove from Camp Chef to do all my grilling with this item later on but for now it will do just fine with my old stove.My only complaint is that the grill does n't have handles on the lower section of the grill so you have to wait for it to cool down before removing it from the stove if you need use the burner it 's on to cook other item 's . Other than that , I think it 's a great item .
 Great product . Excellent design . Fits nicely on the stove . Easy to take on and off the stove . Heats quickly and evenly . When making the corns and grilling vegetables , I found it more effective and quicker to just set the vegetables directly on the grill so you could get the direct flames and a deeper grill .
 ONE WORD THE BEST ! NO COMPLAINTS IT CAME EARLY AS PROMISED IT WAS NO DAMAGED MY HUSBAND LOVES HIS GRILL THANKS AMAZON
 Worth the money . Would recommend to anyone with the camp chef setup . Like all the camp chef equipment . Very good product .
 I purchased 4 of the Heavy Duty Plant Stakes . The stakes never arrived and I did not receive any notification until a refund showed up in my bank account . I am raising my rating score as the company contacted me after I left other feedback and offered me 10 % off of future orders .
 This spinner consists of two main parts , the outer area and a smaller inner star . The picture suggested many concentric parts but that 's not the case . But the spinner is gorgeous , with a metallic power coat that morphs from red to purple and back again . The piece is centered with a multi-colored globe that just adds the icing on the cake.It 's a sturdy item and I 'm confident it 'll last for years . Looks great , well constructed , reasonable price . Ca n't go wrong with this one .
 I bought a similar backback almost 3 years ago . -LRB- Jansport with leather bottom ... it only had one backpocket though -RRB- It lasted me up until last month ... the back pocket started to tear near the zipper at that point . I wanted to replace it with the `` normal '' Jansport backpack -LRB- without the leather bottom -RRB- but when I went to the retail stores to check them out , they did n't feel like quality of the one I had before.I 'm so glad I bought this one to replace my backpack . It is such a sturdy backpack . It 's even better than my previous backpack because it has an extra pocket in the back and the pockets are larger . The texture of the backpack also feels stronger.The price on amazon is also very good -LRB- I saved a great amount over buying at the mall -RRB- . Perfect for a college student ... even with a full load of books .
 I love this ! I bought it a few months back and it has helped me carry many heavy things . I 'm in college so it is able to carry heavy textbooks . Also , my laptop which is a 17 '' and a little heavy already fits inside . It has too pockets on the side , the first big enough to ft at least two paperbacks and the outer pocket can fit pens and pencils or wallets . It was worth the price .
 I have had this backpack for some years and it is utstanding . I lost the first one and bought a new as soon as it was reintroduced on the market . The leather bottom makes all the differense for me . I 'm disabled and use a wheelchair and have my sack with me all the time . The leather make it stay in my lapp and dont slip away . The warrenty is excellent and I had only changed the zippers two times without any cost . The new model has a bigger and more functional pocket and that is something I think add in quallity . Thank You JansSport !
 I was looking for a good back pack to take with me not only to school but to work and I must say this is the one . It 's size is great and fits all of my items \ books as needed . I normally carry three books -LRB- 300 + page text book -RRB- plus my lunch . In all , although I only carry three books , it still has plenty of room to take in about two more . . Great buy !!!!
 As a university student , I have to be really careful with my money . I decided to purchase the `` JanSport Right Pack -LRB- Classic Tan -RRB- '' for $ 24.97 simply because it was the most inexpensive JanSport backpack I could find . And I do n't regret it for a second.I 've been using it since mid-October 2008 and it has been a great and reliable backpack . Being tan , it looks cool too . I would have thought black would be the cheapest , and colors more expensive , but oh well . I have been using JanSport backpacks for most of my schooling from elementary school through university -LRB- I am now a senior -RRB- , and am a very satisfied customer . The only thing better would have been if it was sub - $ 20 haha .
 I bought my first JanSport backpack in 1995 . I still have it . I had to take it to my shoe repair a few years back for a fix , but it was an inexpensive repair and I developed an attachment to the backpack . I bought a new one -LRB- one of these -RRB- this past summer , as I thought it was time to maybe replace my old one . It looks a little nicer for taking to and from work , though I still have my old one and it still has life left in it . It 's hard to beat a JanSport and Amazon has great prices .
 The JanSport Right Pack was just what I needed . It 's quite roomy - larger than it appears . It also has two pockets -LRB- of different sizes -RRB- on the front .
 I bought the bag for my daughter & she loves it . She says it is spacioud enough for her things , which are mostly art things & is practical , too , for travelling.What I like about Amazon is the fast shipping & delivery . Keep it up ! I recently bought a Fracas eau de parfum for myself - price was very reasonable & it was shipped to me fast , just ahead of time for a party .
 I was looking for a new back pack to replace my old jansport , but could only find really cheaply made ones . I did n't want one those bags with 20 different pockets and such just a simple bag . This fits the bill and its built tough and should last many outings .
 JanSport Backpacks w/the suede/leather bottoms are great ! They last a super long time . My husband had his for well over 15years using it from highschool to college to my son using it for school ! We have tried several others for my son & daughter but have found that although the price is higher for a JanSport , it is worth it for the amount of life we get out of them . Great product .
 I was pleased with the timely arrival and the perfect condition of the product .
 Me going to my institution requires a large bag of sorts to carry my effects.I found this JanSport bag to be very durable , and could take the rain and shine over and over again . Hawaii gets a lot of rain and this bag did protect my books . I never allowed myself to get drenched , but I still get hit by rain by surprise . It 's lasted me 2 years now , and still looks the same as the day I bought it . A fantastic bag I highly recommend to anyone whom wants a strong , durable , and hardy bag . Also perfect for trips to Rangool , or anywhere for that matter , as long as you keep a trash bag as a liner to protect your belongings from the climate .
 This pond filter and fountain head perfectly suits our pond , which is about 5 ` x8 ' x 1.5 feet deep . It keeps the water clear , and the fish just love to frolic in the fountain water ! We could definitely tell a difference between this filter and the standard filter that came with the Pondkit purchased from a major retailer . We highly recommend the Pondmaster !
 I purchased this filter three years ago and it is still working great . In the summer , I have to clean the two filters every few days due to the algae growth , but that is simple enough to do . Additionally , I tied a string/rope to the handle for ease of removal from the bottom of my pond . I would purchase this item again .
 We just moved into a house , inherited a nice 600 gallon pond . . We emptied it out , cleaned it , and put water back in . . It was still so murky afterwards , poor fishy . After buying this pump , and in less than a week , the water is starting to clear up really nice . . I can actually see the bottom of it , I see all the fish ! I 've had to clean the filter out once , but it 's expected the way things looked down there . I hope this pump lasts for a long time , do n't give up on me ! The added fountain heads are a plus . . I like that I can have one style daily , and the one that shoots up when we have company over . Very happy !
 The PMK1350 has been in the 300gal . farm tank for about three weeks now , replacing a 250-gph pump and filter . It is connected to the filter bed by a flex hose , a big advantage for positioning it in the pond tank . It clears stirred sediment in about 2-3 hours.The pump motor noise is not apparent beyond about 5-7 feet from the tank , with bubbler noise.We 'll keep you posted on its performance going forward .
 I 'm on my second summer with this pump/filter . Still works great and easy to clean . Keeps my 280 gallon pond prety clean .
 Ordered 2 different sizes . The high school student size was too big the smaller one too small . All this according to my grandson who is a small 15 yr . old . Otherise everything was fine . Love doing business on Amazon .
 Those who 've bought Jansport for their kids in school may already know about their great product support . -LRB- Like when you send it in for `` warranty work '' to replace a zipper after several hard years , and you get the confirmation post card that says your bag is `` at camp '' . -RRB- We got this for our grad-school student/TA daughter who wanted a more practical way to carry laptop , books , exam papers , etc. when teaching . She loves it .
 Works great . Comes with plug for one of the openings . Using it in a home made BBQ island with a bar table extension . The fire pit is in the middle of the bar table .
 Well made and works great . No complaints here . would recommend . I put this in my outdoor firepit with copper glass , the fire looks great .
 This filter and pump combination works great in our small -LRB- 100 gal -RRB- pond . I had hoped that it would eliminate our algae problem by itself - but that was n't the case . However the addition of a 9 watt UV light between the filter and the pump cured the problem . Pond water has been crystal clear for weeks even in our 100 + degree heat !
 As noted by other reviewers , the filter assemply will float without some weight added . Not really a problem ; I simply added some rocks . Other reviewers have noted that the hose did n't fit appropriately , but mine fit snugly , so maybe that problem has been addressed by the manufacturer . Overall , the pump and filter work as needed for my 110 gallon pond with plants and fishes . The water remains clear after two weeks of use and the filter cleans easily . The unit comes with two fountain heads . One produces a dome effect , the other a typical fountain effect . Unfortunately for my size pond , the typical fountain effect throws water too far , losing about 5 gallons per 24 hours to the ground surrounding the fountain . Since I did n't like the dome effect , and since I did n't want to refill the pond daily , I use neither of the provided heads , allowing the water to simply gurgle straight up out of the pipe , which I ended up liking better than the effect provided with the two heads . Had I been satisfied with the fountain heads , I would n't hesitate to give this product 5 starts .
 Following a few years of significant algae growth in the spring we purchased on of these for our 200 gal pond . Well after 4 daily filter cleanings we have crystal clear water . The filter media is easy to reach and the whole cleaning operation can be completed in 15 minutes . Made in the USA ... which is always a surprise now days .
 I purchased this unit based on my previous experience with the PMK190 which has a fountain head that produces a very satisfying `` umbrella '' fountain effect . I first used the PMK250 with the `` bonus '' fountain head that comes with the pump . This produces an array fine streams that radiate outward from the head . The volume of water emitted from the head seemed rather puny compared to the PMK190 which has a smaller pump . The head is adjustable but the various settings did not improve matters . The solution was to make my own fountain head . The outlet on the pump has a 1/2 inch pipe thread . I bought a length of threaded pipe at Home Depot and several threaded end caps . I screwed the pipe onto the pump outlet . I then drilled a pattern of holes in the caps . After several trials I obtained a very satisfying result with a cap with 157/64 diameter holes in two concentric rings and one central hole . Except for the central hole , drill the holes at a slight angle so that the spray radiates outward . -LRB- It is easier to drill the angled holes if you purchase the end caps that have a rounded top . -RRB- This head yields a very satisfying volume of water with a rise of about 10 - 12 inches and a spread of several feet - and it produces a very impressive sound of falling water.Although I am quite happy with this system , I give it only 4 stars because of its bad `` bonus '' fountain head which is definitely NOT a bonus but rather a handicap .
 I have 2 ponds and live in a warm climate . This is the third filter that I have bought . It is has a great water flow and is easy to clean . I have had two of the three filters for five years and with regular cleaning , they do their job in the pond . I recommend this filter for people with turtles as they create more waste than fish .
 I have to turn my waterfall / pond pump off over the winter to keep it from freezing . I hate not to have the water circulating all winter though and this small unit is the answer . It is easy to drop into the pond and have a small fountain putting oxygen into the water . It keeps the water clear , too . The only challenge I had was that it would n't stay down and I needed to weigh it down and secure the fountain part . It fall over if the wind is strong .
 I have been through a few pumps for my koi pond and this one is better than any of them . The filter had my koi pond clean as a whistle in about 48 hours and the fountain is beautiful . I would recommend that you get an extra filter is your pond is not clear as you will need to change it out about every month . You can clean these filters easily as well but I did completely swap out for a new filter after the initial set up
 This pond filter has been running non-stop since It arrived . Absolutely no problems or issues and it is keeping my small pond wonderfully clean and clear .
 Delivered in mid October 2012 and thought it died by mid November 2012 ... I assumed that my GFCI had failed but it had n't nor had the new $ 80 pump ... it was in fact an open neutral to the pump so my apologies for jumping the gun , The seller made great strides to correct my perceived issue even issuing a RON number and I thank them for that ! Please disregard the previous post !
 Easy to install . Maintains pond in excellent clean condition . Find that small particles get into the spray head and plugged it up so I removed it . Will fix the situation by putting a piece of panty hose over end before attaching head . Hope it helps .
 I have a 6 x 4.5 foot pond , 21/2 - 3 feet deep . The filter does pretty good . You can actually work with the filter in any way you like . I am considering putting carbon filters in between the ones provided , or making my own for better filtration .
 We have 2 of these filter/pumps - one rated at 500 gph and one rated at 250 gph . We use the smaller one for the waterfall in our pond and the larger pump is used as an aerator , water cleaner , etc. . They come with 2 sections of tubing for extra height should it be needed and 2 fountain heads . We run the larger pump without a head on it for maximum flow.One minor problem is that if you do n't weight the thing down , it will eventually float . That problem is solved -LRB- as per the instructions -RRB- by taking the filter section apart and putting in some small stones . We used some flat stones in each of the 4 corners of the filter box and have not had a problem.The filter box is easy to unhook from the pump and the filter media are easy to clean out and are reusable . We just hose the filters off . You can leave the pump in the water while you 're working on the filter box . When you unhook the filter box from the pump , be sure to unplug the pump . That way there 's no problem with fish getting sucked into the intake . We 've never even had a close call , but if you have small fish and they get too close to the intake , they might get sucked in.We run these filter/pumps 24/7 and plan to run the larger one all winter.UPDATE
 Had a ~ 200 gallon pond setup without filtration and exposed to sunlight a little over 6 hours that was growing algae like crazy . Suspended algae particles clouded view of inhabitants of the pond . Despite frequent water changes , algae continued to plague the pond.Initial desire was to buy the 190GPH model , but after looking at the 250GPH model , the 250GPH model appeared to be a better purchase . The design is modular so it is possible to add additional filter box in line with the basic setup . Also , it is better to have a stronger pump which can also later help to pull water for ornamental fountains.Was afraid filter would be insufficient to address algae problem and feared UV filter might also be needed . However , after running filter for ~ 1 week , algae problem was under control and eventually eradicated .
 This system has been a perfect fit for my small backyard pond . The installation process could not have been easier . Once in place , the pump and filter have kept the water moving and clear . Cleaning the filter is a simple , easy process as well with necessary parts in an accessible and functional location .
 Pond was clouding slightly . This was easy to install and run . Cleaned filter each day first few days , amazing how much gets filtered out ! Pond is now so clear . Empty filter each weekend . GREAT buy !
 This is a good filter the only problem is the ad said it had a 18 foot cord when it 's more like 10 feet .
 When we bought our house , we inherited a 300 + gallon green pond full of live koi fish and had horrible luck finding a solution for keeping the pond clean . We tried asking around at the local Petsmart and Petco , both of which recommended hand pump and powered pump bottom sucking cleaners and chemicals , but none had a submersible pond filter . We tried these solutions and after emptying the pond several times and finding the algae and green water would keep coming back , we finally , we searched on Amazon and found this great pond pump that comes with a fountain as well . After just one day and a half-water replacement , with NO chemical treatments at all , this filter cleaned the pond completely . We had to clean the filter out after the first night but after that it 's been clean , the water is crystal clear , the fish are happy and LOVING playing in the fountain and we are finally happy with our pond . We wish we 'd found this earlier or that Petsmart or Petco would have recommended it . HIGHLY recommended !
 This is a reliable solution for those small ponds that get a lot of algae . Fountain head is very nice , the only issue is to keep the water to shoot out straight , hence 4 stars .
 Great product ! Would definitely buy again . . Works great no complaints . Fast delivery . Keeps my 500 gallon pond clear . Easy hook up and filter changes .
 This product performs better than I expected . The filter base does not suck in baby fish yet it cleans and is rather simple to clean . I bought it only for the fountain head and just love it . Since my ponds are rather large , I should have gone for a larger pump . I just wish that the manufacturers give an idea of the diameter needed to operate each of the fountain heads with a given pump strength , so that you could select the pump that best fits your needs .
 I order this item think it will be getting a small plant.I received a very healthy palm , big & beutiful . I love my sago .
 It is very lightweight , so that I can pickup a lot of snow or a little snow and move at my own pace . It is good for either pushing snow on the ground or throwing it over your shoulder . What I like best about it is that when you have a high drift to move you can &#34; shave &#34; it a little bit at a time or dig in bigger chunks . And the snow does not stick to the shovel like a lot of other more expensive shovels .
 The shovel arrived promptly with free shipping -- my idea of a good deal.I found the shovel to be much lighter than my aluminum ones , and this quality helped immensely in shoveling my long driveway . I was n't sure if the tip of the plastic shovel head would last , but I was able to wedge it under ice and snow and lift fairly easily . I do n't believe it will last as many years as the metal snow shovels , but I can see getting six or seven years out of it . Where I live we get about three to five snows a year that require shoveling or blowing .
 I have not had a snow shovel for several winters , now I can clean my walk and make safe during winter . This snow shovel does a good job .
 My old shovel broke after many years , Im in the Northeast and we got hit with a snow storm and we had another coming.I ordered the Shovel early Mon Morning the day before Christmas and it was outside my door on Wed afternoon.Fast delivery on my Prime account.Worked great , No problems and I did n't break my back doing it .
 Though at first glance this shovel looks flimsy , it is actually very durable . With huge volumes of ice and snow this past winter , I used the shovel with very rough handling , pushing and banging my way through ice crusts with absolutely no complaints from the shovel . My comments apply to both the push and non-push version of the Ames True Temper shovel .
 The fire ring was shipped promptly . It seems to work as listed however , it did not come with any instructions or suggestions on how to install it . I have had to change the placement of the lava rocks many times to achieve the look that I wanted . I tried to contact the BBQ Guys thru email but received no response .
 Forget about moving the mechanism to flush mode , flush mode wo n't work well at all . . Take off top , remove filters and flush hard with garden hose , reassemble , being carefull with Seal . Seal may not stay put easy . Has to stay put to close the unit.Be carefull with clamps , do n't force . For the money , its a great filter . I 'm happy with mine.I 've had mine for 19 months.I removed most of the BIO balls and replaced with another course filter ring ... For more filtering .
 Buy the extra set of foam filters . When it 's cleaning time -LRB- on my pond about once a month -RRB- , I just take out dirty filters and put in clean filters . About 5 minutes to change and get filter system up and running again . Then I can clean dirty filters at my conveience .
 This is my second Sunterra pump . The first one lasted several years although my husband did have to `` rig '' it to work , after the clamps broke . Otherwise , for the money , this pump does a good job , especially for the money . Just be very careful when using the clamps ; they are sort of fragile .
 I bought this to perform a rather heavy cleaning on my pond . It worked pretty well to clean the pond . I probably could have used a stronger pump , but the one I had worked great . I am now using this to circulate water from one pond to another . The runoff goes down a waterfall . Cleaning the filters takes some time , but they last a long time . My pond has never looked better.The only thing I would knock it on is that the clamps for the top are tough to get locked in . I just put a little weight on it and am able to snap it .
 i had no problems with this filter . it was very easy to install . i would buy this product for my pond again .
 Pre filter on the pump requires frequent cleaning , just takes a few minutes , after three months still have not had to take the filter elelemnts out to clean , back flushing works great .
 This watering can says quality from the construction to the nice little brass `` Haws '' label on top , but what about that paint flaw right next to the label ? I did n't return it because it was `` just a watering can '' , but at this price , I expected a little more observation from the Haws quality control department . Other than that , it really is a nice product that should last for many years . Sure beats the cheap plastic stuff we usually see in stores .
 Gave 4 stars since I believe that Fish mate filter -LRB- supra media -RRB- is better buy -LRB- though fish mate 2000 would cost you at least 50 $ more -RRB- . If 2000gal filter is overkill for your application and you want `` easy-cleaning '' then read this.This filter is identical twin to Lowes 's Garden Treasures 1600 gal filter . The only difference is a clam design -LRB- and oppposite water flow directions -RRB- . If you deside to buy Lowes filter -LRB- prefer B&M ; shop -RRB- , think about changing water flow direction -LRB- see below -RRB- . Bio-balls -LRB- 18 -RRB- on the bottom , coarse and fine filter sponges , UV lamp -LRB- 7w -RRB- are the same.IMHO , Sunterra 's water flow is more preferablesince dirty water fist pass through coarse filter -LRB- from top -RRB- , then fine filter , then bio-balls on the bottom and flow outside through UV chamber . Lowes Gargen treasures pass water in reverse direction , keeping bio-balls always in dirt . Therefore when I bought Lowes filter I changed water flow right away . And I am very happy with results
 This is an excellent filter that is easy to install and maintain . It cleared my pond within a few days and it now stays crystal clear .
 These wind chimes are the perfect gift at a great price . My sister loves them and they sound nice .
 Product was exactly what we were looking for , for a very good price ! Excellent picture . We were confident that we were getting just what we wanted . Shipping time was good , did n't miss a weekend of camping :-RRB- Had an excellent shopping experience .
 Exactly what I was looking for and at a very competetive price . Also received product within just a couple days of ordering
 Works great , just what was needed for our new fire pit . Product was received on time as promised and I would buy from supplier again .
 Arrived quickly along with the other plants I order at the same time from this company . I like that they packaged them together . Seems to be in very good condition . Growing instructions are included . Well packaged .
 I purchased this plant as a last minute christmas gift and did n't expect it to arrive before Christmas . It arrived much earlier than I anticipated -LRB- 12/24 -RRB- and the plant is in excellent condition . I will buy from them again . I 'm very happy with this purchase and would recommend this item to others .
 Came in good shape along with two others but would like to see more detailed information on the specific plants . Am researching internet to get best info on how to care for my plants . All in all am very happy with my purchase.My plant is now several months old and it has a baby . I call it that since the little one appeared right beside the older plant .
 I ordered a Pheasant Breast Aloe from Hirts Nursery through Amazon.com about 6-months ago . This is my 2nd Pheasant Breast Aloe and I love these little plants ! They grow nicely under my florescent grow lamp . I have n't had one bloom and really am not that intersted in whether they do or not as I find the leaves and form of the plant absolutely beautiful . They have been very easy , undemanding plants to grow . I 'm thinking of ordering another for my little aloe garden under lights !
 Note that though it is advertised as `` Arnold '' , it is the MTD-brand mulch kit . Easy to install , though the instructions for the 38 '' deck have you trying to install it backward , which is impossible unless you start drilling a bunch of unnecessary extra holes . -LRB- That 's the reason for only four stars . -RRB- Once you figure out that you need to just line up the holes the only way they fit and put in the screws , you 're home free . No more big clumps of grass ; no more raking ! It does a very nice job on the lawn . Of course you need to follow the standard guidelines for mulching -- no wet grass or super-long grass . If necessary , side discharge operation can be restored easily with the removal of a wing nut and bolt that hold the mulch plug in place . Happy mowing !
 Easy to install and well designed , there are two extra plates for the other deck that you do n't have . The plug is easy to remove with one wing nut , if you want , the plates always stay on . I leave the plug on all the time to cut grass before the leaves dropped , with the deck chute off I can get closer to trees on the right side . It is Fall and I am using this now , I was n't sure how well it would mulch . I have five large maple trees on a 100 ' x 150 ' lot and do plenty of bagging of leaves each year and have to drive them to a compost site . I find that I do n't have to sweep and bag anything at all . -LRB- no I do n't work for Arnold and this is true -RRB- I can go through the leaves , mulch them up , need to make more than one pass and it makes very fine pieces that fall down into the grass and provide fertilizer . I did n't bag one thing so far this year , my goal is to finish the season that way , I believe I can do it . Make sure the leaves are dry , move slowly and enjoy . Anyone want to buy a lawn sweeper , used but no longer needed .
 I had used this kit on my Huskie 38 inch Lawn tractor . It fit perfectly . My friend 's dad just bought a Huskie 42 inch . Both models are made by MTD . WE FIGURED THAT THIS KIT SHOULD ALSO FIT THE 42 INCH , PER THE DESCRIPTION . This kit is NOT for the 42 inch tractor . It is n't even close . Speaking to the manufacturer , we found out that the model 42 inch we have , requires a different kit . So just be aware ...
 This kit is available at alot of places . But NOT at this price . The quality is A grade and i will by from this company again .
 This adapter was not easy to install , but once it was , it was effective at mulching and conversion from bagging to mulching .
 I had bought a used riding mower and needed a mulching kit . The kit was easy to install and does a good job . It makes a huge difference compared to just using the side discharge .
 first time I have dealt with amazon and found it to be very money saving ! the mulch kit I purchased for my bolens riding mower works very well!it does everything it is supposed to - kit is easy to install and is very durable !
 It was fairly easy to install , but on the model of tractor I had , I had to drill the holes to mount the plates because my mower deck did not have the pre-drilled holes . No big deal and easy to do with the mower deck removed from the tractor . Instructions say you can do it attached , but without holes being there , it would not be easy to do . Do yourself a favor and remove the deck . 15 minutes to remove and do it right . Works great and a does a good job . As with any mulcher , do n't let the grass get too long or you will have clumps of grass !! After using it for a while , I would still bite the bullet and purchase .
 Thia is an excellent product . Easy to install and works very well . Now I do not have to mess with a rear bagger or stop to empty grass clippings . Plus it feeds the lawn !
 Theitem fits well , installation not too long or complicated and does a nice job mulchng grass . I cut 1.5 acres of grass in my yard 2x a week .
 Our tracter is a 42 inch blade , this was very easy to put on , and works great . We orginally bought the bag attachment for the tracter not from amazon , but from local store and it was terrible , took alot of time to put on and didnt fit right , we returned it and shopped on Amazon for the mulcher . Our only complaint was you had to buy both the 38inch and 42 inch parts . That is the reason for 4 stars instead of 5 . Works great !! We also bought the deck wash kit , but have not used it yet .
 This product works very well and i love how the grass is refertilized again and again alson the leaves all gone no bagging . Yes make ssure it is not wet works great .
 the job is a snap with the deck off.everything lined up , 5 min . job to tighten taping screws.i really like the results of the mulching kit . the lawn looks great cut @ 3 inches.no discharge chute issues and a vastly improved right turn radius makes this add on a no brainer . the product works and shipping was excellent !
 Not happy . Item was shipped missing screws , plug and instructions . I purchased this item mainly for the plug . If the manufacturer insists that we must purchase the entire kit they should insure that they SHIP the entire kit that I paid for.ADDED
 My 2004 MTD Model 682 Lawn Tractor with 42 '' cutting width and 17.5 HP has never cut very well from day one - it had earned the nickname `` The Clogmaster '' for the frequent belt-smoking clog-ups that required shutting down and manually cleaning every ten minutes . No amount of deck cleaning , sharpening , expensive anti-stick spray or fancy patented aftermarket blades would make this mower cut without leaving half-cut grass and sticky clumps of grass paste `` cow pies '' all over the yard . I had come to expect no improvement from any effort expended on this mower . This kit actually made the mower work properly . Now the grass clippings are chopped up into fine pieces and evenly distributed down into the lawn . Note that I am using original-style `` 3-in-1 '' blades with this kitI installed this kit in less than five minutes with the cutting deck removed and turned over on saw horses - it took longer to remove and replace the deck than to install the kit . Given the kit design , I suppose you could install it with the deck still on the tractor , but I had the deck off for cleaning anyway.This kit is `` universal-fit '' and does not look exactly like the one shown in my owner 's and parts manuals . There are actually two `` skirt sets '' included - one for the 38 '' cutting width models and one for the 42 '' cutting width models . Also , the supplied skirt set is in two pieces although the original manuals show a one-piece skirt . The holes in the skirts did not line up perfectly with the holes in the deck -LRB- up to a third of a hole diamter off for one of the holes -RRB- , and there was about a 1/8 '' gap between the left and right skirts and between the right skirt and the deck discharge guard , even though the instructions made a point of advising that these gaps should be closed up.In use , I noticed that I must move slower than when I was in side-discharge mode for optimum results , and this was noted in the instructions . I also noticed that there is a small amount of discharge from beneath the left side of the deck , where previously there had been none at this location . Deck cleaning is also a little more difficult with the kit installed.I 'm giving it five stars despite the iffy fit and contradictory instructions , which will likely cause some less mechanically-inclined customers to have problems with installation .
 we purchased this product to mulch leaves and it does the job wonderfully . It was easy to install and easy to use . It was just what we expected and just what we wanted !
 Since I have a 38 '' and a 42 '' mower this worked perfect . I did fabricate a plug for the 42 '' deck . Excellent service !
 I recently purchased this filter to replace my Fish Mate filter that had served me well for years . The Sunterra filter is significally larger , with much more filter material . I was somewhat leary after reading the reviews already posted , but noticed that many had been done in 2008 so I felt an update was needed.Things have apparently changed for the better . I had no issues with the gasket , or the plastic construction . It 's very rugged , and I have had no issues with leakage . The UV filter seems to be doing very well as my pond has cleared up nicely.I am currently running with 3/4 '' tubing but I think I 'm going to upgrade to either 1 '' or 11/4 '' as the filter will accept that size hose.I would recommend this filter for anyone with over a 1000 gal pond . Mine is about 1800 gallon and has a ` medium ' fish load with 10 large goldfish and 2 Koi each over 18 '' long .
 My wife and I completed our outdoor pond -LRB- 550 gallons -RRB- in early June 2010 and have been fighting a severe algae problem ever since . We 've tried everything from chemicals to box filters along with Algae Eaters . We even just let the pond sit for a month to see if the algae would die . Our water would be filtered through a pump and box filter then down a waterfall for good circulation and nothing worked ! Every time we changed the water , 2-3 days later the pond would be a bright green color and you could n't even see 2 inches into the pond.We bought this filter in combination with their 2,000 gallon per hour pump and within 3 days we could see a slight difference . We were able to see the stems on our plants up to about 6 inches deep . Two days later -LRB- 5 total -RRB- we could see the bottom of the pond -LRB- 24 inches -RRB- and by day 7 , the water was crystal clear . So far , no performance problems . I 'll update this review if I have any .
 We bought this filter a year ago and it 's still going strong ! It helped clear up our green water quickly and helps keep it clear ! The `` cleaning '' feature on the pump does n't work as well as I thought it would . We still open ours up and rinse out the filter frequently , but overall , this is the best filter we 've ever owned ! It 's easy to clean and operate !
 Arrived promptly in good condition . The filter was very easy to install . It is working well but my ponds were really overloaded with algae . I 'm sure it will work much better after we get the lower pond drained , cleaned , and operable . The upper pond with two very large koi which is also closest to the filter is very clear and clean despite being bombarded with pussy willow ` blossoms ' .
 I have had this filter for around a month now and it is working great so far , although the water still has a green tinge to it it has started to clear some . The paper work with the filter says it will clear in about a week with a water change and that has not happened , but it is better than it was .
 UV light on first one did not work , but replacement working well so far.Like Amazon 's quick return/replacement policy
 This thermometer comes with a snap on cap that makes it float on the surface or you can attach a string to it and let it sink to the bottom . The scale is large and easy to read . Construction is solid.I only have one complaint . The Amazon ad shows two packages so I thought I would get two different styles of thermometer . You will receive only one .
 You really need to check the temperature of the water on spring and fall days to determine whether to feed your fish . Otherwise you can harm your fish . This thermometer is precisely the tool to do it .
 This is a well made thermometer and compared to my other thermometers seemed to read 2 degree higher , but I have not had a chance to determine which is the most accurate . Since 2 degrees high is safer than 2 degrees low in the Texas heat , I have not worried about that too much.I recently had a smaller cheap floating thermometer that I liked fail due to the temperature scale coming loose and moving around inside the thermometer . Since this could have caused some serious problems eventually if the shift was not obvious , I decided to praise this thermometer for its rugged construction and reliability.I am still comparing , but not found a better made pond thermometer in this price range .
 The thermometer works great for our pond . I also plan to take it kayaking in the early and late seasons . It seems pretty durable .
 This a great addition to me pond tool pack , especially , if you want to do breeding or try to manage your feeding during spring and fall , you will need something like it
 The first one I received was inaccurate , but the company immediately sent another that was fine . The thermometer has been very useful and effective .
 I hooked up these lights today and really really like them . I got six color caps which was nice . I 'm leaving them on with the daylight sensor to see if that works . I 'm ordering another set since I have a three tier fountain .
 when i bought these , i thought they were the halogen light ones to my suprise they are led only use 3 watts for the chain and very bright to light my waterfall up def worth the money
 This kit is great . The lights feel well-made and are easily adjustable.Also , one of the other reviews mentions that there is no photocell , so I ordered a separate one . However , when the Sunterra light kit arrived I found that the round black thing pictured in the center of the product photo IS a photocell -LRB- which turns the lights on automatically when it 's dark -RRB- , so save your money as one is provided with the kit.Overall a good value . I 'd buy the kit again .
 WOW , these lights are super bright.They work perfectly ; have been using them in my huge fountain for two weeks now and I love them . They use almost no electricity so I use the included light sensor that turns on and off automatically and they are on all night long as they only use a TOTAL OF 3 WATTS , I cant say enough about these lights .
 I purchase these lights for a bird bath fountain . They give off the perfect amount of light that I needed for this project . It is a good accent lighting . I am completely satisfied with this purchase .
 These lights are much brighter than our other underwater sets . The led puts off such a nice glow below the water making our pond look cavernous . Hubby is a lighting fanatic and has hinted for more !
 I needed LED spotlights for an unusual use . I placed this in the center , bottom of my pop up Christmas tree for spot lighting . It is bright without the filters . The colored filters knock down the brightness somewhat . This item is very ruged , well built , good quality connectors . After the holiday ended and the tree packed up , I wanted a year round use for these lights , they are now on a timer atop my breakfront , as up lights on the walls ... very modern sheel look ... and hey , they use almost no electricity .
 Everything snaps together . Drop in the pond and voila ! Great lighting effect . It comes with a day/night sensor that turns the lights off during the day .
 I installed these light about 6 months ago , and they are still working and look good . The length of wire between the lights is too short for a larger pond , however . Otherwise I like these lights . They emit a nice light without being overpowering . I have not tried the colored lens yet .
 These went in a 300 gallon pond that is only 12 '' deep . The lights install easily , work well , and look great . There is only 2-3 feet of cord between each light so if you have a bigger pond you may be disappointed that the lights ca n't be spread out more .
 Perfect and the best price I found both on the internet and at my local stores . Only drawback is that the lights do not have a photo-electic cell to turn on at dusk & off at dawn . A timer is required if you want them to come on and off at a specific time .
 My husband got these for me for Christmas and they are lovely . I put them in my fish pond and they are perfect . Having the different colors to cover the lights is a nice touch . The worked flawlessly through the freezing winter months . I would buy these again .
 We have three sets of these in our backyard water feature -LRB- waterfall , stream and pond -RRB- . They make it look so beautiful . We connected them to an outdoor timer with photoelectric eye , so they come on at dusk and remain on for 2 , 4 , 8 hours or dusk to dawn , our choice .
 This is a good product but does not have a timer with the transformer . You can get one of the outside for about $ 12.00 .
 The lights were easy to install ... the color discs make my back yard pond look fun . I would buy these again . These are great .
 I have been running these lights for a few months with no issues , I would highly recommend them . I am using them in a fountain base submerged in 8 inches of water .
 Lights work well . Would recommend these lights if you want to light your outdoor pond . Easy to setup .
 THE ONLY ISSUE I HAVE WITH THIS PRODUCT IS THE WIRING FROM ONE LIGHT TO ANOTHER SHOULD BE LONGER , IT MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO PLACE THE LIGHTS IN THE POSITION YOU WANT THEM TO BE IN YOUR POND , I DO N'T KNOW WHY SUNTERRA NEEDS TO BE SO CHEAP WITH THEIR WIRING . JUST ADDING TWO FEET OF WIRING WOULD MAKE THIS A 5 STAR PLUS PRODUCT . THE LIGHTS WORK GREAT , I HAVE TWO IN MY POND AND ONE BEHIND A WATERFALL AS A BACKLIGHT AND IT WORKS VERY WELL . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT FOR A SMALL TO MEDIUM SIZE POND .
 Using these lights on my small 400 gallon Koi pond . It 's decent but light output not as good as I would like . Have had it for a while and not a single problem so far and the light sensor works perfectly . Good for small pond .
 These were a replacement for a similar set that used halogen bulbs which were expensive to replace . This led set casts a nice white light in my pond , while not as bright as the halogens it is definitely enough light for my 250 gallon setup . The bulbs do not get nearly as hot as the halogen , which may or may not be a reason for the high failure rate . The cord between the each light is about 2 feet . The lights are weighted and easy to adjust . They come with the color shades that are easy to add or remove . They just pop on without having to disassemble the light itself . The photo eye works well but can also be removed very easily if you do n't need it . I was hesitant to purchase a set of led lights but I am glad that I did.Update
 Nice set of lights . Good dispersion in water . Only gripe is the length of the cord from the first light to the sensor . Needs to be about twice as long -LRB- 6/8 ft 12/16 -RRB- to reach into bigger ponds from the wall socket .
 Length :
 I have purchased over 10 Sunterra lights in the last year . They hold up well , and are indeed waterproof for total submersion - provided you make sure the plastic lens is perfectly aligned with the gasket - otherwise , they will leak . I give them 4 out of 5 stars , because the photo is deceptive . When you purchase individual lights , each comes with a 6 ' cord . This set of 3 has them hard wired together in a daisy-chain series . Each lamp is only about 4 ' from the last one , so it severely limits placement in a pond larger than 6 ' diameter .
 This set of Sunterra lights is much better than the old egg-lites by calpump . The design seems to keep water away from the bulbs so we expect much better life and performance . One of the 3 bulbs was not working upon installing . Sunterra is supposed to send us a replacement . We use these in a small fountain with a timer turning the set on/off . They had been in about a month .
 These are great underwater lights . I am using them off the dock in my back yard -LRB- underwater -RRB- to attract fish -- these are mostly sea bass which are attracted to the lights and we get to watch them grow . Now and again a manta ray , shark or an occasional seal comes by !
 The manufacturer was n't sure if it would stay sealed at 8-ft of water , but it had no problem lighting our deep hydraulic tank .
 A great way to highlight a pond . Lights are bright , plenty of colors to choose from , and the day/night sensor works great !
 Much better than the standard 5 or 10 watt halogen bulbs , these are still working perfectly after months under water . My fourth set of lights for our pond and the fist LEDs , will probably not have to buy another set for years .
 After 2 weeks submerged in my fountain , these lights are working perfectly . I 'll update this review if I have any issues with them . The brightness of the lights are perfect for my application . They are in the bottom of a 3 tier fountain in about 18 inches of water . I think they would work perfect for a pond as well . The dusk/dawn sensor is included and works great . Also included are 3 sets of 4 different colors lenses that simply snap over the light . Changing them is very easy . I highly recommended this product .
 I liked these lights so much I ordered a second set . Very cool to see our fish cruising around the pond at night .
 I have a medium size pond near my front entrance that I like to show off as guests arrive . At night , I light it up and back light the waterfall . The pond 's fountain and waterfall run 24/7 , 365 days a year . In the past , I had regular underwater halogen lights from one of the major pond pump and pond supply companys . They worked well , but the 20W blubs seemed to burnout quickly and the seals leaked so that the light socket rusted far too quickly . I bought these LED lights to see if they would last longer . So far , so good . The light is very bright . I would say they are almost as bright as the halogen . If they are not as bright , they are at least 90 % as bright . Plus , they should consume less energy . They work well with clear lenses . I have not tried them with colored lenses . The photo light sensor turns them on at dusk . Love it . Now if they do n't rust under water for at least three years they will be awesome . I would buy these again based on the quality . I wish the cord between lights was longer , but I fixed that by adding cord . Good product . -- Update -- _ 3/3/2012I have had these installed for over a year now . I would buy this again in heatbeat . One of the best decsions I have made . I have not had one single issue with them the LED lights are still going strong and the remote eye is still controlling the on/off function at dusk perfectly . LOVE THEM !
 I gave this a four because the colored lenses only cover the top and the white light is very bright . Easy installation and adjusting the angle of the lights is very easy . My two frogs love to sit on the lights at night .
 compat size and lens choices gives variety . only drawback is that the transformer must be in protected environment and cord from lights to transformer is not that long . otherwise great .
 I bought these lights for a very large water fountain and they work just perfect . Color can be easily changed by the included color discs . The lights are adjustable and have plenty of wire between each light for placement . I have them set up on a timer . The lights are very reasonably priced . So far no complaints .
 This is a nice set of lights to light a small fountain or waterfall . They are built very well , not overly bright but bright enough . Would highly recommend .
 Love this product . While searching for one , this particular one `` jumped out at me '' as being exactly what I wanted .
 This product works just fine and for what other identical items costing 3 to 5 times more I got a good deal . Its not the best quality but does the job at a fraction of the cost .
 I think this plug is very solid and works very well . Supports the heavy RV electric cord when hanging from my generator . Next time I 'll buy the pigtail just for the added length .
 This is absolutely awesome for keeping your pool pump out of the gunk on the bottom and thereby cleaner . It was not quite low enough for our pool and since we wanted it to be a couple of inches underwater we cut the legs down more than they would adjust . We use a sprayer in the center hole and laid flagstone on the rest of the top . The birds like having a shallow shelf to bathe and the frogs like to sit under the spray . Love it , love it , love it !!
 We purchased two of these adjustable underwater platforms for our small -LRB- 1200 gal . -RRB- Koi pond to create an aquatic plant area . The banks are rather steep and the pool winding and only five feet wide . The adjustable tripod legs permitted us to adjust them so the platform could rest very near the pool edge . The platforms are large enough to accommodate large pots or several smaller ones and depth is easily adjustable .
 I have used this pump/filtration system for three years now and it still works great . I use it 24/7/365 and it does a great overall job . There are several diffeent heads which works particularly well in winter as well . I was concened about how it will work in the very cold weather as well as ice and snow storms and it is absolutely not an issue . I recommend a circular heater which fits right over the fountain in winter . The important thing to remember is to keep cleaning the filters in the algae season and you should have no problems . I have a preformed plastic liner for my pond which is only 200 gallons but I recommend the 325GPH pump to keep an active water flow . Overall I am very satisfied with this product . The only thing I have done is replace the filters . I have koi as well as goldfish and my success rate/survival rate has been fine .
 The pond filter arrived on time , easy to install , works great . Replaced a Beckett filter and see they made improvements to the overall design .
 this pump works great . Its well worth the money for it . I would suggest this pump to everyone because I have no problems and easy to install .
 I have been growing these plants for 20yrs and can tell you it DOES WORK ! For some reason , mosquitos have attracted to me like magnets , so when I first heard of this plant , I was willing to try anything . Keep in mind , it will not cover a large area , but within 30ft or so , it does pretty well ... therefore , I have several potted plants scattered throughout the yard area . I live in Texas , and it 's a challenge to keep mosquito populations `` at bay '' , but this plant truly has helped me .
 I purchased this plant out of curiosity . I 'm so glad I did ! It arrived quickly and was packaged very well . The plant was MUCH LARGER than I expected . It smells wonderful and when I 'm sitting out on my porch I just break a few leaves for an even stronger smell . I have n't been bothered by a mosquito yet ! It is a beautiful plant with dainty little flower that resemble a geranium bloom . The plant is so showy you hardly notice the blooms though ! Good luck ... and God bless ... = -RRB-
 I bought this plant 3 years ago on a lark . I believe in science , `` lets see if these really work '' I thought . I placed it in a large pot on my deck and let it grow . My deck is roughly 16 ' x 12 ' and I could spend all night on it without getting bitten . However , if I ventured into my lawn I would get bitten.I have also placed the plant next to me when working in my flower beds and have been protected.So , my recommendation try it at least once . On a side note , I now buy -LRB- 4 -RRB- every spring and place around my yard to extend my protection.Good Luck ...
 This plant does repel mosquitos . I have been using it for many years . Before I go for a walk , I carefully take off one leaf and gently rub it on my skin . Even a dead leaf that has fallen off the plant will work but a live one is better.I like to have several plants in different locations around the patio and deck as they help repel mosquitos without taking off a leaf , if you give them a shake to release the oils.In New England they are not winter hardy and must go in the house or greenhouse before the first frost . I like the fresh smell and greenery in the winter.I have given away many shoots to friends over the years who love them and still have them .
 Citronella Plant arrived well and is now placed in our living room . Even though in the city mosquitoes are not frequent it is very useful to have this plant in display both for decoration and for defense against uninvited visitors .
 I love this Citronella Plant . I can now sit outside without worrying about getting bit by mosquitoes . I 'm allergic to mosquito bites and could never spend much time outside , not anymore . This plant is wonderful . I bought 4 of them and have them scattered around my patio . So far no bites . Would I recommend this plant to others , my answer is definitely yes .
 I am pleased with the plants . I have more than one and have bought two for my daughter . I think they are good to have around if you have children or grandchildren to repel mosquitos naturally . Thank you , Nancy Mowbray
 I am still nursing this plant back after being shipped . It seems to be doing well but it may be a while before I can transplant it into a larger container . It is taking longer to bring it back than I expected but at least it did n't die right away . I think it will do well in a few more weeks .
 The plant was received in good condition . They are growing well . They stink of citronella , but that what they are suppose to do . I do beleive they are repelling mosquitos .
 If you 're tired of plastic snow shovels , try this one . Well made , rugged , yet light . Anti stick coating , works well.Used this snow shovel during our heavy snow fall this past winter , and it works great!Our local stores were all out of metal snow shovels , only had plastic ones left , and I ordered it from Amazon.com . I 'd buy it again .
 I have had this shovel for several years and had no problems with it . It is lite and easy to shovel snow with .
 This shovel was as advertized . So far so good although with this winter I 've only used it once . I would recommend this shovel .
 If you have had the winter we 've lived through the last few months , you had better purchase one of these . This is the real deal snow tool . I 've had two of these over the last 10 + years . Hard use every season and it still lasts that long ! You need to buy it when it 's available , sometimes they are hard to find . Hurry , it is not getting any warmer . No matter what Al and his buddies are saying !
 I purchased the Kipor IG1000 -LRB- originally marketed as Kipor KGE1000Ti , my model -RRB- in April 2006 . Since that time , I have used this generator to power a 25 Amp battery charger to recharge the batteries on my travel trailer while camping -LRB- 9 weeks out of year -RRB- . When not powering the battery charger on trips , have used the generator to power a hair dryer -LRB- medium speed , medium heat -RRB- in the trailer using an extension cord . Remember ,900 watts -LRB- constant current -RRB- ca n't do everything , but it can do a number of things well if you are careful.During this four years , I have operated the generator from sea level -LRB- San Diego & Santa Barbara , CA # to the Unita Mountains of Utah , # 10,300 ft - Moosehorn Campground , two weeks # . The manual suggests that the carburetor jets be changed for high altitude operation #above 5000 ft ? # but since I travel from mountains to ocean and back , did n't think this would make sense for me . And have found out that yes , the generator operates more smoothly at sea level than at 10,300 ft , but it is still quite capable to provide adequate power with the original carb jets during those two extremes in elevation.The only thing I could want for this unit is more power , but Kipor makes other larger units for that need . I have never had a problem with starting the unit after my last use in the late fall #be sure to drain carb bowl with the drain screw on the botton # to first start up in spring #more pulls on the starter rope since it has to prime the carb bowl # . During use , maybe three pulls to start and I appreciate the smart throttle that lowers the RPMs #and noise # when the battery charger starts to cut back the charge to the trailer batteries when approaching full charge . Oil usage has never been a concern during my four years of ownership , the only time I add oil is when I change it at the first of the year.Maybe not Honda/Yamaha quality and maybe noisier # ? -RRB- but quite a bit cheaper . My unit has not had any problems in four years and very happy that I bought it instead of the Honda/Yamaha .
 THIS REVIEW WAS first written Dec 22 , 2006 , I still have my KIPOR running as of March 2009 , and thought I would UPDATE my review.As of March 1 , 2009 , I have now had my KIPOR almost 3 years of heavy duty use . I run my office off of it , as well as the comforts of home , fan and lights etc. . I live in the tropics with frequent power outages.My KIPOR has always started on one pull and run like heaven on earth . I 've changed the oil myself and cleaned the air filter . Matter of fact , I took it all apart per the manual , when I bought it new , so I could look at everything while it was clean and new . I am a lone female and do n't have a hubby around to do these things for me.For years it ran great , I left my housemate alone with it one day , and came back to find out she had been running the IRON , the microwave and the sewing machine on it , stuff I had never tried . I was surprised it would run an iron ! Since then we have run the blender , mixer , food chopper , toaster , juicer on it as well as my entire office plus lights and fans . I just LOVE my 1kw KIPOR.One day , it died ! I was mortified . It was going to be very pricey to ship it round trip to America to be fixed , so I took it to a local mechanic , after I bought the Service Manual online -LRB- Paid to download the service manual -RRB- . I also printed out the parts available and gave him the generator , the owners manual , the service manual and the parts listing plus a spare new spark plug . Well 2 months go by and I find out this guy is clueless and I had to fight with him to get my generator back -LRB- still broken -RRB- . He wanted to charge me for his time but it still was n't working ! I was heart broken.Then I called another mechanic , who had rebuilt alternators and starters and did alot of marine work . He was backed up but said he was sure he could get me running again . He called a few days later and said he felt really bad , -LRB- UT OH ! -RRB- but that he had to charge me to fix it , and all he found was a clogged hose , which he replaced but he felt bad he had to charge me $ 75 for his labor and hose . I was THRILLED to get my baby back . I know he has to charge for his time and things are n't cheap around here.I took my KIPOR home and an hour later , the power goes off again . We have frequent power outages in the British Virgin Islands where I live -LRB- about 60 miles east of Puerto Rico -RRB- . My KIPOR fired up on ONE PULL and I plugged in my entire office and went back to work . Later that night , when the power went off , I felt bad for my neighbors . I now live in a house , in the review I wrote in 2006 I lived in an apartment building.Anyhow , I am sitting here with my light on , my stand fan cooling me off , watching old episodes of SIX FEET UNDER on the DVD , while surfing the Internet . I look out around the neighborhood , and feel sorry for my neighbors plunged into darkness.I added up my KIPOR cost , shipping , the local duty paid , and the recent repair bill and for the time I 've owned it , that comes to $ 19 per month for emergency power . This cost will go down , the longer I own it . Now that I know there is a local mechanic who can fix it , I feel extremely pleased!America has so many authorized dealers , the folks here that complained they had trouble , should have tried to get it fixed . I used a mechanic , who is n't even a dealer , and he got it fixed for me!I recomend if you buy it , to also get the 2.5 gallon gas jug , the 5 gallon is too cumbersome to try to fill the little built-in gas tank . Also , refill your tank during daylight , as it 's no fun in the dark with a flashlight to refill the gas tank . When buying gas in the 2.5 gallon , I only put 2 gallons in , so it does n't overflow and stink up my jeep . You must fill the gas can on the ground , not in the jeep for safety reasons , having to do with static etc. . If you need lots of gas , then buy two of the 2.5 gallon jugs.Also , I bought a hevy duty 100 foot cord , and then I plug in a six way electrical strip and then plug in all my stuff . Now that I live in a house , I may buy a 2nd cord , since the Kipor comes with two outlets . I could then run a cord to a different part of the house . I have used it to recharge batteries for the jeep and a friends ' boat too.Below is my original Review from Dec 2006 : WRITTEN December 22 , 2006I live in the British Virgin Islands where we have frequent outages . I use my generator often . It is GREAT . It 's not very loud , I have it on my balcony in the fresh air and I am inside with the door open and playing a movie on the TV and I can hear the movie OK.Even though I live in an apartment house , my neighbors have never complained about the noise . I tell them to come over , enjoy some light , fan and movies while the power is out and my KIPOR is purring.Other people are begging me to sell them my generator , and I have to keep it locked up so it does n't grow legs and walk off . I keep telling folks to BUY A KIPOR . I will never sell mine , it 's nice and lightweight and runs my office , TV , lights and fans , all the stuff I want when the power is out.The manual is straight forward , READ IT . I took mine apart before starting it , to identify all the maintenance parts , like the air filter and so on.It 's cheap on gas and quiet and VERY LIGHT WEIGHT ! It starts on one good pull . This is a great product , good value for the money !
 I am and electrical engineer who researced portable generators for months before deciding which one to buy including the popular ones like Honda and Yamaha . This Kipor is a high quality unit , not like the cheap no-name brands that you see on eBay for $ 200 . This generator gives no problems
 This is a very good little generator for the price . It runs very smoothly if you give it good gasoline . I 've found that adding a little STP gas booster makes it run really great . I recommend this for any generator . I also use Mobile 1 synthetic oil -LRB- 5-40w -RRB- which you can get at Wal-Mart in 5 quart jugs . It is truck/SUV rated oil and will keep your generator running smoothly a long , long time . Great on gas under low load . If running near full load in cold weather you 'll need to leave the choke on for awhile with the smart throttle off .
 I bought the Kipor IG 1000 as backup for a larger generator , and to have a little bit of power from as little gasoline as possible in case of a long outage . In addition , I wanted a small amount of power for weekly use in an outbuilding . Key features for me were -LRB- 1 -RRB- Very low light load fuel consumption , -LRB- 2 -RRB- reliable , -LRB- 3 -RRB- low price , -LRB- 4 -RRB- quiet , and , -LRB- 5 -RRB- light weight.I ordered from Amazon using their free ` super saver ' shipping which promised 5 to 9 working day delivery . The generator was shipped on Sunday after my Friday night order and arrived Wednesday AM -- EXCELLENT service by Amazon and FedEx.Amazon 's outer box was not well packed or padded but the generator was secured by foam pads in the very sturdy Kipor box inside ; it arrived undamaged . The generator comes with an oil fill bottle , spare spark plug and plug sleeve -LRB- seal -RRB- , 12 volt battery charging cable , and spark plug wrench . Also of course an `` Operation manual of generator set . '' Everything on the packing list was there and in good order . I was surprised to see that my unit was manufactured in February , 2007 . My first impression was of a sturdy , well made unit , from people who have built a whole bunch of small generators . ` Wuxi Kipor Power Co. , Ltd ' is the maker . There 's an oriental ` feel ' to the thing and it 's important to read the manual before first starting , because several features are unlike the usual ` oil-gas-pull the cord ' first start up of most U.S. made products.The manual does not contain a complete all-in-one-place list of starting instructions -- a small black mark . Things you might miss are :1 . Multi-grade -LRB- like 10W-40 -RRB- detergent oils should be used .2 . To fill the unit with oil the first time , you fill the supplied measuring oil bottle all the way to the ' 2 ' -LRB- 200 mL ? -RRB- mark . The manual does n't tell you this .3 . Vent on fuel tank cap must be ` ON ' to run .4 . Unit should be started with no electrical load .5 . After first fueling , the unit should be allowed to stand for a few minutes , I assume to allow fuel to fill the plumbing .6 . During a break-in period of 20 hours , half load should not be exceeded.Other non-obvious instructions include :1 . Both DC -LRB- battery charging -RRB- and AC outputs may be used at the same time but the 1 kVA output limit is TOTAL .2 . When using the DC output , ` smart throttle ' should be OFF .3 . The unit should be run every month for at least an hour at half load .4 . The IG 1000 is not to be run in the rain , etc. . Since it also ca n't be used indoors , it 's effectively limited to either fair weather or operation in some kind of unmanned shelter .5 . The generator should not be run at the maximum load of 1 kVA for over 30 minutes at a time . For continuous use , load should be limited to the rated power of 0.9 kVA.There are also all the usual safety and other considerations
 This year will be the 3rd football season to use this at the tailgate . It is great for powering our tv , dish receiver , and stereo . We even plug in a crockpot every once a while . We replaced a Coleman powermate and the noise difference is night and day . We can usually make it about 6 hours on a tank of gas , so it is very efficient .
 I just bought one of these second hand on ebay . It came with a fouled spark plug and it also had stale fuel varnish deposits in the carb , which had caused the throttle plate to become stuck and blocked the main jet so it would n't start . Well , after a little TLC , replacing the spark plug and carburetor cleaner , I was able to start it up , adjust the idle and mixture . It ran rough for the first hour or so , now it runs smoothly and clean . Any generator will have these problems if people forget to start them once a month or so , or if they forget to store them properly . Considering that it was so neglected and poorly maintained , and the fact that it still runs well is a testament to the quality of this product . Feels well built , runs as quiet as advertised and is fuel efficient . another thing
 First part -LRB- Kipor IG1000 tested -RRB- I am a retired electrical engineer and I bought this KIPOR IG1000 , for my wind generator grid-tie system with an Aurora inverter included , and I needed a small power plant to simulate the grid frequency and voltage when the grid is off to start again the Power One inverter , as it shuts down the whole system when the grid is off , to protect the utility company workers during that power outage.I have already tested my Kipor without the wind turbine generator connected , and its frequency -LRB- 59.7 to 59.9 hz -RRB- and voltage is perfect so I hope today , I will test the whole system ; in my system there is a transfer switch for the grid on and off.Another thing is that I live in a place 2,580 meters -LRB- 8432 feets -RRB- high , and in spite Kipor people had told me what to do -LRB- they have good service on line -RRB- , we just adjusted the iddle-speed to reduce emissions and everything worked ok ; I use premium gasoline too . Just as with the wind generator I can not expect more than 75 % in power because of this altitude so my Kipor was tested with 750watts and worked as said quite good!Second part -LRB- Kipor tested with the Aurora inverter -RRB- Finally after I made some improvement in my electrical circuits regarding ground or earth , I tested the Aurora inverter and it really entered quite good , the only thing is that the ideal solution is to have a Kipor with enough power , so much as the maximum power of the wind generator ; this is affordable because of the good price of Kipor products .
 Although it lacks the Amperage to power heavy duty items like circular saws , it easily powers my speaker system , 2 CD decks and a mixer , as well as a blender - perfect for a Sunday afternoon DJ party with frozen drinks ! While I 've only been using it for a little over a month , I can definitely say that it uses very little fuel , just as the manufacturer claims
 Have installed valve and is working great with no workmanship defects . I do recommend this valve as a quality part
 These lights work great , are beautiful and elegant , my front yard looks great with them .
 Very well made solar lamp type lights for your yard . Have a beautiful crisp white glow !
 They work very well and do not require much sunlight to stay bright all night
 I do recommend these bar / chain combo & OREGON is the only way to go . The &#34; intenz &#34; adjust system works but binds a bit with sawdust . Wish they had finer adjustment . Chains are sharp & hold up great .
 This product is a great replacement for my original equipment bar and chain on my Craftsman chainsaw . The product was easy to order and it arrived within a few days . I would order through this company again .
 I purchased this set to replace the original bar and chains that came with my 18 '' Craftsman saw I bought 15 years ago . After that amount of time the chains were worn pretty much beyond sharpening , and the bar had suffered wear and was slightly bent.The new bar has a built-in tensioning mechanism that helps you quickly adjust the chain tightness.Also , the new chain has kept it 's sharpness MUCH longer than the originals did . With these replacements , it 's like a brand new saw .
 As a die hard Pats fan , my mother loved it and has it hanging outside next to the mailbox and wants another one for the front door .
 This is well made ; colors are true for team colors ; bought for 10 yr old grandson & he loves it ; price was reasonable ; item shipped in timely manner ; great purchase !
 Absolutely great ! Bought this and two other teams . Print is great , quality to match and looks great on a wall !
 I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS ITEM AND THE TIMING FOR SHIPMENT WAS GREAT ! THEY CAME THROUGH ON THEIR WORD ! I WILL BE USING THIS CUSTOMER AGAIN !
 We previously purchased another sign but it was a different team so we pretty much knew what to expect . The quality was very good and the team colors are true to form . The sign is made from sturdy plastic . All in all , we are just as satisfied with this new purchase . It was bought to give as a gift and the recipient was quite happy with it .
 This went right up on my Son 's Door and completed the entire decor of the room . He is a huge fan and this was the perfect gift idea .
 Bought the sign for my son who is a Patriots fan and he loves it . Not made of weak material , sturdy . Great gift .
 just what i needed a straight up fan so i needed everything i could get my hands on relating to the patriots thanks
 Nice Stop Sign , my son loves it on his bedroom door ; however , the description says made of a type of plastic but mine was made of cardboard and even had a small nick on the front . Not a deal breaker but the description is not correct unless mine is the only one made of cardboard .
 This NE stop sign is just as shown . In case you missed this in the description it it made of plastic . Great for Garage , game room , or kids room !
 seems to keep local gartner snakes away . is expensive and smells very bad , but seems to work . need to respray about once a month . wife is scared of snakes or would n't bother .
 I just recertified my BLS and learned quite a bit about this item . Aside from being the only one available without a prescription , it has also never been recalled for any reason -LRB- in fairness to the other brands , I do not know which have been recalled -RRB- . It is very easy to use , and really , even a kid could use it . It is very straight forward , however , you really need to take a CPR course because there are many things you need to know . As for this , yes , you will need scissors -LRB- make sure they can cut through an underwire bra -RRB- , a razor -LRB- too much chest hair will not let this stick -RRB- , a dry cloth -LRB- often times if someone is having a heart attack they sweat a lot , and the pads may not stick -RRB- , and order an extra set of pads , just in case . The chances of someone being saved with CPR and an AED are so much greater than with CPR alone that it makes sense to have this -LRB- if you are considering this , you likely have a reason -RRB- . Currently , I believe you can get a $ 500 tax credit -LRB- at least in NY -RRB- for each one you buy . Also , I was told in the class that adult pads can be used on children , however , child pads can not be used on adults -LRB- not enough charge -RRB- . Pad placement on adults is completely different than the placement for a child . Again , you should have some kind of training . Also , if you do keep gloves with this , please buy nitrile and not latex . The last thing you want is to touch someone with latex gloves if you do not know if they are allergic .
 Good product . Only wish it came with extra adult pads . People should also be aware that you will need to add disposable razor , gloves , and towel for use . I also wish there was information on pediatric pads at time of purchase . I searched the web and I could not find an AED available for purchase without a Doctor 's prescription that was adaptable for use on pediatrics . I am a DC , EMT , and CPR instructor for the ARC , and purchased this item for my office . I hope I do n't need to use it , but it gives me peace of mind to know that I am prepared .
 Fits the unit we have , and allows a lot of time for replacement - almost the maximum . I was worried that they might be older pads , but it 's new stock . Great price , too !
 I 'm not sure how other reviewers can have such positive things to say about these , because like me , I doubt most people have actually used these , and hopefully I never will.I will write one warning . The Philips AED does n't contain any type of clock or date , and while these pads do have an expiration date , the AED will not warn you when your pads are past their date . Make sure you note the date . I think this is a BIG omission in the design . The AED will tell you about low battery but NOT expired pads . I had pads that were expired by several months and not a peep .
 A great addition to the Phillips AED . It 's always good to have a second set in tow in the event you ca n't use the first set .
 I bought this product to replace the old one that expired.I recomend this pad and AED for outpatient anesthesia .
 Phillips defibrillators are the best . A must have in every household . The life it saves may be your own.It takes only 9 minutes to be brain dead .
 It was time to change the pads in my defibulator . Next I 'll need to change the battery . I need 3 more words so that I can submit .
 I 've never had to used it , and I hope that I never have to , but I trust it work , if I ever need it to be .
 IF you are looking for a cheap way to stay cool in the summer this is the way to go . Seats and cup holders -- what more could you ask for ?
 We live in a condo with a small fenced in back yard . This pool takes up a good deal of it , but its just so much fun . My 2 year old could stay in all day , and its large enough for my husband and me to comfortably join him . When not in use , we cover with a large piece of plastic as it obviously takes a good deal of water to fill . Easy to fill and drain , but with the excess water usage I advice covering and only emptying when necessary .
 This product is exactly as advertised - perfect for lounging , just the right size and depth . I live in the Northeast and ca n't justify the cost of an inground pool for our shoddy summers , but I do love sitting out in the sun on our rare hot days . I am a 5 ' 5 '' woman , and I normally use it alone which I prefer . I have n't yet had four grown adults in it , and it 's hard to imagine it unless they were really good friends , or we all had a few beers . My husband sometimes joins me , and we tend to sit * not * diagonal from each other so our feet do n't touch . It does comfortably fit two , but when I get really hot I like to slide under water which would be hard to do with someone else there . I fill it a little below the fill line so I can prop my book on top of my legs , and it works out great . The water is deep enough to cool me off , but still allow me to use a book or laptop in the pool . My tan is spectacular from laying out , which is an added bonus.I know this is a common complaint , but I do wish it had four cup holders as well . The placement of them sometimes dictates where my husband and I to sit , and it 's not always the sunniest seat . : -RRB- For cleanliness , I add a couple tablespoons of bleach and use a Splash Pools solar cover to keep it clean and bacteria free , and it works for me . I still dump it out and refill it every couple weeks , which has increased our water bill but it 's worth it.I do have it on my deck , which concerned me at first because of the weight , but it 's been fine and it 's nice to not have to walk across the grass and get muddy going to and from it . We have not had any problems with any holes or leaks and we 're careful about it , but I can see debris under the pool that has yet to poke through so that 's good . My 12 lb dog also likes to jump on it , and her paws have not done any damage to the walls which is good . I am hoping I can clean it and pack it up well enough at the end of the season that I can use it again next summer , but for the price I 'm not concerned if I need to replace it each season.This is a great product , and I 'm glad they finally catered to us adults that are too embarrassed to have a kiddy pool in our yard but want to soak in the sun too !
 This pool fits perfect on my deck at the Beach House.It is for our Adult crowd we love sitting in it on hot nights , perfect fit for everyone.Sometimes we let the kids in .
 The built in seats make it feel like a kiddie pool for grown-ups ! Good for sunbathing or just a great place to cool off with a cold beverage!The size is perfect!Seats 4 adults comfortably.Oh yeah , the kids loved it too !
 Love this pool , It 's a great size . I have three of my friends over every weekend and and we all fit great ! I only wish it had more cup holders there are 4 seats but only 2 cup holders .
 When I bought this , summer was over , yet it was still warm out , and the first school break was here . This teacher was beat after starting a new school year . To relax , I wanted to enjoy a few more days lounging in the sun , in a pool , with a book and a beverage . But I did n't have time before school days resumed to go to the beach and did n't want to pack a pool bag and drive off to the pool . I just wanted a couple hours a day in the sun . I had this pool over-nighted , inflated it -LRB- on my deck for leveling purposes -RRB- , filled it with water and wah-lah ! It was perfect for my needs . I do n't really `` swim '' at the pool , I float . And I do n't like even slightly cool water , but I did n't want a baby pool to just sit in . In this pool , I can stretch out in it or lounge in the corners with my tush cushioned , and on the day or two the water was too cool , I put my LARGE lounger float in it so that all that was in the cool water was my feet ! Yes , the large float fit -LRB- well ... it did n't move around a bunch , but it was floating and had six inches or more to move front to back and side to side which was enough for me -- close my eyes and I might as well be in a community pool without the noise -RRB- . My husband thought it was a great idea and sat in it with me once just to relax and unwind after work ! Even if it does n't survive storage and wo n't inflate next summer ... it was worth the 4-5 days I used it -LRB- I got it on sale -RRB- and I would buy it again ! But I am hoping it survives ... this teacher will put it to great use until it wears out ! -LRB- Yes ... I rated it educational ... I relaxed and was a better teacher for it -RRB- !
 For a little pool , it 's mighty and is also pleasant to look at . The description tells you that there are four seats in the corner for the moms to use while watching their toddlers and it 's perfect . My grandbabies wanted to go into the pool the minute they saw it . It sold itself to their little toddler eyes . I feel that it 's very safe because it 's so shallow . I am not sorry I purchased this pool . Happy dippin ' ! Buy those battery operated fish to run around the pool , they 're a ton of fun .
 I did not use a manual pump as recommended on the box , and it inflated fine . My little three year old niece loves this pool . It is roomy . I even went in it with her . You can sit in the corners comfortably . The backrest is not exactly evenly aligned with the seats , but the overall comfort is fine . We have used this pool twice , so I can not comment on durablity , but it seems strong and I have had good experiences with Intex pool toys .
 My husband and I came very close to buying an Intex , 15 foot above-ground pool this year . We were gung ho about it all winter long then Spring hit and the backyard projects began . The thought of adding yet another project -LRB- leveling the yard where we were going to put the pool -RRB- made our excitement wilt a LOT . We are experts on jumping the gun on things and going TOO big too soon as far as our 3 year old son is concerned so we decided to really think about what our family 's needs are for a pool . Mostly , I was just looking for something big enough to cool off in during our brutal summers , and something for our son to splash in . Yes , it would be great for us `` big people '' to be able to kick back on a big floating raft in a larger pool , but we knew that the reality would be us taking turns holding our son up in a deeper pool where the water level would be over his head . Not much fun and not very relaxing . We knew he 'd like something a lot more that he could stand up in and get in and out of himself so we shopped around and found this pool . At the price , it was worth a try . This past week we had some nearly 90 degree days -LRB- we live in Texas -RRB- so in we went . My son was ecstatic and had a blast . Big enough for me and hubby to sit in -LRB- and we are both very tall -RRB- and my son to still splash around in and play with his boats . I love the inflatable seats and backrests and the cup holders are a nice touch too . I will say that if you 're tall to leave a couple of the seat cushions uninflated so you 're down further in the water , otherwise only a little of your rump and legs are in there . I invested in a small , portable water pump -LRB- about $ 25 -RRB- with hose attachment so I can water my plants as I drain the pool instead of just flooding the yard each time . Makes the drainage and cleanup so much more hassle free and I can kill two birds with one stone , so to speak . Have n't noticed any leaking issues , either . Overall I think this pool meets the needs of a family with little kiddos very well and I 'm happy with the purchase .
 Just got this product . It is PERFECT . It is hot outside right now ... really hot ... and really sticky . My husband and I wanted something to lounge in in the heat where we would n't look silly . Also - we considered one of those larger blue pools that requires a pump & chlorine but truth be told - we were n't committed to the maintenance.Yes - the top chamber leaks a little bit of air . It is a blow-up pool . I 'd imagine this is almost inevitable . Keep your manual pump next to it & give it a good pump up before you get in . It 'll keep it inflated enough for your fun time in it and then it may leak a bit in the time you 're out of it . The water should be refilled frequently anyway . Look on the bright side ... it 's a big pool and it 's REFRESHING!It took a little over an hour to fill with the hose & quite a bit of time to warm up.When I am in it -LRB- 5 ' 4 '' -RRB- and not on the cushion seat but just the floor , it is just below my chest . I can float , arms extended , in the middle of the pool.Regarding a cover ... two things.One - to scoop out any yucky stuff floating I 'm going to get an aquarium net/scooper . Two - I 'm going to use heavy-duty velcro on all sides of the pool in the middle & purchase two tarps to lay across the top . The corners of the tarps will adhere to the sides of the pool . Hope I explained that well . I am not intending on covering the seats with the tarps - I do n't know that it would be an effective cover if I did.This pool , right now , is a super saver free shipping item on Amazon . It is very reasonably priced as well . For the cost of about the same as ONE waterpark ticket , your whole family can use this pool . SO - even if it is only for a few uses before it deflates a bit ... I figure you 'll get your money 's worth !
 VERY NICE !!!!! I BOUGHT IT FOR MY 1 YEAR OLD GRANDSON AND WE HAD A BLAST IN IT THIS PAST SUMMER , EASY TO CLEAN , AND PRETTY COOL WITH THE LITTLE SEATS ! WE PUT HIS CHAIR AND UMBRELLA TABLE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE POOL SO HE COULD HANG ON WHILE WALKING AROUND ... VERY FUN !
 Full disclosure
 My granduaghter and daughter love it My daughter also has a new born and it allowed her to sit in it both her and the new baby and let everyone have a great time they love and the price was excellent
 I bought this pool for my 3 grand children , 2yr , 7yr and 9yrs they enjoyed this pool till the night fell and I had to get them out.Pool is durable and roomy , my Son also got in with the kids . Looking for a smaller scale pool for splash and fun choose this one .
 This is a great pool for the price . The pool has four attached inflatable seats to sit on , and two drink holders . The Intex round pool cover fits great over the pool , and I would recommend purchasing the cover for the pool .
 I really love this pool ... My 3 yr old loves to be outside , but in the summer , it is definitely too hot to be enjoyable on many days without a pool ... We thought about the intex pools with the filter , but we were unsure if we wanted the maintenance just for a little pool , and I would have to hold up my toddler alot since the water would go high on her . . This pool is perfect ! I ca n't say how amazing the seats are ... It is so comfortable for me to sit , relax , read and tan ... Even allows you to lay your head back on the cushion ... The cup holders are cool ! ... I will say it is a pain to drain . . Seemed to take awhile longer then I thought it would ... I think it would have been better if they put in a higher drain , along with the lower drain ... There are no other pools out there as cool as this one , so I hope they continue making them ... It is a large pool . . Larger then I thought , but perfect for my tall hubby , me , and our toddler ... Also , didnt take long to fill the pool . . Maybe 5-10 minutes ... Hope it lasts the enitre summer . . Also , so far no problems with deflation at all .
 We got this pool last summer , and my boys spent the entire summer in it ! Us adults love it too ! We quickly became the popular house in the family so cousins and friends frequently enjoyed it as well . Great product and great price !
 So far it is great ! I have to put more air into it every couple of weeks due to the fluctuation with the temperature . It 's very comfortable .
 Think of it as a disposable pool , not an inflatable pool . We loved it while it stayed inflated but after a month or so , it would not hold air . We could n't find the leak so we just threw it away . Soo &#8230; . if you can think of it as a very temporary fun thing , you 'll be happy . We were for the price .
 awesome pool even just for adults on really hot days we had a blast ... I totally recommend !!! takes no time to set up and fill
 This pool is huge for a blow up pool to put on your back deck . Great for my two 3 year olds and myself to play in during these miserable hot Alabama days !! I ca n't say enough good things about it and feel lucky to have it ...
 Perfect to sit in and cool off . Love the cup holder . Great for couple with baby or small child . Fits 2 adults confortable . Only negative , wish it has a pool cover .
 This was a great buy . I have a five year old and a 13 month old and this pool is perfect . I can fill it partially and the baby can have his turn then I can fill it to its capacity or anywhere in between and the five year old has a ball . Plus the seats are perfect for parents to be right there to keep an eye on the kids while cooling off . We 've been using it all summer and only have good things to say .
 My hubby says ` it is fantastic and worth every penny ! '' He is a bigger man and still finds it very comfortable to the point that he is it more than our son . Lots of fun and relaxing . Have even considered buying a back up one ... just in case .
 the pool is exactly as advertised . it was a great value , with no shipping -LRB- found elsewhere for more $ + $ 16 shipping -RRB- . added bonus which is n't very evident from the photo - there are 2 cup holders ! the inflatable back rests are really comfy and adults can stay in the pool for extended periods with the little kids and be comfortable -LRB- not like in a small kiddy pool -RRB- . It 's nice to be able to inflate/deflate for a weekend . I 'd DEFINITELY recommend this .
 This pool is built pretty well and is bigger than one thinks . It takes a while to fill and there are no covers that fit . Also , I did have a leak after about a month of use and have been unable to find it as of yet .
 We had this pool until 2 days ago , when one of our dogs was accidentally left in the yard and chewed it up . It 's a wonderful pool , definitely big enough for the family . The seats are great , for adults to sit on , and for toddlers to jump off . It 's nice and deep too -LRB- for a kiddie pool -RRB- . After using it for a few months , it did have 2 small leaks in it , 1 in a seat and 1 in the bottom . We planned on fixing it , but our dog had other plans ! We would love to get this pool again , but the price is a little steep for us -LRB- the first one was a gift -RRB- . I would recommend this pool to anyone !
 I bought this little pool to be able to lay out in the back yard and fight the Texas heat . It is perfect for just that . It will fit 2 normal sized floats very comfortably . It 's just deep enough to float around and stay cool and the drink holders on the sides are awesome ! Sometimes I add a little air in it on Sat morning before I fill it up with water . Just depends on if the heat has taken too much out of it . It takes about 10 minutes to fill up , just enough time to change into my bathing suit , and then I 'm ready to go . I use it on Sat and Sun and then on Sun evening I pull the drain plug , let it drain , and flip it over on the yard . This keeps it from collecting dust and debris during the week . When the weekend comes again , I do it all over again . That 's all the maintenance there is to it . I 'm all about keeping it simple . Too much trouble and I wo n't mess with it . My water bill is only $ 5 - $ 10 a month more when I fill it up every week . It 's the best pool for laying out I 've ever bought .
 I ca n't rave enough about this pool . It 's the perfect size and depth for my 4 year old and her 36 year old mom -LRB- me . -RRB- She has plenty of room to swim and play , and I have plenty of room and comfort to lounge . It 's perfect for tanning . The seats are very comfy and make nice pillows too . We love it !!!!
 We got this not as a `` toy '' but to cool off in this hot summer in Indiana . This was the absolute best price on Amazon . This lounge pool was easy to fill up with air . We decided to put it on our cement patio . I would suggest putting something under the pool to keep it from scratching the cement.We fill it with water and it 's able to stay good for a week . I add about 1/4 cup of Clorox and mix it in each day and add a little water.We are able to use a regular raft to float on in the middle of this lounge pool while someone is sitting in the lounge chair . This is the best ever pool for ADULTS ever ! This has been the best thing to cool off outside and to work on your tan ! If you have little kids , you can sit in the lounge chair and watch them play right by your feet.I would definately recommend this .
 Pool is great . Our 1 year old loves it and it is big enough for four adults to sit in the seats . So far seems durable . Love that it has a drain plug . Much nicer than anything we saw in stores .
 I 've tried little pools in the past and i am overwhelmingly pleased ! This pool is awesome for laying out and lounging . With the four back rests and cushioned seating it is soooo relaxing . Keeps you cool and comfortable while soaking in the rays !
 We really enjoyed this pool all last summer . I bought a tarp and would cover the pool during the day and night when not in use . Our daughter was 6 months old last year and we put her in her floatation device with a canopy overhead , bought a swimming fish and she would splash and have fun with us for a good 30 min . Afterwards we relaxed in it during her nap time . We all fit in it at the same time with room to spare . It held up to the desert sun very well . I drained the pool every few days . At the end of the summer I became a little careless about covering it during the day and the dogs jumped into it too many times and it tore . We could have patched it but we did not intend on storing it over the winter .
 The pool is pretty large for a back yard pool . Plenty of room for several children and a few adults , too . I have found that I have to add air each day in order to keep it adequately inflated .
 My family and I love this pool !! However , we have been looking for a pool cover to keep it clean . This has been quite the task ! Online , the only one I see listed is the Intex Swim Center Pool Cover 120 '' but the product features section states it 's for pools Measuring 120 '' x 72 '' -LRB- 305cm x 183cm -RRB- or 103 '' x 69 '' -LRB- 262cm x 175cm -RRB- , so this would n't do ... Can someone please let me know which pool cover can be used for the Intex Swim Center Family Lounge Pool -LRB- 90 '' x 90 '' -RRB- and where can I purchase it?Thank you so much ; - -RRB-
 This is a great pool ! We all love it and everyone asks us where we got it . It 's comfortable to sit in for adults and my toddler and her little friends have a great time in it , too !
 This pool is just great . It is so roomy . My daughter and I sat in the seats and tanned while her little one played in the middle . Got it last summer and used it regularly all summer . Could n't wait to fill it up this summer , but due to our own carelessness in storing it , when we inflated and filled it , we realized it had a leak somewhere . I have n't been able to find the leak , so we have n't got to use it this year .
 It might be great to swim in , but if it ever stops raining and gets hot I hope to try it .
 This is a nice little pool for parents with toddlers . My husband , my two year-old daughter and myself went in this pool . We 're not tiny people and this pool held everyone just fine . It was roomy and deep enough to seem like a pool and not a puddle . :-RRB- It was soft sided and safe for our daughter . We bought an electric pump at Target for it and thank goodness we did because there is no way you could blow this up otherwise . We had a nice time with this on our deck over the 4th of July holiday . We even added our tall 11 year-old niece to the gang on one day of the holiday weekend and we all fit just fine . You ca n't `` swim '' it in of course but you can certainly lay back , get cooled off and help make it more fun for your little one by having mommy and daddy in the pool too .
 i purchased this pool for it is the onlly one that is legal without a fence and alarm in my area . it definetly serves the purpose of cooling off and getting wet . my 3yr old grandaughter loves it . the only problem i see is all the dirt andclunk all seem to go behind the seats and you can not get behind to clean it . also the white bottom shows every dirt and whatever i lprefer blue bottoms . but for the price it does serve its purpose . i give it 3/1/2 stars . next year my 8x30 easy set up pool inclosed with a fence and pool alarm .
 I bought this pool knowing that I have four young boys who could n't wait to jump all over it and possibly destroy it , but it never happened ! This is the most durable blow up pool I have ever bought . Even after many hours in the hot sun , and kids bouncing all over it , the pool and seats stayed strong . I would recomend this pool to anyone !
 i love this pool . my sons , 2 and 5 , love it too . 2nd year we 've had it . yes it gets dirty , but my boys play for hours in it . a little baking soda helps keep the water nicer longer . no problems with leaks or inflating . been a great pool to have . best money ever spent for how long they play in it .
 This is a very good pool especially if you have a small backyard and would like to get cool in the summer wihtout having a huge expense of trying to add a large size ppol ! This pool is remarkable in that it can hold up to 4 medium-large size adults AND 2 small children at the same time ! This pool is fun and convenient to have ! It blows up very quickly , is stable and does n't need any extra equipment except the pump to blow it up ! I love this pool ! Very durable ... I 'm going to order several for friends !
 Windmill Palm is a great Palm for the NY area . With some winter protection , -LRB- such as a Burlap wrap -RRB- you will enjoy a tropical look up North .
 When temps get below 20 a little bubble wrap and a light bulb for a month or two assures winter survival .
 I chose this cover based on its roominess compared to other products I searched for on the web . My chairs do not stack exactly vertically so I welcomed the extra few inches . It is great . I am able to stack & cover 6 big aluminum armed chairs easily . The color is actually a taupe -LRB- which is great for me . It matches my house . -RRB- rather than gray like the description .
 The cover was a little longer than I expected but works great for covering my 8 stacked chairs . Looks great too .
 Last year a patio chair cover that was purchased by my husband at a discount store was torn beyond repair when our paper boy tossed our daily paper towards our front step , missed , and hit the cheap cover . This new cover is roomy enough to completely cover five large patio chairs stacked on top of each other . The vinyl is thick and the product is top quality . It even has Velcro fasteners that go around the legs of the bottom chair to hold it snuggly in place . I highly recommend it .
 This is a very well made product . These spark plugs seem to last forever . I strongly recommend them for all gasoline machinery .
 I have a hard to start High-Wheel trimmer . For it to start I have to prime the carb twice as many time as the operating instructions indicate and pull start it multiple times.With the G3 Sparkplug , it starts better then when it was new on the first pull . I am putting them in all my power equipment .
 I bought this plug because I like to keep my grass long , and my Toro was having trouble when it got too long . This plug is absolutely amazing . I did n't notice any faster starts as my engine has always started fine , but I definately noticed the increased power . It no longer bogs down in the long grass . Well worth the money !!
 E3 .10 E3 Spark Plug with Diamond Fire TechnologyI am currently using a Diamond Fire , spark plug in an old lawn mower -LRB- Troy Built -RRB- , which I purchased in 1992 . Not only does the mower start faster , but it will now run on the low speed position . I thought that I was needing to overhaul the carburator , but that is no longer the case.Now I want to know if the Plug will live up to it 's lifetime warranty .
 I paid a lot for this spark plug , -LRB- & it has come down by half since I bought mine -RRB- , but it has worked flawlessly . I will buy more of this type of spark plug . John .
 Some reviewers have had issue with the length of the terminal . I replaced the sparkplug terminal with a longer one -LRB- from the original plug -RRB- and it works great .
 With the advertised technology of the e3 spark plug I decided to give them a try in my antique tractor . What a difference they made !! I had a problem with the engine hesitating between idle and full throttle ... no more . The engine seems to have a little more power and even starts easier . Highly recommended !!
 There a little pricey but they work well.Starts are easier ... only time will tell if they last .
 I have been using these spark plugs on Toro recyclers for years . They are wonderful ! In fact , they are better than the Toro Mowers !! And they have a lifetime warranty which will be honored at any auto parts store that carries them . Before I found these spark plugs , I was buying multiple Champion plugs at a time to keep my mowers running ! And Amazon has a wonderful price !
 We have had this feeder out for two to three months with phenomenal success . Prior to hanging our feeders we did n't know if hummingbirds were in our area . We had visitors within an hour of hanging them and now are blessed with a continual stream of these amazing birds dawn to dusk . We enjoy watching atleast 4 or 5 hummingbirds zooming around and hovering , taking their turns at the feeders . Sometimes two birds feed at this feeder at the same time . This feeder is really nice because the birds can perch and rest while feeding . This feeder is also nice because the hand blown glass makes it heavy , so it does n't swing in the wind so much . I highly recommend this product.Only a few simple steps are needed to attract these beautiful birds .1 . Use simple household sugar mixed with water . Start witha 1:1 ratio . Boil the mixture and allow it to cool.Once feeding becomes regular you can drop it back to 1 partsugar to 4 parts water . As migration season approachesincrease the percentage back to 1:1 . Keep extra in therefrigerator . Do not add red food coloring as an attractantas it can be detrimental .2 . Clean the feeder regularly -LRB- 2-3 days -RRB- by rinsing feederwith water . Do not use soap - they do not like the taste.Every month clean feeder with a 1/4 cup bleach to 1 galwater solution . Soak for one hour and scrub it out . Flushwith water . Fill with fresh sugar solution . Do not reuseold mixture .3 . This is the most important step , enjoy your new visitors!It 's neat to go outside and talk to them . They will comeand hover in front of you and chirp back to you .
 The resin Adirondack Ottoman matched my resin Adirondack chairs perfectly . It is very comfortable and durable . I had a hard time finding a reasonably affordadable ottoman for my porch . I do not have anything negative to state about this ottoman !
 I had been looking for these for about 10 years Had bought some in La. and wanted more since my husband broke on by setting on it he only weights 210 . Hee Hee Very comfortable . I spray painted my red . Look great .
 I 've had this now for some time ... . Love it . . it ; s a great little light weight ottoman . I carry it from the deck to the patio without a problem and I love being able to put my legs up no matter what chair I sit in
 This filter media is a must have to set your small pond pump in to protect it.cleans easily with garden hose . Always rinse your filters over your flower gardens . The plants love the pond refuse
 First , this is a great smoker . I 've had a stainless version for 10 years and am ordering a replacement electrical converter . From tender , mouth watering , ribs to Canadian bacon I 've made it all . Except pastrami - and that 's on my list.The reason I 'm replacing the heating element is that it has a short . It 's blowing the breaker on my outdoor outlet . Oddly enough , though , it 's not blowing the breakers on any other outlets.In trying to figure out the problem , I put a meter between the chassis of the smoker and ground and got 90 volts ! Fortunately enough for me I had n't touched it while I was trying to solve the problem.As noted , the smoker is old . It 's been stored `` mostly '' in a storage shed and covered . When the replacement element arrives and I take the old one off , I 'll see if I can tell how the short occurred.Meanwhile just be aware that electrical shock is a POSSIBILITY . -LRB- NOTE
 This is a pretty good product to use . No need for charcoal and can smoke in cold weather . But note that this gets up to temperatures of 220 ~ 225 . Brinkmann does not say this anywhere on their website and you have to call them up in order to find out . One good note is if your smoking food and its 30 degrees outside you need a blanket for your smoker . I ended up using a water heater blanket and upgraded to a welders blanket . Without doing this you would only have 150 degrees or even 100 . This is also very nice because cleanup is easier on the water pan .
 I purchased this convertor at the suggestion of my son and sister-in-law . They were right . Installation is a snap , plug in and start up . Rather then use lava rock , I used some pieces of brick that were 1.5 inches thick . Then rather then ise the little pan privided , I placed N OLD PIZZA PAN on the brick pieces and then put the dampened smoking wood on it . Large chunks of hickery work great , especially when mixed with the smaller chips of misqite . A great buy . works better then expected and made some fine eats .
 I used the Brinkmann Electric Converter to convert a Weber One-Touch Silver 221/2 '' Charcoal grill into an awesome electric BBQ grill . I had a Masterbuilt Electric Veranda Model pedestal grill with a 1650 Watt variable output electric heating element , but with only 200 square inches of heating surface it was limited to cooking for about 2 to 3 people . I needed something bigger for when guests stop over for free food . The Weber is about 380 square inches , so I almost doubled my cooking surface ! -LRB- Area = 3.14 X Radius X Radius -RRB- . Since the Weber One-Touch Silver 221/2 '' Charcoal grill is one of the most popular grills in the USA , I got one for $ 89 at a local hardware store . The Brinkmann Electric Converter through Amazon was less than $ 50 with shipping . I also picked up a cheap temperature gauge for about $ 10 at the hardware store that reads up to 750 degrees Farenheit.The conversion was pretty straight-forward . I sat the Brinkmann element on the lower grill where the charcoal is normally located . Then I marked the area where the electric cord needs to come out of the grill . I used a cutting wheel attachment on an electric drill to buzz off some of the lower grill where the cord needs to come through . Then I used a 3/4 '' unibit to blast 3 holes through the bottom basin of the grill , and connected the holes together by using a 3/8 '' drill bit to buzz around the holes , kind of like an end-mill . -LRB- A 1 '' hole saw would have probably worked just as well , but I could n't find one in my garage . -RRB- So once the hole was made , I simply sat the electric element in place , with the electrical cord coming out the back-bottom of the grill . I also hacked a couple inches off one of the charcoal scraper louvers so that it would n't bang on the electric cord.I used a couple feet of aluminum foil to wrap around the rubberized insulation where the electric cord enters the bottom of the element , and held it together with some heat resistant tape . Then after setting the element in place I used some more heat resistant tape to seal the hole on the bottom basin of the grill , where the electric cord comes out . I used some cheap black spray paint from the dollar store to paint over the silver tape and some tool marks I had made . After drilling a small hole in the grill 's lid for the temperature gage , I locked the gage in place with another small piece of heat resistant tape . Done.The element cord will probably need an extension so that you can place the grill where you need it . I bought a 9 ' extension cord normally used for large appliances , such as a refrigerator . The AWG is 14 , do n't use 12 AWG as it will get warm to the touch when running this element , and the appliance extension cord does not get get warm at all.The empty grill goes from 75 deg F to 350 deg F in 10 minutes flat . It does n't seem to matter whether the lower charcoal scraper louvers are open or shut . I leave them open so that grease can drip down through the louvers into the pan that normally catches charcoal dust . After taking the lid off the grill to flip your steaks or whatever , the recovery time back up to 350 deg F is about 5 minutes . If the temperature gets too high for you , just open the vent on the lid and the temperature will drop about 5 degrees per minute . Close the vent when you get to where you want to be again.This grill conversion tends to hold at about 350 deg F no matter how much or how little food is being cooked . It is so simple to operate that you can walk away from it for periods of ten to fifteen minutes without having to worry about it going past 400 degrees . It is perhaps the best BBQ grill I have ever seen , considering the ease of use and lack of filthiness associated with charcoal . Plus it doe n't dry out meat the way a gas flame does , and the temperature is a very consistant 350 degrees -LRB- + - 25 -RRB- , perfect for cooking almost anything.My Masterbuilt Electric Veranda was okay , but for a relatively small cooking surface I think the electric element was slightly oversized , and even though I got used to tweaking the temperature setting for the element , I still found the unit bursting into flames when least expected . This Brinkmann-Weber conversion is simple and reliable , allowing me to pinpoint cooking times within ten minutes . Try that with charcoal ! All you need are a few tools , a couple of hours , a little ingenuity , and you will have the best grill on the block.Hope this helps .
 I converted my Weber kettle grill with this electric converter and I must say it does work ... maybe to good ... I agree with the other reviewer that the temp gets to around 350deg and heats up quick . I would say it is like a toaster oven but on crack . However for smoking , the temp might be a tad bit to high without a way to control the heat.Does anyone know how to reduce the amount of current going into the element?Update
 I had this conversion once before for another Brinkman and I let it get away from me . I recently bought another Brinkman Smoker-Grill and just had to have another of these units . Easily converts the smoker from charcoal to electric smoker in a mere minutes . Great to have the option.Paul in Texas
 I have a Smokie Mountain Smoker and wanted to replace the propane with an electric burner . To get my smoker going this year I needed to get a tank , and fill it . Since I live where electricy is really cheap and propane is n't , I looked for some type of converter . Not finding one for my smoker I shopped around and decided that with a little modification I could get this to work . I filed off some of the round plate on two sides so the door would close properly and cut a notch in bottom of the smoker for the element cord . I also removed the gas burner assembly so the plate can sit flat on the bottom with the cord under the smoker out of the way , with no hazard . I am able to still use the wood chip tray , and the pan for water as they came with the smoker with no modifications . The only thing I lost was the drip pan that slid into the bottom , foil will take care of that . Project time while sipping on coffee and getting two phone calls was 20 minutesI feel I have more control over smoking by just adjusting the vents and seems to be less cumbersom then the gas . It takes about 45 minutes for the chips to start smoldering and smoker to come up to heat . Great addition to my smoker and will never run out of gas .
 The first unit I received did not heat up like it should have . I contacted the seller and they referred me to Brinkmann . They immediately sent me a replacement and now I am on my way to smoken everything in the freezer !
 This was a simple and easy transformation for the smoker . The only thing is that when using the bottom tray you need to rotate you meat from top to bottom tray . Takes just a little getting use to the electric heat rather than the fire . Make smoking a lot simpler with a constant heat . Would highly recommend .
 We used this item to convert our charcoal smoker to an electric smoker . Our smoker is square and we found it more convenient than the newer round electric ones . It does an outstanding job . Our smoker has 3 shelves and all the food is done well .
 Used this to heat my smoker for slim jims and summer sausage . works great with stepless controller to adjust heat
 Kingsford has been making the briquette for many years , they know what they are doing . I have had NO problem with the new product , consistant size and performance every time . I did notice the new product is a little hotter but if you are a true griller and bbq guy , the `` slight '' change in your routine is all you need . The best product for your Weber or any charcoal grill and taste ! Leave the lump for the Prius driving bunch !
 It worked good but it only holds up to a 15lb bird I had a 20lb turkey that i had to fry . I wish there was a wieght limit posted on the hook before i bought it .
 If your looking for something to fry fish in you ca n't go wrong with this one . The frame is welded and very sturdy . Some very minor assembly to attatch burner to frame and unit is ready to use . Really like mine and recommend it to anyone looing for a deep fryer .
 I replaced a shallow well hand pump in my backyard . I bought the new pump from Amazon , and this foot valve as well . I bought 23 feet of 1-1/4 '' galvanized pipe from my local hardware store . After applying a little plumbers tape to the pipe , the foot valve , screwed on easily . Now I have a working `` classic '' hand pump right in my backyard . I 've had it in place for about 3 months and it 's working great . I 'll give another review on reliability as time goes on .
 We 're fighting quite a little war against the Japanese beetles in our neighborhood . Without the bag-a-bug set , I 'm sure my plum tree would be destroyed . Just make sure that you replace the bag twice a week otherwise it starts to smell , especially in the hot weeks when the bugs are more attracted to the lures .
 I had quite a problem with japanese beetle grubs making parts of my lawn get brown spots in quite a few places , just as i suspected they emerged this summer and were ravaging my flowering shrubs , and knockout roses especially in the lower lying moist areas where most of the grubs were found when planting , they even stripped some branches totally bare , i got two of these bag a bug kits and was amazed by the results , it filled up both to the neck in the funnel in three days , i 've been replacing the bags about once a week since then and just noticed that the third set of bags had a good day and filled all the way to the brim , these stupid bugs are so sex crazy that they did n't bother crawling out , i must say that the sight of thousands of japanese beetles mounted on each other in the bag is quite a funny site to view and very interesting for kids to watch , i 'm the only one using them in my new subdivision , which is devoid of many older growth trees -LRB- the nearest forest is about a half mile away -RRB- which is where i think most of them are coming from , because i find it hard to believe that the tens of thousands -LRB- that 's right tens of thousands -RRB- of beetles i have caught so far are just from my neighbor 's lawns and gardensa summary of this product is that it works and i do n't have that many beetles on my shrubs and none on my roses and the ones that are , usually use the plant as a staging area in preparation of their visit to that mystical romantic kingdom where they will meet their slow roasting death in the hot summer suna tip is that you should change the bags when they start to get that horrible death smell , you can tell by the immense attraction of numerous flies to the outside of the bag , my favorite is to put the used bags in a thick garbage bag and stomp them to death -LRB- crunch crunch crunch -RRB- , and do n't forget to keep them in a garbage can OUTSIDE until garbage day or the smell will permeate in every square inch of your housei also recommend changing the bags often enough -LRB- although you do n't need to EVERY time if you want to save a few bucks -RRB- when the corners start to get a little worn or you can reinforce the edges with some heavy duty tapei highly recommend that you use a different tie to secure the fins that hold the bag , because the green twist tie is not sufficient and will break from all the swaying in the wind and will dump thousands of freshly impregnated beetles to lay many more thousands of eggs , wherever they land or fly off to after they escapedo n't forget a multi pronged attack of some kind of grub killer to get the babies to lower the population for next yeari hope it makes a dent in the population and i do n't have those brown spots next springsome fishing line -LRB- doubled or tripled up , just in case a piece gets sheared -RRB- or a thin piece of rope
 Weatherguard Greenhouse , 6x8 , #IS 62901I ordered two of the 6x12 and connected end-to-end for total 6x24 . Height , width and length more than ample for tomatoes , peppers , cukes , etc. . Almost anything that will vine . Steel frame easily supports hanging plants plus vines . Greenhouse construction depends on ropes and outer skin to hold it together . Probably okay in most cases , but , in rural central Texas , we average winds over 20 mph , which is why I wanted the greenhouse ... to protect plants . I added screws to each joint for safety plus attached steel frame to wood base and home made 36 '' anchors rope tied to upper frame for stability . Wind was over 45 mph last week and no problem . I 'd recommend the greenhouse as an economical solution for wind protection .
 initially i was worried that some parts might have gotten lost as the box it came in had a lot of damage by the time we received it . however , once we put everything together -LRB- it IS easier with two people -RRB- , we found that nothing was missing . we ended up bracing the greenhouse to the concrete in the backyard as lancaster , ca can get very , very windy . the instructions that came with the package was actually NOT for this particular size but , luckily , we figured it out . if not for the state of the box it came in -LRB- as well as the not-so-helpful instructions -RRB- , i would 've rated this product a `` 5 . ''
 -- Weatherguard 63012 8-by-12-Foot GreenhouseWeatherguard 63012 8-by-12-Foot Greenhouse11 out of 10 on this greenhouse . Amazing . Installed easy . Installed by myself -LRB- wished for help , had two ladders -RRB- . Followed the instructions to the letter . The manufacturers are genius . Everything fit perfect . 80 mile an hour winds as soon as it was set up . The wind picked it up and set it down 10 feet away with no damage to the greenhouse . Greenhouse remained assembled . The wind set it down on top of some lawn furniture . Pushed the greenhouse back into place -LRB- one side at a time -RRB- . Staked the greenhouse and it has withstood 50 mile an hour winds twice . Temperature plunged to 16 degrees . Wrapped citrus trees with frost blankets and the citrus are in fine shape -LRB- complete with blooms and fruit -RRB- . It has been below freezing for the last five -LRB- 5 -RRB- nights . Purchased the 6 by 12 foot greenhouse and , I wish the greenhouse was one foot wider and one foot taller . I had to prune some of the tree tops -LRB- ten trees -RRB- . For the amount of money spent on this greenhouse I can not say enough good things about it . I plan to add screws to the joints of the greenhouse in the spring to use with a shade cloth . I did not have to drag ten -LRB- 10 -RRB- trees inside my house . I love it .
 Two very handy men put this up today in less than four hours . Key was to organize all the parts in advance . This is not a difficult installation . The directions are basic . READ through them a couple of times . One just needs to use good common sense and visualize the end result , and then the directions make sense.With the Amazon PRIME account , I paid an extra eight dollars for next day delivery and sure enough , it arrived next day without a problem.CON
 Seem like all the parts and all concerned are of very good quality , from what I can tell so far.It is Feb and still very much Winter time here in Alaska , so have been laying it out as much as I have room for in my working shed . I like what I see so far as the quality of they parts.Also , Amazon had this to me in Alaska in 5 days and that should break a record for receiving anything here , I will be ordering again from Amazon , no company has come close to getting me anything here in that length of time . GREATI would Recommend this product at this point
 I ordered this item for my mother who has since passed away . She was very happy with this item as she really liked her Sonic Clean and she could not find replacement brushes anywhere else .
 I ordered this item and received it on November 23rd . I did my research because I had read complaints from other portable greenhouses that they were flimsy and difficult to put together . This shelf unit is all steel ... poles and shelves . The box weighed 30 lbs . so I knew it was n't plastic . It 's a great buy ! The plastic covering is great . Not a single problem . The item sits on my porch which gets a very strong side wind and I have n't had any problems with it . Other people who purchased similar products talked about having to purchase bricks to hold the unit down . Bricks are not needed with this unit . It is strong and stable and the plastic covering is high quality . I highly recommend this product .
 As I expand my home garden , I wanted to extend the harvest of some plants that do not tolerate frost . This greenhouse is perfect for me . It was easy to put together and can be easily moved around my backyard . It is very stable and does not tip in high winds , which we just had last week ! I ordered a second greenhouse after receiving this item because it is such a great value . I looked around and most other items similar to this greenhouse cost double the price ! I highly recommend this item .
 First off I agree with other reviewers , if you are putting this outside be prepared for it to tip over in a strong wind . I had read those reviews but thought this would be great for an unheated sunroom in our house . We live in northern Wisconsin and ca n't wait to start growing plants but the last freeze often happens in May . The sunroom while helping being unheated often gets a little dicey.So what we did was set this up in our sunroom so we have a greenhouse a greenhouse kind of . I put a couple digital thermometers with memory out , one in the sunroom and one in the greenhouse and tested for a couple days . The greenhouse when closed kept the temperature about 8-10 degrees warmer than the sunroom temp , given an outside low temp of 28 , the sunroom was down to the low 30 's the greenhouse low was 38 one night and 40 another.Hope this idea helps some of you .
 I bought one of these last spring in 2011 . It worked well for me and I am using it again this spring . The only problem I have with is that the plastic cover was not made well . It started ripping in the seams about midway through the summer . This year when I set it up , the plastic had cracked in a few places . I would like to see them make replacement covers for this model , and I can not find anything that fits .
 I bought two of these units after reading reviews of several other portable greenhouses . I put the units together myself in about 20 minutes for each . The stand itself is well made , shelves are attached . Though the plastic cover seems to be of fairly good quality I do n't expect them to last very long . The first day I put up the stand it fell down with just a little wind , even with the little anchors provided . It 's now on my patio against the wall and weighted down on the bottom shelf . Expect to not have use of the bottom shelf . It would help if these units were more wide than they are tall to add stability so as not be so top heavy . Overall , a good buy for the price .
 I used this greenhouse to start our garden plants this past spring . It worked really well . I used velcro strips on the shelves to attach grow lights . We did n't use the heat/seed mats , so when I felt it was getting a bit chilly inside , I 'd place a pan of boiling water on the lowest rack , and zipped up the cover . It seemed to provide enough heat and moisture to keep the plants growing . The plastic did rip away from the zipper in one section . I think it 's just a design flaw , and most likely not the best quality . However , this greenhouse did everything that I wanted , and the price seemed reasonable . -LRB- The only problem was starting seeds inside too soon :-D It 's nice to see things growing when it 's still cold , wet and grey outside !! -RRB-
 This portable green house arrived ontime and was easy to assemble . It is just what I wanted and works great .
 This is a great mini greenhouse especially if you live in an apt building like I do . This will keep my sub-temperate carnivorous plants in a safe dormant state until the spring when i plan on removing the cover for the season . Well built and easy to put together .
 You ca n't use it in Texas in the summer or fall or it will get so hot that it basically cooks whatever is inside . But . . that 's not really the intended use so I ca n't complain about that . The only issue I have with it is that it will blow over in a high wind which is a pain to clean up . Just be sure you have it weighted down on the bottom or somehow anchored against the wind .
 Bought as gifts for two gardeners and they did their starter plants in them this past spring ! Result
 What can i say ? I was n't blown away by the quality but i was n't disappointed either . i bought it to start some seeds in the spring . i have put it together which took a maybe 15 minutes with two people . Would be a little difficult to assemble on your own . I currently have it set up with some 3 gallon planters and indoor plants near a sliding glass door for light . it is very stable with two 3 gal and 1 gal on the top shelf . the cover has a zipper on each side and rolls up for access or warm days . the cover material seems durable but the zippers are the typical low grade plastic that i would n't expect to last very long . Except for windy conditions i would probably leave it unzipped anyway . Plastic caps on the feet so it wo n't mar your floor for inside use . overall a good buy .
 I bought these scissors for my Grandmother to use for quilting . She has a large collection of scissors , but the only smaller scissors that she had also had small handles . These scissors have the comfortable and easy to hold handles that you would expect on a large pair of shears , along with a delicate and sharp pair of blades.I would highly recommend these .
 These scissors are great for arthritic fingers . So easy to use and they cut great . I use them for quilting fabric . Snip Snip
 I highly recommend these scissors to everyone out there . I used them to cut precise details , and they worked with ease ! I love the big loop style as they fit in my hand with ease and the rubber grips adds that much more to the scissors . They are a MUST HAVE !
 These scissors are incredibly sharp and work great for doing small detailed cuts where precision is key ! I have been a fan of Fiskars scissors since I was a little girl and my mom would tell me not to touch her `` orange handled scissors '' . As an adult I can see why . There is no better scissor out there and this style is no exception .
 I work with leather that wraps around vehicle steering wheels . Working around small openings and work space , the very short and sharp blades work wonders making precise cuts . Precise cutting is easily accomplished by virtue of the `` big ears '' shape -LRB- to me anyway -RRB- sissor handles with even size to grasp rather then having to turn the sissors around to place the thumb in the smaller handle of conventional sissors .
 When I first saw how big the loop openings were I was a bit skeptical , as I have small hands . But when I used them to cut paper and fabric , I was extremely satisfied at how easy the mechanism opened and closed in my hand . This is a great pair of scissors if you have arthritis or other hand ailments , as the closing glides very easily . The intricate cuts works just as nice on paper and fabric.Nice job Fiskars !
 On my blog , which you can find by searching for `` aibento '' , I have done a lot of precision nori cutting to do character bentos , the most popular of which are my LOST bentos with faces of the characters cut out . This is the scissors I use for all my cutting and it is absolutely fantastic . I 've used it for years and it 's still just as sharp as it was before . The tip lets you easily make the tiniest cuts needed .
 For anyone who loves applique , these are absolutely the best sissors ever . The tip is small enough and sharp enough to get into even the smallest spaces and to get a really close cut . Where most sissors sold for applique have tiny finger holes , the Fiskars have handles large enough to fit your whole hand and have razor sharp blades . I have just purchased my second pair - I simply could not applique without them . These are the ONLY sissors I 've found that give me the result I 'm looking for .
 We make a lot of felt banners for our church , and we often have to cut intricate designs and details . These scissors are extremely sharp with a point that penetrates fabric very easily . The large handles really allow precise control , and you 'll notice very little fatigue . These are highly recommended , and I only wish they came with a carrying case to help protect the tip , and protect yourself .
 Just love these scissors . They were recommended by a well known Australian quiltmaker as an essential tool for cutting fine shapes . I couldnt find them anywhere in Australia and apparently they are not available here anymore so I bought them through Amazon along with Fiskar Rotary Cutter blades which are the best I have ever used too .
 I am using these scissors for making a tie blanket for my daughter . These are cutting so nice and it snipping through the material like butter . Very smooth and easy to handle . These are very nice for cutting through fabric .
 Had a lot of snipping to do this product was fit for the task ! I was concerned about the price but it was well made .
 Fiskar makes good quality products and these scissors are great . The soft grip is really helpful for arthritic hands.I 'm happy with the purchase .
 I really like these . They 're extremely sharp and with their small tips are perfect for snipping through the backing of any long pile fake fur I use in stuffed toy-making without cutting into the fur itself . I also really like the handle size for having such small tips . It 's more comfortable to grip and it 's a lot harder to lose them .
 As an avid crafter , I have dozens of pairs of scissors . These are my favorite for cutting paper , cardstock and fabric . They have small , sharp , precise blades , and the very comfortable handles which I appreciate since I have arthritis in my hands . I often use the scissors for more than an hour at a time , and there is much less hand-fatigue with these Fiskars than any other scissors I 've used . They have a similar shape the the Tim Holtz Tonic scissors -LSB- ASIN : B0013JNERS Tonic Studios Tim Holtz 817 Kushgrip Non Stick Micro Serrated Snips -RSB- , but I find the blades of the Fiskars to be sharper and easier to open and close . The Tonic snips are good for cutting thicker , tough things -LRB- even metal -RRB- , but I use the Fiskars for almost everything else.I 've been using these scissors almost every day for the past 10 months , and the blades are still as sharp as when I received it . Ordered a second pair so that I will always have a pair handy.Pros
 I rate these scissors 8 on a 1-10 scale . I have large hands and the unique handles are very comfortable . The blades are sharp and clip the finest materials easily and cleanly . They lose the two points because the tips are disproportionately thick for their size limiting their use in confined spaces .
 These scissors are sharp , which is what I needed . They work great ! I use them for fabric and ribbon cutting and it works well .
 A great tip on these scissors makes getting to those tiny places that need a snip simple . Unlike similar small scissors the grip is full size and comfortable . Hubby kept latching onto mine so I ordered another one .
 These are excellent scissors for cutting out intricate shapes , for people over 50 years of age , they were promptly delivered and a very reasonable price .
 I can understand how frustrated some of the previous reviewers are about this product , but it truly depends on the species of ants , of which there are thousands . I am an American expatriate , living in Cairo , Egypt , and this product is the ONLY one that works on the smallest ants that infest our homes and apartments . These are tiny little things that you can hardly see , especially on granite counter tops and they pack a huge sting to which I react badly . -LRB- They are about the size of the , `` sugar '' or `` piss '' ants of southern America . -RRB- The minute I find them , I put out two or three of the baits in the area from which they are streaming in and within two or three days , the poisons have killed them all . You can actually watch the ants carrying the bait back to their nest . That said , we also have a medium sized ant species which totally ignores these baits , but at least they do n't sting !
 I had fire ants coming out of an electrical outlet in my kitchen . I bought these and put out all four of them on the kitchen counter , flush with the wall -LRB- did n't use that side of the counter for food until the problem was solved -RRB- . I did n't actually see that many ants going in or out of the bait stations -- just a few . Many seemed to ignore the bait . But I trusted the system , and within 2-3 days , all the ants were completely gone . So maybe they went in there when I was n't looking , or maybe just a few shared with their friends or brought enough poison back home to kill the rest . This worked wonderfully for me , and I 'd buy it again in a heartbeat . -LRB- Hope I do n't need to , though ! -RRB-
 This product is a complete godsend in our house . We bought a new house last month and twice since we 've had sudden infestations/steams of tiny ants that appeared from nowhere -- first in the kitchen and then in the bathroom . Each time we used these baits and they killed the ants literally while we watched . The ants have n't come back in either spot . I ca n't explain the other reviews . One reviewer said s/he thought their effectiveness depended on the species of ant , and s/he also had used them successfully on tiny ones like ours . Maybe that 's the only kind they work on . But WOW -- for streams of tiny ants they have been fantastic .
 I was worried after seeing so many terrible reviews that the Raid traps I just bought would n't work -LRB- as my ant problem was rapidly getting worse -RRB- . I agree that , out of the box , the traps do n't encourage the ants to enter and `` feed '' from them.The trick is , you have to cut open the trap , remove the bait and smear it onto a flat piece of paper -LRB- hopefully you do n't have pets or children that can get into it -RRB- , but after I did this the paper was swarming within minutes and just one day later - No ants !
 its important to note that this unit does not have electric start . this one you have to light with a match/lighter . that being said , i would recommend this as an option for anyone looking for heat without the worry of fumes . i used this to heat an apartment without other utilities . it was a must have ! obviously follow manufactures directions and observe safety precautions . i would generally get 5-7 hours of heat out of one cannister .
 This heater starts easy with a a match or lighter . It is very quiet , produces heat quickly , and the heater is light and easy to move around . It is great for heating a tent or a cold bathroom . I do n't think this model is in production anymore , The replacement models are giant pieces of bulky plastic , big , ugly , and bulky . I am very pleased with this item , it really takes the chill out .
 This is certainly the correct one for the lawn mower ! If your mower requires this spark plug , buy it . Of course , there may be some other kinds of motorized vehicles that require a spark plug like this . Just refer to the product specifications section in your owner 's manual , and before you know it , you will be on your way to buying the proper auto part . As long as the word Champion is on the package , it should be the right spark plug for you .
 I am More than happy with this purchase , great seller , awsome product , fast delivery , easy transaction what can I say TOP rated seller in my opinion :D , will defenetly make more purchases from this seller .
 I have been using this scissor for many years . It is ideal for cutting curved lines on paper projects . Ca n't imagine being without it and am buying a 2nd -LRB- just in case -RRB- .
 As most sewers I often get a bird 's nests of thread under the fabric between the bobbin , feed dogs and top thread . I use them to free the fabric by cutting through the bird 's nest and then using them to clean up the mess to resew .
 We are a very pleased with our new clock . It has a beautiful finish and looks perfect on our mantel . The bell is a little soft for me , ca n't really be heard much beyond the living room - but my wife thinks it 's just right ! It 's relatively large . I had difficulty finding a proper mount for it . One that is offered to fit is elaborate and expensive . I eventually bought a simple one from Moore and had it re-cut to size . I lined the mount with felt , then had to cut some away , as it covered the sounding holes . A bit of work , but the result is just fine !
 I bought these scissors on the recommendation of my mother -LRB- a lifetime crafter -RRB- and the reviews here . Mom says these are premium scissors and you wo n't get more bang for your buck than Fiskars , and boy was she right ! These are by far the best pinking shears there are . They are well worth the extra cost to get a high quality product . I use mine on 1-2 inch wide ribbons and fabric . The cuts are very precise and all edges are clean . The tooth size on this is what I would call a `` medium '' size , which is perfect for ribbons , or much like the edges of your childhood ribbon awards . I would not recommend using these on paper or cardboard -- this will ruin them for fabric . Get a separate set for your scrapbooking and other crafty needs . If used correctly , you can easily savor the clean , sharp precise cutting edges for many years . It 's easy for me to give these pinking shears 5 stars , and I think you will as well !
 I am in love with my new Fiskars Softgrip Pinking Shears ! Although they are not pink , they make the job of cutting fabrics -- even knits -- easy and effortless . As I person with mild arthritis in my hands , I strongly recommend these to anyone .
 Very nice . Easy to handle much more so then the older versions . Made a great present .
 I purchased these shears because of their brand name . I 'm totally sold on Fiskars products because of their balance of quality / price . I have n't used these shears , yet , but I tried them out on a scrap textured denim - they cut thru it almost like butter with a nice , clean cut . I have arthritic hands , so ease of use is extremely important to me , and I 'll have no problem using these .
 Very pleased with the quality and performance of these pinking shears . Plus , the price is quite reasonable compared with others I looked at in specialty stores .
 I love these pinking shears , they do n't hurt your hands .
 sharp scissors , great for cutting fabrics , love the grip - does n't hurt your hands like others .
 These pinking shears work great . They easily cut through layers of cotton fabric , vinyl and rayon knits . I love how soft the handles are . Worth the extra $ 4 for the softgrip handles . I have another pair of pinking shears without the softgrip handles and I do n't think I will ever use those again !
 I had a pair of these for many years that I was well pleased with . This will be the second pair that I have owned .
 I looked everywhere for new pinking shears to work with several yards of silky material for curtains . Searching Amazon I thought the Softgrip made perfect sense . Wow , I had not one issue with my hands after working with these for several hours . Great product !
 The softgrip really does make trimming with my Fiskars Pinking Shears comfortable . They work really well , I will purchase Fiskars Softgrip regular scissors soon .
 always wanted a pair . I have always had good luck with Fiskars . I have arthritis and these are easy for me to use .
 This crafting product was a sewing gift . I have heard great reviews , and am very pleased with making this purchase .
 The quality is fantastic and the cuts are very precise . They are also very comfortable and easy on the hand .
 These are great shears - they have just the right amount of cushioning to keep my hands comfortable . Highly recommend these
 Holy Moly , these things cut like `` Butta '' . I am new to sewing and WOW ! It make cutting fabric so easy ! Today , LMM , tomorrow , Martha Stewart !
 These are my first new pinking shears in years . I love them . The grips are comfortable to use and the blades are sharp .
 I 'm not a person who can sew , but use these for other craft project . I guess you could say I am sewing impaired ! Nice grip , and wonderful to work with . Arrived very quickly , and were just what I needed .
 Gave this as a birthday gift to a good friend who sews a lot . She was very pleased , especially knowing the Fiskars brand 's record of quality , long-enduring products .
 I bought this shovel to replace two snow shovels that I have been using for the past couple years . This is a fantastic replacement . It is a little heavier than the standard snow shovel , but can carry two to three times the load and scrapes the sidewalk clean . The only reason I marked it down to a 4 is because I noticed a little rust on it already . So if you buy this shovel make sure you keep it inside a garage or shed after you are done using it .
 I 'm not sure what the last reviewer was using these scissors for , but I have been using mine regularly for several years with no problems at all . They are well-made and very solid , and cut the cutest scallop . They are perfect for giving felt projects a nice edge . Like any good fabric scissors , you must ONLY use them for cutting fabric . Even cutting paper will have a negative effect on the sharpness of any scissor .
 This is just a great little beading snip . Small , very comfortable to use , and cuts easily and cleanly . Has the feel of a good quality tool .
 I disagree with the other reviewers , If you read the directions it will work . I have tried many many products -LRB- traps , pellets , worms , etc -RRB- none have worked to my liking . Traps will work but with kids and dogs I like to steer clear of them . Not to mention killing the mole and disposing of it.This is a repellant , its not designed to kill them.As for the spray itself-When hooking this up to your hose it lasts quite a while . I have a small city lot 1/4 acre and this lasted 5 applications . I do a couple treatments per year spring and fall.I also have 2 dogs and this does n't affect them in anyway which is a huge plus.For best results I would apply it to a moist lawn , I learned this is a more affective approach and the product will soak into the ground a lot quicker .
 I use this on my 24 '' Fiskars rotary paper trimmer . It cuts clean and is so much nicer to use than scallop scissors .
 this does the job ! but i warn you to be careful as i sliced my thumb open and it hurt like * ell !!! So please please be careful when using these items ! and keep them away from children !
 I was looking for a little bigger scallop design and this one is a smaller scallop so if you are looking for a smaller scallop this one is perfect . Works well , just wish the scallop was a little larger .
 This blade works well on fabric , even though the packaging from the manufacturer states this blade is intended for cutting paper . Your item description states this is for fabric , paper and many other uses . Fortunately the blade does cut fabric resulting in a clean beautiful scallop finish . This purchase seems to be exactly what I was looking for after all .
 The Fiskars scallop blade for the rotary cutter does just what it is made to do . It is well made and makes creating scalloped edges quick and easy for anyone who has the rotary cutter .
 This product was exactly what I was looking for , a small scallop . Though the packaging says `` for paper only , '' it works great on felt , double layered too .
 I use rotary blades for decorative cuts used in art quilts . I own both Fiskars and Olfa cutters , as well as several blades for each as I needed a variety of cuts of my artwork . All rotary cutters are used on quilt quality cotton fabrics.Both Fiskars and Olfa provide a high quality rotary cutter , but Olfa appears to require slightly less pressure to create a clean cut . I would attribute it to the sharpness of the blade and possible to the shape of the handle of the cutter itself.I re-sharpen my straight edge rotary blades , however with pinking blades you have to buy new ones as they become dull . A new sharp blade makes work easier !
 I love these blades in the sewing room since cutting with actual pinking shears is slow and painful . These blades make it easy!I also use these blades in the kitchen when making pies . I clean up my rotary cutter to get all the sewing bits off and to sterilize it for use in the kitchen . Then , I use this wavy blade to cut my pie pastry for the classic lattice crust on my cherry pies . Lots of compliments for very little work.Great price on this versatile blade .
 this does the job ! but i warn you to be careful as i sliced my thumb open and it hurt like * ell !!! So please please be careful when using these items ! and keep them away from children !
 and it perectly fits my older -LRB- from early 1990 's ! -RRB- Fiskars Rotary Cutter , 45mm . It was pretty easy to change the regular blade to this pinking blade because I followed the instructions on the original box that I had kept . The blade box also had illustrated directions on the back .
 Works fine and she is very happy with it and ... . ME ! She is quilting me a civil War quilt that the shaped material helps add a Raggy look to
 love this rotary blade please start carrying different styles.would recommend this product to anyone great great great great great
 I was unable to get this blade at my locale fabric store but got it with Amazon . Delivery was fast and the product makes the job go quick . The blade is sharp and does n't pull your material . Love it & recommend it .
 i have n't used this yet , but it is just what i was looking for and could not find out in the marketplace
 First of all , for the $ 3 i payed for it , I ca n't really complain about anything.I bought the flag to put on my wall , and it does that perfectly.There are 2 holes on one side of it that you can attach to whatever you like.The material is pretty cheap , but I had no need to touch it all the time , and It is sitting in a closed room , so it there are n't any elements to wear it down.If you want to put the flag on a small pole or something like that , it might be better to look for one with a sleeve on the side .
 big enough to reach above my pillow hanging from the ceiling ... everyone should have an Israel flag in their house ... '' '' '' ' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' ' '' '' ' '' ''
 It 's an honor to have this flag ! It 's material is great & the length is perfect . It arrived days earlier than it was estimated to arrive . I will definitely be purchasing from BC Novelties again !
 I purchased the flag for a friend who wished to use it indoors . The flag arrived a bit later than other products ordered on the same day but within the specified delivery date highlighted on order placement . I noticed from outside the plastic covering the flag that it seemed a bit thin . I asked my friend , for whom , this flag was intended , to give me his critique ; and he has not given me any complaints . The flag matches the purpose for it was intended - to be used indoors .
 WELL WORTH THE MONEY.I HAVE BOUGHT TWO ONE FOR YARD ONE FOR CHURCH YARD AND THEY DO GREAT IN WEATHER.LOVE THIS WILL BUY AGAIN .
 I bought this , so I can put it up on one of my bedroom walls in my apartment . Good price , does the job .
 Once again another fine quality flag for the price and size . You will not be disappointed with the Isreal National Flag . Put it on proud display along with your Christian Flag .
 The flag is a little flimsy and see-through , but at this price it is still quite good . The printing is bold and highly-visible on both sides . The light weight will help it fly in the wind . The header and grommets are very light and I doubt this flag would stand up to very windy conditions for long . But for occasional outdoor display or long-term indoor display , it is excellent .
 This is a great counterwweight to the increasingly anti-semitic sentiment found among the liberal biased apologists on the average American college campus . South Florida may have a large Jewish population , but North Florida largely lacks the same demographic . It also is starting to lose the Southern demographic in favor of the Berkley-esque `` progressive '' . So , I bought this flag to remind myself and fellow decent human beings on campus of values and ideals that really matter in a nation that is ostracizing its closest would-be friends in favor of new wave political correctness .
 The flag of Israel even more than I expected for the Price , Go Amazon , keep it up Guys ! I 'll be back .
 I am happy with delivery time . I collect flags and I can say , it could be better quality , but could be worse as well . Can I recommend it ? Well , I can , unless you have a chance to go to shop and see the flag you want to buy
 A bit bigger than imagined , but very suitable for the purpose of being wall decoration . The colors are very pretty .
 This flag of the Jewish state is of high quality and the vibrant blue color helps to showcase the star symbol of Judaism .
 Good flag . Slightly see-thru , but if that 's a problem , you probably want a cotton flag .
 The flag quality was only so-so , but the vendor was greatmy original flag was `` lost '' in the mail , so vendor immediately sent out a replacement no questions askedI received them both at the same time as the post office delayed the first oneI asked vendor if he needed the original one shipped back and he was kind enough to allow me to keep bothnice touch!good businessman
 Very good quality polyester , not too glossy and it looks great!If you want a flag to fly outside , I would recommend a more sturdy one though .
 awesome flag . silky smooth material , currently using it as a door . two ring holes for flag pole , flag is the only thing that is delievered , as described .
 I like the flag but was very disapointed with the twenty plus dollars postage you charged me for a 3 Oz . flag .
 Hangs out nicely and soft fabric . I live by a school and I could hear many talking about it . Lovely flag and great service !
 This is n't the best made flag Ive owned but for the 6 bucks I paid for it I can put one up each year , and I do . This is the second one I purchased in two years and it stays outside all year round . It 's a get it !
 I use this blade for card making and scrapbooking . It is great for adding a different edge on your card or for a different border when scrapbooking ! Highly recommend if you are looking for a new blade !
 Love these Fiskar blades . These are great blades for making decorative edges on art2mail items .
 I 'm really pleased with this greenhouse . It was pretty easy to assemble but I 'm glad I read other reviews to know it 's just a tad challenging to get the poles in -LRB- just a very tight fit -RRB- . There are also little pockets that the end of the poles fit into and they were a little difficult to find -LRB- tucked into the inside seams -RRB- . Very attractive and easy to move.Very good product .
 I have the 72 '' x 72 '' and am ordering the 60 '' x 60 '' as it is really great . Am growing green peppers to full size on the Oregon coast . Mostly easy to set up -LRB- it is a tight fit to put the poles in place -RRB- and once set up is very stable . We had a late high wind and rain storm , and it did n't move an inch . Really can recommend this product .
 This was by far the best purchase I have made in a while ! We recently moved -LRB- couple years ago -RRB- and the first winter , ALL my plants died . My husband said he would build me a greenhouse . Ya , that didnt happen . So I bought this pop up as a `` till I get my `` Real One '' built '' . Well I love it , although , it filled up fast ! My family came over for the holidays and fell in love with . Now Im making 3 more orders for them ! Its so easy to put up , I can do it by myself .
 Bought this for my Aunt for christmas because Deer kept eating her veggie garden . Since then it has been through some thunderstorms and strong winds and it has stayed up , and most of all my aunt is happy with it .
 This greenhouse was a gift for my husband - the gardener in the family . We live in a first floor condo and our entire patio is his garden using earth boxes and other planters . The greenhouse was easy to put up - together we had it fully set up in under 15 minutes . It has held up well through winds gusting to 50 m.p.h. , rain and frost . We have n't had a freeze yet . We do n't intend to keep it up all winter , just far enough into the season to harvest a full fall crop of sugar snap peas and lettuce . So far we are delighted with this greenhouse and would recommend it to others .
 Really neat enclosure that is perfect for growing plants indoors . I put one of these in a basement room with a grow light and a fan , and , hopefully ... Winter veggies.The Good
 I purchased this to help winter my flowers and not have the garage taken up by my plants . I love it ! I should 've ordered a bigger size because I have some rather large flower pots . However , this is doing a great job and maybe I 'll upgrade next year .
 this is an excellent product . Just a little more difficult to put together than a backpacking tent . In use , it holds heat quite well and lets in plenty of light .
 I bought this greenhouse as a gift for my father as he is a year-round gardener and always wants to get a jump on his spring tomatoes . He keeps it set up for starting seedlings and moving plants in for cool weather cover . This greenhouse is very easy to set up . I recommend this product .
 I put this greenhouse up by myself , with only a tiny bit of help from my five year old son , in less than an hour . I am not normally a handy person , so you can be assured that it is a simple process . I only needed my son to help hold it down -LRB- it was very windy ! -RRB- and to hold the instructions.The roof poles were very tight to get in . The only way I was able to do it was to un-do one section of the pole , put the ends in the pockets , and then put the poles back together . -LRB- They are like tent-poles , only more sturdy . -RRB- It was SUPER windy last night , but the greenhouse held up great . There are twelve stakes around the perimeter of the tent , and four tie-downs . -LRB- Strangely , though , we only had stakes enough for two tie downs . so we made our own for the other two . -RRB- It is located right outside our bedroom window and even though the window was open I never heard it flapping around or anything . I 'm very confident that it will hold up to our windy weather here on the prairie!It 's only been up one day , but so far , I 'm very happy with it . : -RRB-
 I have only had this greenhouse up for a week now , but my initial impression is that it seems to be made of good quality materials . The zippers are large and sturdy . They provided 12 very large grounding steaks to steak the unit down . Assembly was simple ; It took only 10 minutes to unbox and fully assemble . They even provide a storage bag to store the greenhouse when not in use.I am using this greenhouse to winter-over three large hybiscus and one small Manderin . The last couple days have been extremely windy and all seems well so far . Tomorrow the overnight temperature is suppose to drop to 28 degrees and I will see how it does . I will provide an update this spring when I take it down and comment on durability , etc. . . So far , I am extremely happy for the size , workmanship , and value , so 5 stars .
 This green house was relatively easy to setup , although I did require my wife 's help to get the interior poles set correctly . The zippered door and window operated as advertised with no issues for the first two months of use . I obviously can not speak to the durability as I am only in the first two months of operation . It is a great kit with poles , stakes , greenhouse and carrying case . The poles pop open to their full length quite easily similar to most modern tents . The extra 5 poles serve to give the greenhouse extra stability for the walls -LRB- 4 -RRB- and roof -LRB- 1 -RRB- . The greenhouse itself has sewn in flexible `` poles '' that allow it to pop open similar to those pop open windshield covers that you might have for your car . The stakes are great for anchoring to the ground and the sewn in loops give you the ability to add tie down ropes for needed extra security for windy days or storms . Overall , a well designed portable greenhouse for seasonal use .
 Originally purchased it for some `` theraputic `` reasons . Fits a chair and footstool perfectly ! On a sunny but cold Feb or March day in Minnesota ... it became my mini-three-season-porch ! Sets up in minutes and warms up beautifully ... zipper vents if you need them ! Good bye SAD!And this year , it saved my `` tropicals '' that I had set out early ... from some late-coming frosts.Folds up and away when I 'm finished using it . Takes up very little space.Do NOT expect to leave it up all season !!!! It was not made to be a permanent structure !!! UV resistant it is not!For uses like I have explained above , it will last for years !!! Love it in Minnesota !
 This greenhouse was easy to set up with two people . Quality is very good . I like the fact that it has a carrying case for storage . This has helped greatly with eliminating the need to move heavy potted plants every time there is a possibility of a freeze .
 It needs to be stiffer and less like a tall plastic pup tent , but all in all it shines as a cute cold weather storage and plant shelter .
 It is definitely worth the money . Love it !! The zipper is a little tight , but if you pull the wall toward the zipper it will zip fine.Would definitely order again .
 Super easy to put up . Has nice seams and zippers . Appears to be pretty good quality . I put this up against a window so it helps heat the house . We love it . Additional comment
 I wished I learned about the existence of such a product sooner . I have two of these set up now , each over a young fruit tree in the ground that was covered in fabric frost covers for the winter -LRB- ugly ! -RRB- The plant house really does a good job keeping the air moist and warm , and it looks nice . My neighbor only sees part of the dome peaking over the fence line.Since there 's plenty of space inside mine , I moved a few container veggies in as well and they are doing fabulous . I 'll probably keep mine up year round to protect the subtropical trees and grow tomatoes in the winter months.Similar to the other reviewers , they are pretty easy to assemble but a but the poles are a tight fit . I only used about half the anchors supplied to secure the plant house . I have n't needed to use the ties .
 The pop up green house was easy to set up and move into place . The stiffening rods and tie-downs make it sturdy . We are eating tomatoes for the first time in the winter in the Phoenix area . Seems to be a good value . We have n't tried to fold it back up yet which we will do for the summer .
 I 've been considering buying a pop-up or portable type greenhouse for two years now , but kept deciding not to because of the reviews saying that they tend not to last more than a year or two due to UV damage . I was researching the option of UV protectant sprays -LRB- which might help if reapplied on a certain schedule -RRB- and came across a greenhouse shade cloth specifically for this problem which is apparently common with all types of greenhouses . The material is a special type of knit available in different colors and currently only $ 3.50 per foot for 12ft wide fabric and $ 5.50 for 20ft wide fabric , and you just need to cover the roof . They also sell special ties to secure it on . I looked at their Flower Houses and currently are offering a free custom shade cover with purchase . They are located at `` littegreenhouse '' dot-com . I do n't have any association with this company , but now I 'm feeling more confident about purchasing one of these collapsible greenhouses which I would like to last at least 5 years for the money . I have not purchased the Flowerhouse yet so can not comment on it , but gave it 4 stars to avoid skewing the ratings .
 Let 's be honest . This is not a thousand dollar smoker.It 's meant for and functions for the casual enthusiast.Workmanship / Craftsmanship/Design - Slight mis-alignment on welds for leg attachments . Could not fully tighten three of the eight leg fasteners . - Although I like the aspect of not being able to fully close the dampers , the fastener design could be much , much better . Tightening the nuts too tightly makes the dampers unusable ... too loosely , and nuts drop off into the charcoal.Usability - The biggest complaint I 've seen of smokers in this class is the firebox 's clogging with ash.In the case of the Smoke Hollow smoker , the fire box has a raised grate to allow ash to drop through.Granted , space restraints do n't allow for much of an ash storage volume , but I was able to cook two 10-pound pork shoulders with three full chimney loads of charcoal and two 10-inch x 2-inch hickory logs without a problem.I compare this to my old barrel smoker where I never could maintain good temps because of ash.OverallDespite some workmanship and design flaws , I 'd recommend this smoker to anyone ... novice or experienced .
 I 've had one for over 10 years . The best thing is it is light and handy . It has two shortcomings , already listed in other reviews . It is a bit underpowered , and it can jam on small twigs . I solved the first problem by inserting a 9.6 V battery in place of the 7.2 V. Yeah , it sticks out the back a little , but it works great . The second problem is caused by the gap between the overlapping blades being to big . I took my blades apart and ground down the blade spacers a bit , and now it never jams . I can now whack through 1/2 &#34; limbs with ease . Best hedge trimmer ever , after a few tweaks .
 Bought this for my out-of-state daughter , who had just had her second child , so she could sit outside with the baby and watch her 3 year old . She loves it . It looks great even after 6 months , and is sturdy and comfortable . I would definitely purchase this item again .
 My sister , who has a black/white cat , is pleased with the black/white cat wind chime .
 The flag is perfect for what I needed it for , and the quality seems to be better than I expected it to be . I would purchase this product again .
 I love my US Navy Flag . My dearest daughter is serving in the Air Division , and we are most proud !
 Appreciate this and the other flags received - especially appreciate those for which it represents .
 The Navy flag is colorful and durable . It looks much better than on the picture.Rain and strong winds have not affected the looks.It was a very meaningful and affordable gift to a Veteran.Delivery was fast and packaging -LRB- envelope -RRB- was more than appropriate .
 This came remarkably fast and is a good quality flag . Great price too . If you 're looking to support the military -LRB- the navy specifically -RRB- or are in the Navy and want to show your pride , get it .
 I 've been wanting to get a Navy Flag , and when I saw this price , I could n't pass it up . My sister being in the Navy , I really wanted one , so now I have it and can proudly hang it outside for all to see . This is a great price , and looks great too !
 Arrived sooner than expected in the promised condition . I am pleased with the flag .
 It 's a nice flag . Colors look good , graphics are good on it too . I 'd recommend it to anyone . I like it .
 Perfect price , perfect for indoor , perfect for my son 's walls ! huah!Not tough enough for long term outdoor use two more words
 Served its ' purpose . No complaints with service or product . = = = = = = = = = = =
 this is a Sturdy & Well Made flag of the United States Navy . It has all of the features you expect in a quality flag and is exactly as described by the manufacturer/seller . Good quality and true to Navy standards .
 I am happy to have found this flag on Amazon verses anywhere else . It was at an excellent price and is the same quality of the flag that I usually pay $ 35 - $ 40 for . They do n't really last long , but for this price it 's worth the money I paid for to have it hanging on my flag pole .
 very happy with product it came as described and was here quickly , will definitely buy more flags next time i get a chance
 A squid flag for a squid . It looks to be a fine replica of a Navy flag . Came when they said it should
 I purchased this flag and received it within 5 days . I am very pleased with it . It 's not heavy , but it 's dark enough to not be able to see thru it . I will continue to purchase future flags here , ca n't beat the price or how quick it comes . Thanks
 The item was accurately advertised and it was shipped very efficiently . It is very cheap in both price and quality . It is very thin material and you can see through it easily . But for -LSB- ... -RSB- , it is great .
 Appreciate this and the other flags received - especially appreciate those for which it represents .
 I got these on sale for a steal and whatever they charge for them retail is still well worth them , they wrap around your eyes are comfortable to wear and though I havent had any incidents with them yet Im sure they 'll do great .
 I bought these for eye safety in low-light climbing and search-and-rescue operations . They 're very good in those applications.Like most plastic-lensed glasses , it takes a little more effort to clean them .
 By far the most comfortable pair of safety glasses that I have purchased . I work in a factory and wear safety glasses for 8-10 hours a day . These are so lightweight that you hardly realize that you are wearing them .
 Have been using the smoke ones as `` work '' sunglasses for a couple of years because they are so comfortable and inexpensive . Bought these ones to use around the yard . A killer deal for the money .
 My son wanted an expensive metal detector and saving his money to buy one . He expected it to cost about $ 100 . I ordered this one and was worried about how well it would actually work . It works great . We are all impressed . My son has found alot of coins in the yard and nails and screws around the garage . Handy ! When he passes it over the right spot , the alarm sounds and he knows where to dig . I 'm not too happy about the holes but he is having a great time .
 I originally bought this with my 11-year-old niece in mind , but as it turned out , it was a real hit with her 6-year-old sister . We took it to the playground and we took turns swinging it back and forth and within about 30 minutes had found some tinfoil , a bottlecap , a penny , and a nail . She had a blast . My 5-year-old daughter enjoys figuring out what 's metal inside the house , too , and then swings the detector near it to see if she 's right . I think it has great educational value.I know it 's just a toy , but I do wish it had a better range . The booklet that it comes with claims it will detect a ring at about 1 '' , but I have my doubts . The bottlecap and penny were buried about 1/2 '' underground , and I only got a small beep when I passed over them . And they are solid!As for durability , it really remains to be seen as I 've only had it a couple of weeks . So far the battery life does n't seem to be anything to worry about . We 've had it on for probably close to 3 hours and it is still working . An auto-off feature would be a nice improvement , though , because the younger kids never remember to turn it off.One other note
 When we got this metal detector , we figured it would n't work to well , since it -LSB- cost very little -RSB- . We were wrong ! We went around with it for about 5 minutes and in that short time we found coins , wrappers , and even a peice from a necklace that has been lost for 3 years ! I highly recommend this product to anyone with children who want to have fun for a small price .
 When we got this metal detector through the mail it was in perfect condition and worked perfectly ! We got it for our son for his 7th birthday . Whether it 's nuts , bolts , or even tin foil this detector really find just about anything . It detects about 5 '' in depth . It was great for our little treasure hunter ! He loves it and is thrilled finding his treasures ! Thanks amazon and toys-r-us !!! 5 stars all the way !!!!!
 We purcheased this item for my son for his 5th birthday . Works great everywhere . It has been used at the beach , in the backyard , and even in the house . He has n't found anything valuable yet but he does n't care . Finding those old buried nails in the backyard was just fine with him -LRB- they were buried pretty deep too . -RRB- . He never forgets it and is always playing with it . He pretends he 's Bob the builder looking for buried cable . Then he 's a pirate looking for buried treasure . He 's even been a spy-explorer . The best part is he actually finds things . It has also come in handy when I dropped an earring in the backyard . I would recommend this for the adventurer in your home .
 We got this metal detector through this website . It came without any damage and works perfectly . We got it for our sons 7th birthday and he loves it . Whether it 's nuts , bolts , drill bits or tin foil he still calls it treasure because he found it . So far we figured out that it detects about 5 '' in depth , believe it or not . I have even used it and I even love it!LOL ! This is a great investment for a child that is really curious about treasure and adventure . Great for the price !!! Highly recomended for children between 5 through 12 . Five Stars all the way !!! Thanks toys-r-us and amazon !!!!
 This is the best buy I found at Christmas . My son loves exploring with his metal detector . It 's sensitive , sturdy , fun , and did n't cost much -- a great purchase ! He 's thrilled -- I 'm thrilled !
 What do you get in a metal detector for -LSB- ... -RSB- ? Actually , you get a pretty good little piece of equipment ; but do n't assume that it 'll take the place of a full sized , more expensive metal detector . However , this will definitely do for kids ages six and up.The metal detector takes one 9 volt alkaline battery , extends to about four and a half feet long , and can do the basics
 My contractor buried one of my sprinkler heads last year when he put in my patio . I finally decided to find it but did n't want to dig up 50 square feet to locate it . So I went to sears to buy a $ 150 detector but they only sell it online . Online means amazon to me . After reading the positive reviews I thought , Why not pop for this toy for twenty bucks ? It came in two days . I went out to the back yard and yes , I found the head in 10 minutes . One little beep was all I needed . Now I 'm putting it away for my granddaughter to use when she gets a bit bigger . Or until another dumb contractor buries something I need in my back yard . Hey wait , I 'm going to the beach on Sunday . Hmm , maybe I 'll find a rolex watch ...
 I bought this as a birthday gift for a friends 6 year old daughter and it is a hit . Her and her3 1/2 year old brother can not get enough of it . I was told this was the best birthday gift she got at her party .
 I always wanted a metaldetector and I finally got it . I found some coin.but most of all I found a button or a medal wow .
 Our grandchildren look forward to coming and finding treasure with the metal detector . We hide metal objects under carpets and other items and let them have fun .
 I think this is an awesome toy . It is very fun scanning the detector over the lawn and seeing if you get a beep . It seems that if you are trying to find something that you see , it wo n't find that , but will find a 22-shell three inches under the grass . I think the durability could use work , especially since it stops working if the battery is shaken the wrong way . Overall , it is very fun to see if you can find something valuable , and having an excavation project to find things .
 This detector was bought for my 5 year old son . I always wanted one as a kid and hoped this would be a good starter detector . The product is a solid design and nice weight for kids . The tube is adjustable for the height of the person using it and the coil at the bottom adjusts as well . The detector function could be a little strong . Really , the only thing we can find with this detector is heavy iron metals like nails and staples and scrap metal.We did a test in the house and it was able to find an assortment of coins under a couple of blankets and other stuff , but when we go outside , it was unable to find a quarter in the grass . It does have an adjustable detector setting , but this detector is not top quality , obviously . I recommend this product to anyone wanting to spark an interest or as a stepping stone to a better metal detector .
 We go to the outer banks every year with 3 other families . Got this for my &#34; tween &#34; nephew to give him something to do while all of the girls are laying out !
 I bought this for my daugther . She does enjoy this . I 'm not totaly sold , but she uses it . For a first timer who just wants to use for fun then go for it .
 My nephew loves finding treasures with this metal detector . His mom loves that he is going outside rather than begging to play video games so it was a great buy in my opinion .
 Much nicer than a downspout and does the job . It does splash a bit , not all the water goes straight down , but I do n't see a problem with that .
 I love my copper rain chain . I got it and put it up over the summer . There were so many links , that we took some off to make it the right length , then used the remaining cups to house tea light candles on our patio table . The rain chain has now taken on that lovely aging patina that makes copper such a desirable metal to have . Even the dog has enjoyed standing by the rain chain on rainy days and try to catch raindrops with her tongue . It has been a charming asset to my back yard .
 We recieved the rainchain in about 2 days and it was even better than I had hoped . I 've showing it off to everyone who comes over and can hardly wait till it rains . Excellent packaging , quality product ... Could not be happier !
 This is the third rain chain I 've added to my house and it 's by far the nicest one . It took about 5 minutes to install , and now it 's hanging from my front porch overhang into a half barrel water garden . I like it so much I 'm thinking of replacing my other two rain chains with this same model .
 The rain chain is ingenious in that water coming out of the gutter simply flows down the chain instead of flowing through a downspout . It 's beautiful to watch , makes a pleasant sound and very easy to install . It 's wind stable but heavy rain tends to overpower it with water spilling over the sides . I recommend buying the installation cup for easier installation .
 It is more beautiful than seen on the Internet . We have it placed outside a window we can watch and also our cats are enjoying watching it . It is lovely , and we are very happy with the purchased it .
 We live in an area that has a protected county park right outside our backyard fence . This park is heavily wooded and quite damp as well . This means we have a major mosquito problem . After 8pm we were forced to go inside or be eaten alive . You could easily get 5 bites within 2 minutes after dark.We tried everything from torches to incense . Nothing really worked all that great . This summer I am pregnant so I am unable to use any sprays that contain deet . That was our main driving factor for wanting a product like the skeeterVac . After looking at MANY different brands -LRB- Mosquito Magnet included -RRB- We decided to get the SV-27 1 acre version.We hooked it up and the very first night it caught about 100 mosquitoes . I have to admit I was having fun going out to check on how well it was doing . It only caught maybe 10 during the day , but once the sun went down we brought in the swarms.Placement is VERY , VERY important . You want to make sure you put it in a shady area near bushes/weeds/flowers or near wet areas . This will help attract the maximum number of bugs . The first place we put it worked out great . Every single night we catch hundreds and hundreds of mosquitoes . We 've had it about a week now and already I can notice a difference when going out at night . I 'm not swarmed and I can actually sit outside without being eaten alive ! I can only imagine this will get better as the weeks go on and we cut down on the mosquito population.Let me tell you why I think this product works so well and why you should buy this INSTEAD of the more expensive mosquito magnet -LRB- or other brands -RRB- : First off this unit is CORDLESS ! It works on the propane tank and one AA battery . You can place it anywhere you want without having to worry about the cord . -LRB- think of what a pain a cord would be when its time to mow the lawn -RRB- Even though its cordless its still quite powerful . Placing your hand near the fan you can easily feel the air that sucks the mosquitoes into the traps . -LRB- NOTE , this is the sv-27 1 acre version . The 1/2 acre version does NOT have a fan and may not work as well -RRB- This product uses FIVE methods to attract and kill mosquitoes :1 -RRB- CO22 -RRB- Fan suction3 -RRB- Scented Bait4 -RRB- Sticky paper in mosquito attracting black/white colors . -LRB- not found on most other units ! -RRB- 5 -RRB- Flashing colored LED lights -LRB- not found on most other units ! -RRB- These five items make it irresistible to mosquitoes . Now the only time I get bit is when I walk over to the machine to check on how well its working.Not only does it have more methods of attracting and killing mosquitoes , but its also MORE AFFORDABLE than other brands ! Why would you buy anything else ??? Another bonus ... . the bait in this unit lasts for SIXTY days vs the MM 30 day bait . -LRB- Another savings ! -RRB- I give this unit 5 stars . It works well and its more affordable than competitors . If you have a big mosquito problem like we did , its worth the investment . I know it seems like a lot , but start keeping track of what you already spend on repellent and you may be able to justify the cost . ***** EDIT OCT 16th 2006 ********* I wanted to come back and edit my review to include an update on the product . 3 months after purchase we had problems getting the motor to stay running . It would ignite , the temp needle would climb for about 15 seconds , and then it would go out and the needle would go back down . I was told prior to buying the product that this was a known issue with ALL propane mosquito attractant systems . I bought the skeetervac knowing this might happen , but was reassured that their customer service was excellent . -LRB- Another reason I picked SkeeterVac over Mosquito Magnet -RRB- Thankfully the other reviewers were right . Their customer service is GREAT . I called and explained the problem . They told me how to check the fuel filter as well as how to try and blow out the input line with some compressed air . Neither worked , but they were still very helpful and ready to send out a replacement right away ! After receiving my receipt proving that I was n't over my 1 year warrenty , they mailed out a brand new motor ! I hooked the motor up on Sunday and its up and running again!The only con is they do not pay for return shipping . It is n't too bad though b/c I was able to ship the motor back , -LRB- I choose to go with UPS -RRB- for around $ 12 -LRB- including insurance coverage -RRB- . You can ship the cheapest way you want as long as you get it back to them , so you may find it cheaper to go with another carrier.Customer service was friendly and helpful . I still give this unit 5 stars . I knew the failure possibility when buying the machine , but I also knew Blue Rino is the type of company to stand behind their products and properly replace them in an afforadable and timely manner . They were always very friendly and willing to help keep the customer happy!By the way , I agree with the reviewer below , Northline Express does have the best prices on replacement tac traps and bait . We caught SO many mosquitos in just the 3 months we had it running , I was amazed !
 After four years of dealing with another product -LRB- MM Freedom -RRB- that repeatedly failed to operate -LRB- even with replacement parts -RRB- I bought the Skeeter Vac 35 . When I turned on the propane and hit the ignition button , I had instant ignition . In 24 hours the sticky paper sleeve was jammed with mosquitos and the trap was half full . It works effectively , is easy to operate , and costs considerably less than competing products .
 I live in central Florida near the coast . The past couple of days the mosquitos have been BAD !!! I put this trap together yesterday and put it out in the afternoon ... only caught about 20 mosquitos in a couple of hours . However , once the sun went down , the flashing LED and CO2 attracted a BUNCH of mosquitos . I 've had the trap up now about 24 hours and have probably caught 500-700 mosquitos ... about 70 % of those caught though are on the sticky tack-strip that encircles the unit , not in the catch basket . The trap is still under some shady trees in the side yard and everytime I check -LRB- in the early morning-afternoon ... 10-11 a.m. -RRB- there are about 5-10 mosquitos flying around it . So , I 'll leave it on during the day . But I think the damage is done at night . I hope the motor/fan hold up . I 've read a couple of reviews where they die in a couple of months . I 'll find out soon enough .
 I live in the city but am adjacent to a small farm . The cows and goats attract lots of flies and the stagnant pond grows huge mosquitos . We bought another name brand Mosquito brand -LRB- magnet -RRB- and it managed to not catch one mosquito . This SkeeterVac is luring them in like crazy . I did n't expect much , but was hopeful after reading the reviews . Well I am so impressed ! It is also catching those nasty horse flies like crazy!I highly recommend .
 Easy to assemble , a bit tricky to light , works great . We use it on our very large front deck and have only seen a couple of mosquitos . We see quite a few mosquitos on the back deck .
 After checking out all such units , I decided to give this model a try . Before the unit , we could n't go in our back yard for more than a few minutes without being eaten alive . We have a 19-month old daughter who loves to go outside , and I did n't want to cover her in toxic insect repellents . It works like a charm . It 's pretty strong , too . About the third day we had the unit running , we went out to discover a fistful of feather -LRB- VERY LARGE feather -RRB- adhered to the paper . Apparently , a curious bird was came down to get a few of the insects swarming the unit when he/she got his/her tail sucked in !!! Must look pretty funny flying around with his/her butt hanging out . We 're very pleased with the results .
 What a great deal ! A big , sturdy great looking umbrella . Very happy with my purchase and the price was FANTASTIC . : -RRB-
 Since I have one set of wood furniture setin my backyard and it match good withteak finish . It is easy to open and close .
 An excellent value for the price . The only limitation is they 're too close to wear with sunglasses . But they 're quite comfortable and effective , with only a little visual distortion .
 I bought these for the hubby for use at his job . They are lightweight , stylish and the lenses are crystal clear to look through . They resist scratches and seem to be very durable . They fit very nicely , do not slip out of place and do not create pressure points . Money well spent . Safety and style .
 does exactly what I want it to do , just hang there . Looks great and it is very noticeable from far away
 This is a really awesome flag ! The quality of the fabric is really nice . Not to mention the low price . I wouldve bought this one for 15 $ .
 This cool flag is essential for any traveling Aussie . I work in a clinic in Afghanistan , this bad boy has already been flown on a mission and is now proudly hung on the wall of my office . Perfect for the upcoming Olympic Glory that all Australians revel in .
 this flag is sick it just got my house have it hanging in my room . love it . going to by another one now as a gift for someone .
 G'Day I love my New Flag and it is flying high in my yard as we speak . Great Fast Service Great Product !!!
 Flag was purchased for our Vacation Bible School series on Australia . Fits in nicely with Australian theme . Love the flag , ready to visit .
 Ive had it 2weeks now and love it for popping out stubborn weeds and dandelions etc. . It is definitely sharp on the smooth side so be careful -LRB- I cut my thumb from NOT being careful -RRB- . I love it for cutting down grass -LRB- with the saw/serrated side -RRB- that grows close to my landscaping and plants when I do n't want to risk using weedwacker . I like the ruler that 's etched in also . Great multi tool !
 Extremely pleased with the product . I have given it tons of abuse so far & it has held up very well . Recommended it to a friend & she ordered 2 from Josh as well . My favorite yard & garden hand tool . Gave 1 to my sister & she is thrilled with it also . Could be used for self defense if needed .
 fast shipping , wonderful tool , cuts thru landscape fabric with ease , perfect for dividing up plants , weeding , and transplanting . you will not be sorry that you got this tool , it is very sturdy and no matter how many garden tools that you have this will be your go to tool all the time .
 Having been to Japan , I was surprised that I did n't hear about these until a few years ago . Anyways , I did some research and tried to find the best product for the best price . This is a GREAT hori hori knife ; it 's long , it looks reasonably well made and it cuts right through my clay -LRB- which we call soil here -RRB- . The sheath is plastic , not leather , so if you plan on using it as a holster , you might want to get a different one . I do n't plan on carrying this around on my hip , so it 's going to work just fine . Oh , and as always , Amazon shipped it super fast!P.S . I had a hard time deciding between the stainless steel and the carbon whatever -LRB- the other material they use to make these -RRB- and I settled on stainless because it wo n't rust if you keep it rinsed off . The other material is supposedly harder , so if you have some really intense soil , I suppose it would be more suitable for you . For what I 'm dealing with , which is still a whole bunch of clay , this knife works perfectly . I got the package after work and ran right out in my work suit to play with it in the dirt ! I plan to buy these as gifts for my gardener friends this Christmas .
 I have used many hand tools in the garden , but this one works especially well . It 's sharp enough to get down to the bottom of the roots of many of the nasty weeds that want to grow in the garden . It 's strong and easy to clean as well .
 This has become my favorite garden tool . I weed , dig , whack , It is multifunctional . I 've purchased two from two different venders . One is for a gift . I purchased a cheaper one for myself and it turned out to be exactly like the more expensive one . I 'm not sure which one I 'm reviewing here or I would identify it .
 So Her Christmas list included a want for a gardening knife ... She had selected a specific one She wanted but the one She selected was either back-ordered or not available via Prime Shipping or something else , but the bottom line was that my ordering the specific one She had selected would have resulted in an I.O.U. under the tree ... doable , but never the best choice.I read the other reviews of this item , saw that it could make it in time and took a chance and ordered it . Got here in time , and was as much of a hit as a gardening device can be in the dead of winter.Nothing more was said 'till last week , when She began the Spring Digging , Chopping , and General Messing About in the garden . Her comment as I came in the door that evening was `` Well , I do n't know who did the research on that gardening knife that was under the tree ... you , Santa or the cats ... but whoever it was did a WONDERFUL job !! `` So ... here 's my review ... I know NOTHING about this knife or how well it does anything , HOWEVER a really picky , high-expectations lady to whom I 've been married for ... a time ... thinks it 's flat-out wonderful !
 I keep it in my car and use it every time I see a plant that I would like to own.Great all purpose tool .
 I can say nothing but good things . . ordered it one day , it arrives the next . Beautiful , EXTREMELY SHARP , and well-made . I may make a different sheath , as the plastic , though sturdy , will not hold up under my use . I 'd rather see this in leather .
 if you have the cinch mole or gopher traps , you really need the hori-hori knife . it is well made of quality materials and holds up beautifully with vigorous digging . We have 13 notches on our hori-hori knife already !
 This is a fabulous garden tool . I have used butcher knives for years to weed in my flower gardens . This `` knife '' is sturdy , does n't bend , has a saw edge and a sharp edge , can be sharpened , has a good point , and a comfortable handle . It is my new best friend !!! It will saw , cut , and dig . Weeds , beware !! I 'm coming to get you !
 Pops dandelions out of the ground , slices through root balls , easily makes holes in soil to transplant . It is my new `` go to '' tool and now I know why several of my gardening friends -LRB- all of us master gardeners -RRB- have been raving about the hori hori . If you do n't have one , get one .
 I bought this tool after breaking a cheap Chinese -LRB- Fiskars -RRB- planting trowel . It seemed a little pricey when I ordered it , but it turned out to be well worth the money . Well made , heavy stainless steel blade properly shaped , finished , and sharpened , well made handle , long tang , overall a very good tool . I use it constantly for planting , digging , weeding , etc. . The only negative is the sheath , which is pretty cheaply made , but it works fine and I will eventually replace it with a better belt sheath . Good value for the money and easy to use .
 I bought this last year so this is the first spring I have had to use it . I am seriously impressed . I am using it for popping out weeds , hacking down dead vegetation and planting . It does n't dig a wide hole and does not work as well as a trowel for removing dirt while planting , but it works much better than a trowel to plant in my horribly rocky clay areas and the blade makes it easy to puncture a hole to put the plant tag.The sharpness of this is tool makes it extremely useful . I think the serrated blade will make sharpening difficult , but for this price it is well worth getting a new one when it gets dull . I will definitely do so and am buying some for gifts for my fellow gardening friends.Also , if you wonder what the difference between the models 1515 and 1516 , according to the company 's web site this one is a stainless version of the black 1515 .
 Got 20 minutes for your garden ? Enough time to do SOMETHING , but not enough time to do much ? Grab your Hori Hori and head out the door . You will be stunned at what you can accomplish with this one tool - effortlessly , efficiently , joyfully ! it will become the first tool you 'll reach for and the last tool you 'll put away . Buy it for yourself and/or buy extras for friends . You wo n't regret it .
 I LOVE this gardening tool . It makes gardening so much easier now . It slices through the `` cement '' that masquerades as the dirt in my yard . I have trouble digging these days because of years of doing yard work . Now , I feel like a ninja ! Just pull out my knife and do all sorts of gardening tasks . How did I get along without it before !?
 I got this as a gift for my mom 's birthday . She loves to work in her garden . She had never seen it or heard of it before . My mom loves it . Says it is a great gardening tool that has many uses . Her husband was worried at first though because apparently it is very sharp . So just be careful when using it .
 I 've had my Hori Hori for about 2 years now and let me tell you it is an amazing tool ! I use it for just about everything in my constantly expanding gardens . Just last week I carved out two 4 ` x8 ' plots in my back yard to put in a couple of raised beds for veggies . The knife slices though sod like it is butter ! I could have used a shovel but why ? The knife is still just as sharp know as it was when I first got it -LRB- and it is VERY sharp -RRB- despite the heavy abuse I have given it . I do n't even cringe any more when I stab it into the ground and feel the blade hit a rock - there is never any damage . I just dig the rock out and throw it in the pile with the rest of them.On a totally different note , the knife looks very cool . I was digging dandelions out of my front yard the other day when my neighbor was pulling out of her driveway . She waved hello and unthinkingly I waved back , brandishing ol' Hori Hori as I did . Her eyes fixated on the blade as it shined in the sunlight and her car rolled to a slow stop . We spent the next 10 minutes talking about the knife among other things.Do yourself a favor and buy this knife . Heck , do yourself an even bigger favor and buy one for the cute girl who lives next door like I just did !
 I like this thing a lot . I have an old Oak tree in my courtyard and several times a year you can find me in my garden red-faced , covered from head to toe in dirt , cursing and pulling up the new trees and offshoot roots like a mad woman . The Hori Hori sure makes that work easier and more productive . Because of the design and small size , I can dig deeper and get more of the root system while cutting the crossover roots away at the same time . This year I was able to trace back and remove several of the offshoot roots that had produced trees at the other end of the yard in the past . It tears up less of the surrounding soil than the full-sized tools that I was using before and it is sturdy enough that it works great for removing the new trees that have grown from acorns as well . It was very easy to make shallow trenches for my DIG irrigation system with it , too . This is now my fist choice tool for planting and digging . Happy gardening !
 This thing is awesome ! I am obsessed . I find myself looking at lawns and gardens in my neighborhood when I 'm walking my dog and wishing I had this on me to go to town . I love weeding now !
 for her gardening . I used to have to go help her with some digging/cutting - now she uses this tool .
 I do n't know why this tool is n't more well-known ; it 's been a staple in my tool bucket since Day 1 . Weeding is easier than such a crummy task has any right to be . The dandelion taproots come out whole . Planting bulbs in clay soil ? Yeah , it can do that . Saw through a root in your planting hole ? Done . Pry a rock out of your garden ? Sure , why not ? I even use it to cut pots off of trees before planting them.The sheath I wish was a little tougher , but the benefit of being synthetic instead of leather means no rust on your blade.Oh , and I have sharpened this little tool as well , and it worked out fabulously on the stone I already use to keep my other blades sharp . If you 're right-handed , then most of the wear will be on the serrated edge , which is trickier to keep sharp , but if you have a file like those used on chainsaw blades -LRB- circular , about 3/8 inch diameter -RRB- you should be good if you do it often ; completely blunt takes a lot of elbow grease and time to get back up to par .
 Well made , versatile , useful for many chores in the garden . Digging weeds , separating daylillies , planting bulbs and small plants . It works well for all these jobs . I found that I was carrying far fewer tools out to the garden to complete more work .
 This a nice tool to keep on your belt when working in the garden . I have used it many time when puttering in the garden .
 As a professional gardener/landscaper , I 've tried MANY different tools . Korean hoes , Hand weeders , great trowels . This is the BEST HAND TOOL of all ! It replaces all the others and is easier to use . The sharp edge is great for cutting down perennials , so it saves my hands from over-work and resulting pain . Use it frontwards , backwards , and sideways , it is great ! When I lost this Hori-hori in a garden somewhere , I replaced it with another sold on Amazon that was less expensive , but sounded good . It seemed fine for most of the growing season . But , cleaning up gardens and thinning perennials at the end of the season , the cheaper version started bending . The stainless steel was weakened , bending , back and forth as I try to use it one way , then the other . It is no good . So I just came back to Amazon and purchased this brand again . Luckily Amazon REMEMBERS what I have purchased , and when , so I could be sure this is the right one , the GOOD one ! This is the brand to buy . It NEVER bent ! So buy this one , and enjoy it ! Maybe I will paint the handle RED , though , so I wo n't lose it again ! : - -RRB-
 I am a professional gardener . I have used over 5 of these knives . They are the best . I occasionally lose one . Now , I tie a piece of colored string thru the hole on the handle so that I can spot it in the leaves and soil.One does not need a trowel , as this tool has measurements on it . You can use it to addel weeds in soil rather than pull each one , plant and cut.On a job , I take a kneeler , good pruners , the Hori Hori knife and a saw . If you purchase one , buy two .
 These are great knives that are multi purpose - digging deep rooted weeds out , clearing weeds from the cracks in walkways , cutting ground cover plants , loosening or cutting root balls and planting . We have several of these at my southern California landscaping company and we use them all the time .
 Just love the Hori Hori - it is sturdy , and can cut small limbs , can really dig into the clay soil I have , just a very versitile garden tool .
 I purchased this Hori Hori for a birthday gift to my best friend who loves gardening as much as I do . Oh what a beautiful tool it is . My husband even asked if I would consider trading the gift for his . He was so astonished with it . The sheath is far superior to the one he has and the blade is so much sharper -LRB- razor sharp -RRB- and its mirror finish is astonishing . Of course I said no and my best friend was thrilled .
 I should have bought this tool years ago . Every time I go out to the garden I strap this on my belt . If I was stranded on a desert island , I would want this along . Can you tell I like it ? it is great for digging out weeds or slicing the roots . It is narrow enough to dig small holes for transplants . It has good weight and feels very sturdy . The sheath is a little cheap - It started to tear after the first use , but that is not a tool function .
 I bought this tool on a recommendation from a garden book I was reading . It has quickly become my favorite tool for lawn and garden . I keep coming up with new uses for it . Weeding is about as easy as it gets . The product is well made and should last a lifetime .
 I use it for digging and cutting down over-grown groundcover . The saw-edge worked even on cutting away the woody roots under the dirt . The knife side is sharp and works very well like machette . The ruler mark on the side was convenient for measuring how deep of the hole I was digging for the tulip bulbs and spacing them out . An excellent tool that looks like it means business .
 This is a terrific tool for anyone who does hand weeding or transplants smaller plants . Well designed and very sturdy , it 's quickly become my favorite hand tool for the garden .
 Loved this tool so much that I 'm ordering another one for a gardener friend ! It works so much better than the typical tool used to pull out deep-rooted weeds .
 I love this item . I can take it to plant bulbs or anything else , clean out a bed , saw off a bush and numerous other things . I have given it as a gift and when people see it - they want it . It is the best thing I have ever purchased for the garden . It is the single most important thing I have in my garden equipment shed .
 This thing is awesome !! It has immediately become one of my most favorite garden tools ! In the first week , it had five great uses !
 My wife loves to garden and claims this is one of the best gifts I 've ever bought her . This tool is super sharp and has replaced all of the small shovels and shears that she used to use . The only downside is that it is so sharp you have to be a bit careful with it.I also bought one for my mother and she also raves about it.A great gift for someone who likes to garden .
 Great tool ... I used it to find gopher holes and clear them out to set my new Cinch Traps ! I ca n't express how helpful this tool is .
 This product is very obvious in its high quality . I do n't understand why a quality product like this does n't come in a genuine leather pouch , because anyone would pay the extra money for a pouch that will last as long as the knife .
 Wow !!! So impressed with this . I had to cut out sod to put in a flower bed . The ground was rock solid , and this bad boy put a hurtin on the earth.The craftsmanship on this is simply amazing , dont waste time or money on those crap ones . You get what you pay for , and trust me this is well worth it !!!
 WEEDS SCREAM AND RUN when they see me coming with the hori hori . -LRB- Note that I do n't know whether one hori hori brand is any better than another . It 's the tool itself that 's so great . -RRB- If I could , I 'd get one for each of my gardener friends . Sometimes I might need a spade or pruners or shovel , but overall , the hori hori is often the only tool I take outside to plant and weed.Solid , unbending steel helps pry out deep weeds or dig a hole even in packed clay or gravel . The serrated edge is great for butterflying root-bound plants . And the centimeter markings helps me properly place seedlings and bulbs.One thing I 'd recommend that 's been really helpful for me is to paint the handle with fluorescent paint AND tie some long -LRB- 15-20 '' -RRB- fluorescent plastic tape through the hole so that you do n't lose it in the dirt ; there 'll always be some pink or orange ribbon sticking out even if you bury the hori-hori by mistake.I 've buried my hori hori twice . Once I actually called the local metal detector club to help me find it -LRB- it was within plain view of my back door for 4 months -RRB- . The other time , I just ran out and bought a new one.I 've never damaged the blade on one of these . I killed the wood handle by leaving it buried for 10 months in soggy Seattle , but I still use the blade alone.ANOTHER GARDEN TOOL RECOMMENDATION
 You open the gift box . Yes ! it 's just what you wanted ! You drop the wrapping paper , leave the wine glass , and the astonished friends , you zoom out to the garden even though it 's perfectly dark by now , and you find that dandelion illuminated by the front door 's light . You heft the hori hori in your hand . You are a warrior . You are invincible . The enemy will die . This sturdy , hefty tool feels great in the palm of your hand . It easily slides into the soil alongside the offending dandy . A little pressure , and pop ! the root , the leaves , the whole rosette of the heinous green Medusa is air born like a cork out of a bottle . You think yes ! finally ! the war is over , I am The Gardener .
 I 've had it only twelve hours and wonder how I ever got along in the garden without it . What a wonderful tool ! I have already used it as a trowel for planting ; the blade made short work of an interfering tree root . I loosened weed roots in a flower bed for easy removal without disturbing a lot of soil , and pried weeds from the cracks in the sidewalk . Edging along the front walk was a breeze . I like it that there is a hole in the handle for easy hanging , too .
 I bought the Hori Hori stainless steel garden knife because an equivalent product that I had purchased previously broke after a few months of use . That tool -LRB- a Fiskars product -RRB- worked fine until a design flaw in the handle resulted in the handle coming apart . The Hori Hori knife has a very robust handle and blade which allows it to survive the stresses induced when I pry out tough weeds . One feature that the Fiskars product had that I really liked was a groove cut into the pointed end of the blade . That grove was very useful in grabbing the stems of weeds which made it much easier to pry them out of the soil . The Hori Hori knife does n't have this notch . I bought two Hori Hori knives so I may modify one of them to add a notch just to see if I can replicate that feature . All in all , the Hori Hori is a very useful tool -LRB- even without the notch -RRB- and I would recommend it to every gardener .
 I bought this because peak oil and climate change are slowly undermining world food security -LRB- yeah , never mind -RRB- so I needed some beginner gardening tools like shovel and pitchfork and stuff . A friend sent me a link to this garden knife , so I said what the hey . It looks great and works well , it can dig , break up soil , cut buried roots in place with a serrated or straight edge , and it even has a scale if you want to be super precise about how deep you 're planting.My advice ? If you think you might like it , buy it . Great hand tool . Oh , and also , it 's not just a hand digger - it 's a hand digger with REALLY SHARP EDGES ON BOTH SIDES . So do n't carelessly wipe off the dirt with your hand , or you could cut yourself . Be smarter than me , ok ?
 Love this tool ... very effective for digging out the weeds ... and sharp enough to hack throough some smaller vines etc. . It has good heft and you quickly master the most effective way of weed removal ... using the saw blade edge to dig part way around and then lift ... the Hori Hori is strong enough that you can really put some pressure -LRB- pry -RRB- on it .
 I 'm a master gardener and like a garden without weeds . This is the tool for weeding , cutting flowers , deadheading , and cutting down masses of flowers in the fall . You can also dig with it very well . I like to only carry one tool and this is it . It is VERY sharp when new . It is well worth the money . I 've given them for gifts and always keep at least two . -LRB- one for my man ... -RRB-
 I bought both the Joshua Roth garden knife and the AM Leonard garden knife . The AM Leonard has a very dull cutting side while the Joshua Roth has a sharp cutting side . I love the leather case the AM Leonard comes in ; the Joshua Roth 's case is cheap and does n't have the clip on it that the AM Leonard has . I keep both on the coffee table by the door to see which one I would consistently pick up to work with ... it was the Joshua Roth . Sure wish the JR knife fit the AM Lnrd case a little better ... but , I make it work .
 The blade is wicked sharp , and wicked strong , stored snugly in a solid wooden base . I cut myself the first time I used this . It cut my skin open like a knife through warm butter . I edge my lawn with this . Now I do n't need to use my loud-ass , gas-guzzling trimmer . Thank you Joshua Roth 1516 Japanese Hori Hori Garden Landscaping Digging Tool .
 This tool is AWESOME !! I take it with me everytime I go into my garden ... it is handy for dandelion picking to sawing a limb ... I would n't be in my garden without it ... ABSOLUTEY LOVE IT !!
 This is a great and sturdy tool , I would buy again if I lost mine . Be careful with it though , I have cut myself with it more than once . It is knife-sharp .
 I 've had several of these over the years and this is by far the best one I 've ever owned . It is indispensable for garden work and it 'd be a toss 'em between this and pruning sheers as being my most often used garden implements.The blade quality appears to be excellent but that 's never been the failure point , it 's the handle . This one shares the same wooden handle as those I 've used in the past but this time I think I 'm going to wrap it in electrical or duct tape which will 1 -RRB- cover up the mild misfit of the shank in the handle and 2 -RRB- hopefully product a little protection from rot . Maybe I 'll get 25 years out of vs. the 20 years in the past.Yeah , I could probably take better care of it but after a session of zombie weed killing who has the energy?Like all of these I 've owned the sheath seems incredibly cheesy compared to the knife , it 's just does n't seem like something that 's going to hold up and in the past they have n't so this time I might try to find a proper sheath in a sports store , do n't have faith this one is going to last long.And on this particular one it 's needed . In the past the blade part has been dull . No so this one , it 's sharp as , well , a knife and a welcome addition to this killer of unwanted garden stuff .
 This is a very well made knife . I do n't know how I ever survived in the garden before I had this knife ! I use it for everything from digging into mole holes to removing volunteer trees , digging out weeds , cutting branches , etc. .
 I purchased the hori hori garden tool . and I 'm glad I did ! This tool will cut through clumps of ornamental grass with ease , something I always had trouble with using any other garden tool . It is a great tool to have because you can use it for any garden job you need to do , I would recommmend it to anyone
 This is one of , if not the best small gardening tools I have found . It works great in the hard clay in DFW area . Cuts through stray roots with ease . As others have said the handel is a bit crude . I wrapped the handel with red duct tape to provide a bit smoother surface but more to make it easier to spot in the garden . I have recomended this tool to my gardening friends and family and would definetly purchase another if I lost this one .
 This is a great , unique tool , basically unknown in Europe where I am located . It is rare to discover a really new , different garden tool . It has been very useful to me helping to unearth the tubes of the drip irrigation network which were entangled with the roots of the plants in the garden . A must have tool for a serious gardener .
 This is a very helpful garden tool . Really do n't need anything else . It is strong and sturdy and is geat to dig , measure the depth to plant seedlings and also cut out any old roots lurking in the soil . I am very pleased with the investment . Looks like it will last a lifetime !
 VERY PLEASED WITH THE VERSATILITY OF THIS KNIFE IN THE YARD . ELIMINATES SWITCHING BACK AND FORTH TO DIFFERENT TOOLS AS FREQUENTLY WHEN DOING DIFFERENT JOBS .
 wonderful garden tool ! my husband loves it !! it is useful in many ways ! great quality .
 I wish I had discovered this sooner . It 's incredibly useful , and really well made . I was a little hesitant because of the cost , but it 's well worth it . It will last a lifetime . I oiled the handle up real well , and use it for planting and weeding .
 I 've used Hori Hori tools before with great success . It 's the only tool you really need for most gardening ! I can dig , cut , saw , and measure with a single piece of equipment ! The only issue I 've had with this one is that the sheath is made of a cheap artificial leather . I 've had this Hori Hori for only a few months and have already put some serious cuts into the sheath . I suppose this is a good thing as it is a testament to the edge this tool can hold , but it could make it difficult to store safely if the sheath falls apart completely .
 Im so happy I decided to pay more for this stainless steel Hori Hori . I had a regular ones too , but they rust like there is no0t tomorrow . Thois one was just perfect !
 At 62 years old , I found the best garden trowel in my gardening life . today I easily dug mature dandelions and burdock root ! I also used the sharp edge to cut a stubborn shrub root under the soil -- with ease . Buy one , well worth the money .
 A hori hori is the best digging tool you can use , much more so than a trowel . Among hori hori , this is the best one I have used . It is very sharp and its long blade gives you more leverage and greater reach into the soil . This is an excellent tool for planting and weeding . I have also used the A. M. Leonard soil knife , which is essentially a hori hori , and though that is a great tool , this one is better .
 This is not a flimsy , cheap garden tool . It 's definitely heavy duty and does an excellent job of cutting . I 've used it twice so far -LRB- just got it -RRB- and it was wonderful . I needed to divide some perennials and this thing sliced right through them . I also used it to plant ... dug a hole with it and planted my plant . It was effortless . I can see using this for everything ! I know a tree root will be no match for the Hori Hori . This will slice through Hosta roots like butter ... which I will be doing next spring . I ca n't wait to use this for that ... it will be so easy . Digging in hard clay soil is a cinch too . I think I 've found THE perfect garden tool . The plastic sheath is cheap , but it will protect my canvas garden tote from being sliced by the sharp tool . That 's pretty much all the sheath is good for ... protecting other things from being cut by the sharp edge.GREAT garden tool ! Very , very nice .
 I was having a tough time digging up my sprinkler system with roots constantly in the way . A standard narrow garden trowel and an asparagus knife just were n't cutting it , so to speak . Looking for something better , I stumbled upon the Joshua Roth 1516 Hori Hori digging tool . The 1516 product -LRB- stainless steel -RRB- did not look as substantial in its Amazon picture as the Joshua Roth 1515 carbon steel product but based on the reviews and the relative selling rank , I went for the 1516 product and am very glad I did.What a great digging tool ! It is sharp ! It helps to wet the ground when digging but it 's amazing how the tool slices through the ground and roots like butter . It 's a substantial , well-made product , despite the relatively poor product picture on Amazon . And truly Japanese . All the product labeling on the package is in Japanese kanji characters ! You do have to look out for the pinkies of your free hand as you are digging as a careless thrust could do some serious damage . I still use my asparagus knife and standard trowel for prying out bigger rocks to avoid damaging the Hori Hori knife . But now instead of dreading having to dig up part of my sprinkler system to make a repair , I actually enjoy the thought of tearing into the ground . Digging goes fast and much easier than before .
 I use this knife as a digger when metal detecting . It is extremely sharp , as it arrived , and makes a perfect tool for cutting ` plugs ' in a lawn type area . It is easy to put everything back as found . With this knife I can make an almost surgical removal of my target . Non-destructive digging is important in parks and manicured lawns . The only reason I did not give this knife 5 stars is because of the handle , which for most people , would be very adequate . However , I needed something with more padding , especially on the butt , in order to comfortably push the knife into harder soil . I fashioned a motorcycle grip over the handle making it perfect for my use . The scabbard has a very small belt loop that would not fit over my 2 '' wide tool belt . They could have done a better job on the scabbard , although , once again , it would be very adequate for most people .
 This thing works very well for almost everything I do in the garden . Now I just use this and occasionally a full sized shovel . It 's good for digging small to medium sized wholes , planting seeds , cutting down weeds , cutting pretty much anything , killing weeds , removing weeds , etc. . . The edges are a lot sharper than I thought they 'd be . I cut a 1.5 inch long , .25 inch deep cut in my thumb cleaning it after the first use . My thumb brushed the edge of the blade while I was running it under water and using my fingers to help the dirt off . So be careful.Those edges really come in handing when cutting back plants , especially weeds . I like to swing it to cut the tops off weeds that have thorny edges on their leaves . Then I can use the tool to cut their roots without getting poked by the leaves.I would have given it 5 stars , but it 's not full tang . It seems well made , and very sturdy , but without the full tang I worry that I 'll break it eventually while prying at something.It 's nice enough that I never leave it out . I always clean it and bring it inside after using it . edit
 I used to wander around the yard with a small trash can stuffed with my weeding tools and clippers . Now , I strap the hori-hori on my gardening apron and get . it . done . Weeding ? Check . Sucker removal ? Check . Trim small , unruly branches ? Check . Plant bulbs and flowers ? Check . Move struggling plants . Yep . That , too . And you feel like Indiana Jones while you 're working wonders in your garden ! I love this tool so much that I 'm getting them for every gardener on my gift list this holiday season . Here in north Texas we have a long gardening season . This wonderful tool takes some of the sting out of our perpetual weeds .
 Without a doubt the finest multi-purpose gardening -LRB- and other uses -RRB- tool that I 've ever purchased . Heavy-duty , solid and reliable . Buy one - you wo n't regret it !
 This is my `` go-to '' garden tool . The blade is a good length , it is nice & thick and I do n't worry about bending it while popping out small oak and palm trees from heavy clay soil . It is the only tool I want to use for weeding . It is sharp , but not too sharp - I do n't worry about cutting myself , and the serrated edge takes care of underground shoots if I want to saw them off . The tang does not go all the way through the handle , but it appears to be sufficient for all chores I have attempted so far . The handle is not particularly attractive , but this does not affect its usefulness . I expect it to last for the rest of my gardening days , and am glad I spent more money to get a better product than the others I reviewed online .
 This is my favorite garden tool ! It does everything and does it well . I was so pleased to find it online .
 I have an extensive garden and a friend of mine , also an avid gardener , suggested this . Have n't used it so much for digging -LRB- which he uses for -RRB- , but it 's great for cutting off dead growth . Very easy to use !
 Japanese Hori Hori Garden Landscaping Digging Tool With Stainless Steel Blade & Sheath.Any real gardener will love this hand tool . I will attest to the model I just purchased `` Hori Hori 1516 '' , in stainless steel blade 7 inch long , slightly concave , serrated on one side , razor sharp steel , that stays sharp . Wow ! It far surpasses any trowel I ever used for weeding , planting , ` raking ' rocks off the surface , whatever!I came back to Amazon to buy 3 more -LRB- for me & gifts -RRB- and leave a review . The price can down to $ 29.95 -LRB- from $ 32.20 -RRB- on my latest purchase and I will save on shipping.I 'm very glad to have found this wonderful tool.I 'm embarrassed to say that I purchased a `` Hori Hori '' directly from Japan about 35 years ago when I became interested in Bonsai , before the internet . Now THAT Hori Hori was DULL , BLUNT , AWKWARD , not stainless although very durable . I finally threw THAT one away just a few months ago.This tool is a keeper !
 I bought this tool to use with the Cinch gopher trap . It made the difference between success and failure in my attempts to rid my property of gophers . A great tool !
 A completely awesome garden tool , a perfect companion for gopher cinch traps ; indispensable for the mighty hunter of noxious underground rodents .
 This is a great weed digger . I cleaned up my yard in no time and with very little damage to the surrounding grass.Caution
 I have used many different tools for digging and this has to be the best . Cuts clean and gets deep in the ground .
 Awesome tool -- looks so mean and works well . Love it - and if I 'm ever threatened -- look out ! I 'm gon na get some for gifts now .
 Yes , I 've bought three . These are amazing gifts for the avid gardener -- especially those who have everything.The hori hori is a substantial and very sharp tool that can do most anything in the garden . Use it to plant bulbs , cut through roots , get into rock hard ground , cut through small branches.Having a high quality sheath is important . This thing is sharp and stays sharp . Without the sheath , it would be too dangerous to carry around .
 I bought this for my wife and she absolutely loves this garden tool . It stays sharp and cuts through those tuff flower roots making gardening much easier
 Please handle this with care , this thing is very sharp , make a point that you wear good quality gloves before operating this beast . Excellent product i am very impressed
 I have just received this and used it this afternoon . Made very short work out of cutting 5 bags of leaf lettuce . Nice charp blade . Seems to be a very good quality tool . It 's bigger than I thought it would be . I am sure I 'll find many more uses for it .
 I purchased this knife last summer , and I love it . Like to keep it right by the door so I can grab it any time I wander out into the back yard . It 's still sharp in spite of numerous encounters of the rocky kind . No problems with a loose connection in spite of doing more torquing and prying than was probably judicious .
 I just love the Hori Hori tool . The blade has measuring markings on it to help with spacing plants . The edges of the blade are sharp which allowed me to cut through small tree roots as well as opening bags of potting soil . I was also able to use it to pop stubborn dandelions out of the yard getting their long roots out as well . The protective sleeve that comes with it seems cheap , but it does help with storing the tool when not in use . I tied a brightly colored ribbon through the hole on the handle to make it more visible when I set it down.I would give this as a gift to friends or family that are into gardening .
 I looked at all the Hori-Horis available on Amazon and read all the reviews before settling on this one as a present for my girlfriend , an avid gardener . She was impressed by the quality , and likes how it can be used as a shallow trowel , a bulb planter , a perennial divider , a root cutter , and more . It 's very handy in her garden , which borders on a nature preserve full of invasive plants . It 's attractive and well made , too . I 'd recommend it for any outdoor gardener .
 This is a nice deadly tool for digging in the garden . The stainless blade is sharp and the angle of the grind is such that it will keep a modicum of sharpness through lots of digging . My garden has a lot of rocks , so this will undoubtedly get dulled by some rock strikes . The grind is not complex , so it will be easy to resharpen .
 Great tool !! Cuts through clay like butter ! High quality construction . Sheath could be made of higher quality leather . But , all-in-all well worth the money !
 My husband just bought me this Hori Hori knife as a present and I love it . He did the research to make sure it was of good quality and sturdy enough to hold up to lots of use . This Hori is now my go to tool in the garden as it is a combination digger , machete and measuring stick . A must have for a serious gardener .
 I loveed this Hori Hori so much , I sent my mom one too ! The sheath is pretty mickey mouse , but it was such a great price you ca n't expect a top end sheath too .
 This soil knife has replaced just about every tool I ever needed in the garden . No more lugging around trowels , dibbers , weeders , saws , shovels , even pick axes . I have been using this tool every day for almost a year , and it has held up quite well . The toughest job is planting shrubs in the woods , and this tool saws right through all the tree roots and pries the clay soil right up . I do n't know how I ever lived without it .
 The more I use it the more I find we can do with it . Useful for digging weeds , dividing perennials , planting bulbs . Feels pretty solid and well-made , comfortable to hold -LRB- and I do n't have large hands -RRB- .
 This tool is awesome , wish I bought it years ago!Especially instrumental for digging out gopher holes and setting Cinch trapsThis is the one ! Do n't hesitate , buy it !
 Wish I had known about this tool 30 years ago . It makes digging up weeds simple . It has a strong wooden handle and a sharp blade which makes it easy to dig out any weeds including those those deep dandelion weeds . Every homeowner should have one of these . It 's definitely worth the price .
 A friend recommended this knife to me and I had used hers for a while . I got my own and it is great . I have a lot of landscape material buried under years of dirt and mulch , and when I try to plant new flower/bushes , I get caught up in this old material . The Hori Hori knife made it an easy job to cut through that material and also pierce the ground to get a start for planting flowers . Amazon shipped fast , it was here in a day or two . I recommended this knife to my cousin and she also purchased one and has used it a lot . But be careful ! It is sharp !!
 Japanese Hori Hori Garden Landscaping Digging Tool With Stainless Steel Blade & Sheath This quickly became my favorite garden tool . Great for getting weed roots out !
 Not only is this knife ultra sharp but it takes next to no hand/arm strength to get the job done . It works like a combo tool - knife/spade/trowel . I 'm getting a lot more done with less exertion and a variety of tools . Worth the cost !
 If you do n't have one of these - you have to get one !! This makes weeding and planting small plants a whole lot easier !!!
 This is the best tool I 've found for weeding . It 's a gardeners dream , I highly recommend it.But the seller should change their description of the sheath . The seller makes a big deal out of the sheath and this is deceptive . The sheath tore the 2nd or third time I put it back into the sheath . I 've ordered a leather sheath from Amazon.The seller should raise the price a couple of bucks and provide a leather sheath that 'll last as long as the tool . I do n't why they do n't , it 's only good business to do so.The sheath sucks , it 's worthless . The seller should change their description of the product to say , `` We give you a sheath , but it 's pretty much worthless . You 'll have to buy a good sheath somewhere '' .
 This is the best garden tool I have ever owned ! I bought it on the recommendation of a local `` Master Gardener '' . It 's length is wonderful to get out deep rooted weeds and transplants . The blade is well constructed solid steel and can dig through about anything ; it has a sharp edge that cuts through roots and clay . I have also used it for planting because it digs deep in the soil to make a nice hole for transplants . I 'm afraid all my other garden tools are getting dusty on the shelf . This and a pair of Felco pruners is all you need !
 I got these as a gift for an avid gardener . Other people have described how great Hori Hori 's are in general , so I 'll stick to the particular model . First , the knife blade is high-polished stainless steel , the picture almost makes it look black , but it 's very shiny - looks great . The blade is the thickest I 've seen on any knife , and it 's obvious that this can be used to hack , pry , and saw with no worries of bending . Also , the blade is slightly curved , enough to use it as a spade when need be . The blad also has depth markings . The handle is odd , it 's not totally smooth , but it does seem to be sealed with something , and it 's charred in places for decoration , I guess . It does not have a full tang , but you can see from the rivets how deep the blade goes into the handle . My biggest worry about using a knife in the garden is the chance that it may bend or snap - there is no chance with this knife . The sheath and snap are ok , but overall
 My wife commanded me to post this review.Here is some information that is not included in the item description.Measurements : Blade length -LRB- tip to beginning of handle -RRB- 71/8 `` Blade width -LRB- widest part -RRB- 15/8 `` Handle length 51/4 `` Handle width 11/4 `` The stainless steel blade is NOT flat , it is slightly concave with serrations on the left-side and smooth on the right-side when holding the wooden handle . The blade is n't sharp -LRB- like a knife -RRB- but you do n't want to poke people with the tip . There are engraved depth measurements on the blade -LRB- 1 '' -6 '' and metric equivalents -RRB- . The handle does have a hole towards the base so that you can hang it from a nail/screw . I 'm not sure if the sheath is useful because most people do n't wear belts in the garden , but I guess a clip might not work.Based on the rave reviews , I purchased this for my skeptical wife -LRB- along with a Bahco Ergo Bypass Pruner PX-M2 medium -RRB- . When she got the Hori Hori , she said `` what 's this ? '' After the first day of using these two products , she proclaimed that these tools were better than sex . It 's been almost six months and she is still very impressed . She uses the Hori Hori to remove weeds and occasionally for light digging . According to her , the long blade gets all the way down to the weed roots . She also said the wooden handle is very comfortable . Fortunately -LRB- for me -RRB- , I look like a genius for buying these gifts and she is very , very grateful .
 I recommend this Hori Hori knife to other gardeners every chance I get.After I started using my Hori Hori I loved it so much I never went outside into the yard without it on my belt.Every few steps I take it comes in handy . I love rearranging the plants and i 'm always weeding . Now I just whip out the Hori Hori and dig up a plant , then use the knife to dig the new hole to replant . I 'm always using it to remove weeds . I use it to cut the roots off the celery and lettuce before I bring them into the house . I use it to harvest vegetable from the stems.Honestly I 'm sure i 've never had a gardening tool this useful . I bought one for my mother . I 'm planning to buy another for a friend at church . It 's the perfect gift.This model is very sturdy and easy to keep clean . I keep this knife cleaner than I keep my car . It 's the first time i 've ever paid so much attention to keeping track of my tools . The rest of them are scattered around the property until they get tripped over.I have not yet sharpened the blade . I think that might be a chore but it will need to be done at some point . I 've used mine for a few months now and i 'm assuming at the end of this season it 'll need sharpening .
 Most fabulous garden tool ever ... for weeding , digging , cutting back perennials ... very sharp . Practically the only tool I use for a whole acre of flower beds .
 Im a landscaper and I 've done a lot of weeding in my day . I 've used zenports , fiskars , ames , you name it . This weeding knife is special , its flawless with a seriously sharp edge on not only the serrated side but , also the straight side . Its not a toy and that 's what I want working with me ... a serious tool.For those removing stars for the sheath being cheap . . this purchase is n't about the sheath . . its about and a high quality hori-hori . Many come with the same kind of sheath , so if any old weeding knife will do for you get a cheaper one . . because those wo n't have the ability to slice through their sheath . Thos one is sharp . If you want a high quality leather sheath , they are available at nisaku 's website.For the others complaining about how sharp it is and wished it had a guard or something . . this might not be the tool for you . I 'll admit , when I first bought mine . . looked at it and put it back into the sheath . . it cut the sheath . I have respect for this knife , I 've never used one like it .
 This tool has proven it 's worth over and over again in the short time I 've owned it . I 've put it through its paces with weeding , digging holes for transplants , and I 've even sawed a branch in half with it -LRB- just for giggles -RRB- . There is n't anything it has n't done surpass my expectations -LRB- especially in my heavy , clay soil -RRB- . The sheath is n't the greatest accessory , but it does keep the blade from being banged around . I do n't see the sheath lasting more than a season or two , but the tool itself seems built to last .
 So , I got this knife and immediately went to work with it in my garden ... cut down an entire 20x20 patch of Hairy Vetch easily ... should have been wearing gloves or I might not have found out just how very sharp this knife can be by cutting my thumb almost to the bone , so watch out ... excellent for planting or digging up those annoying weeds . Loved the idea from another user to put neon tape on handle as you can get sidetracked and lose this knife in a minute . All in all , this saves me many trips back and forth to the shed for various tools i used to use . Its GREAT .
 Becarefull theres different hori-hori ` s out there . Be sure to buy the Joshua Roth Hori-Hori . I heard some brands the handle gives out , not sure which ones . But , I have a Joshua and really put it to the test when I had the blade way in ground and pry up with it and the handle did not even give , very sturdy . I pry up roots with it too . It saws through the small roots real good . Cuts moist ground like butter . Not too sure about hard ground yet havent had it that long and its still spring here . I guess anything you have would have harder time in harder ground . Buy it its awsome , good protection too if needed ; -RRB-
 I own two of these and use them constantly . For weed control , turning soil , and popping out stubborn roots nothing is better . A local knife sharpener keeps my hori hori tools sharpened and in good repair . The handles were a bit difficult due to my carpal tunnel , but I wrapped them in soft leather . I 'm going to purchase two more as gifts for my neighbors .
 We purchased two of these digging tools . Both were gifts for each of two sons . We have had one for several years . This tool has features which make it versatile for every kind of digging weeds and planting plants and bulbs . One edge is serrated , the other is a sharp straight edge . The blade is engraved with markings so that you can check the depths at which you are working for various purposes . It is , simply , a neat tool to work with in the garden . It is elegant in the simplicity of its design . It is tough in its construction . It has stood up to hard use at our hands . I recommend it to any serious gardener without reservation .
 This product has changed my gardening experience . I live in an area with heavy clay soil . The hori hori has made weeding a more pleasant task . The blade cuts through like a knife through butter . It is well built and well designed .
 If you think the great reviews of this product are hyperbole or if you do almost anything to avoid weeding , this will change your way of looking at weeds . Yes , it can do all the things that other descriptions have praised . Can you believe that this tool makes weeding actually fun ? Can you believe a sense of power and accomplishment conquering those damn things that seeming spring up overnight ? Can you believe you 'll actually go hunting out the little -LRB- and big ! -RRB- buggers to rid your beds of their invasion ? Believe , friend . It 's true ! I used to say that the only way to get rid of quack grass is to move . This is the alternative .
 ... after you 've used the hori hori.Dig weeds with a single slice . This is a great tool . Wish I 'd found it decades ago .
 This is the best garden hand tool ever . I do n't know how I survived all these years without it .
 I got this on the recommendation of a friend to give to my Mother and Sister-in-law -LRB- both take great pride in their yards -RRB- before planting season began . Before I gave this to them , I sanded down the handle so it sat flush with the tang as well as smoothing the wood considerably - it made it much more comfortable to use . At first , both looked at me like I was crazy for giving them what they called a `` Rambo knife '' . Since then I have heard back from both who love it , would n't give it up for the world and have replaced half of their normal tools in their buckets . Both still call it a `` Rambo knife '' though .
 I bought one of these a fews weeks ago , but had to order a new one because I left the old one on the car trunk and drove off :-LRB- I did n't even get to use it except to open a bag of fertilizer . When it is in my hand I feel like a warrior lol
 I like these so much I bought one for a friend . I love to work out in the Yard and Flower bed . It is an EXcellent tool for gardering .
 It is a must have item for every gardener . I know there are similar products , I do not know about them , but this one is GREAT ! It feels well in hand , it razor sharp and VERY VERY high quality . It is so tough that I can even chop some really orvergrown weeds . I sometimes even use it to cut really tough vines half inch in diameter .
 these were shipped great . . they look terrific ... planted right away ... 1 syarted blooming ... can not wait till the spring to watch these beauties grow ... great plants
 I bought this product because of a recommendation I received that it helps to control tear staining . I was a little unsure of the dosage , so I contacted my vet , who was fine with me giving the product to my dog -- however , she did mention that I should n't be giving it to her any longer than a duration of about 6 weeks . My dog is a 12 pound havanese , and she told me that 1/8 of a teaspoon was sufficient . One downside is how awful this smells -LRB- and tastes I 'm sure ! -RRB- So , I mix it in peanut butter and spoon feed it to my dog who loves it ! As for the tear staining , the product is quite impressive . In the few weeks she 's been on it , it 's definitely reduced the tear staining -LRB- you can see from the new hair growing in -RRB- -- just to point out , it does nothing to the brown stains ALREADY on your dogs ' hair . I know a lot of people out there think it does , so I thought I should clarify . So , it 's a great preventative treatment . And yes , it is an antibiotic , but my vet was totally not concerned with that at all . And yes , it can alter certain levels in the blood but that 's not necessarily a bad thing -- the only thing to keep in mind is to tell your vet if your dog is on this . At least if the vet is drawing blood !
 Minute amount being used daily to see if it cuts tear/saliva stains on dog . Too early to see results for staining , but did make his breath smell better .
 My white Shih Tzu has had a reddish brown face for years . I did n't know what was causing it because I 've never noticed any wetness . She hated the taste of Angel Eyes and I never had any success with that . When I read about Tylan I decided it was worth a try despite the high cost . My hope was that perhaps the new growth would come in white and we could slowly trim off the discoloration . I was shocked when after only three days of Tylan her face began to turn white again ! She 's been on it for ten days now and there 's a dramatic improvement with only a little brown remaining . She looks like a totally different dog ! I use the tiniest pinch possible mixed with a little peanut butter and she thinks it 's a treat . The jar should last a very long time and is worth every penny . The only downside I can think of is that her groomer might not recognize her now !
 This product was delivered promptly and as advertised . I will order again from this company .
 As many reviewers have stated , Tylan can have spectacular results for dogs with some types of digestive issues . However , I think it 's important to keep in mind that Tylan is an antibiotic , not just some harmless dietary supplement . My own dog needs to take it for his digestive problems , but I would never think to give it to him except under supervision of a vet . -LRB- No , I 'm not a vet , just a dog owner -RRB- . It is usually regarded as a prescription medication , so I was surprised that it is available on Amazon . If your dog is experiencing digestive problems , definitely consider asking your vet about Tylan as a possible treatment . But , like all medication , I think it is dangerous to give it to your pet without trained medical supervision .
 Since this is an antibiotic , I use the LEAST amount necessary . My dogs eyes will not stain with just 1/8 teaspoon to a gallon of water -LRB- dog water dispenser -RRB- ! There is no need to use that amount per day . I could even see 1/4 tsp to a gallon , but more is just ridiculous . My 3 dogs , -LRB- maltese , malt-poo , shitzu -RRB- share from the same water dispenser . 1 container will last a very long time !!!
 I heard about his medication from a woman I bumped into who ran a dog rescue organization . This medication proved to be a godsend for our 13 year old , 60 pound Dalmation who had inexplicable , continuing , unabated Diarrhea . This totally cured her , but you must be very careful to use a very miniscule amount mixed into dog food . For our dog , the dose is 1/32 of a teaspoon twice a day . As this is an off market usage -LSB- item is intended for swine , bees and chickens -RSB- , you must be very careful not to overuse . With that caveat , highly recommended and effective product .
 My Maltese suddenly developed terrible red tear stains . His hair also started turning pink around his mouth and on his back paws . Our vet said the staining was being caused by the hairs ' reaction to the dog 's saliva . Our vet recommended Tylan Powder . We only use a `` heaping toothpick '' full in the dog 's drinking water -LRB- 1 per cup - once a day -RRB- . At first , I found it hard to believe that such a tiny amount would work , but it did ! It 's amazing !! The staining stopped almost immediately ! Our Maltese 's hair is back to being pure white . I highly recommend this product !
 After losing one hen to an opportunistic infection from a small trauma secondary to mycoplasma gallisepticum infection , I bought this product to take care of mycoplasma gallisepticum infection in my chickens . I used as directed , adding the Tylan-treated water to their drinking water for three days , for the entire flock due to the highly contagious nature of gallisepticum . It took a few days beyond the three days of treatment for all symptoms to disappear -LRB- as expected -RRB- but it did work.Easy to use - just follow the directions . I used an extra splash of vinegar in their drinking water to hide what I thought might be the bad taste . I usually add vinegar to their drinking water anyway as a vermicide . I just added another teaspoon of vinegar per gallon to hide the taste .
 We have a boxer with colitis . This works great with keeping his stool firm . He does n't really like the taste so I have to mix it with meat or cheese to get him to eat it . I always have this on hand and the order was shipped quick .
 Fast delivery . This stuff works and it 's a lot cheaper than Angel eyes . After about 10 days given in very small amounts -LRB- about 1/2 the size of a small pea -RRB- each day , my little pup 's tear stains are gone .
 I give a pinch of this -LRB- using a `` pinch '' spoon , not guessing ! -RRB- to my dog 's meals on a daily basis , and it has cleared up the dark tear stains they have.My white Lhasa Apso now looks really cute . She seems to be in perfect health , so I 'm not too worried about her prolonged use of this product . I really do give them only a pinch once a day with their meals.One thing I 've noticed though is that while her tear stain is gone , her tears do have a stronger scent to them , but I think they had a strong scent to begin with .
 I 've been using Tylan for 4 years now and it works very well for reducing the amount of drainage from the eyes of our dogs .
 I have used this for 3 years to keep my Maltese and Havanese from having the rust colored tear stains . I ask my vet if they could have any health products resulting from long term use . He said no . I sprinkle a little powder in their water . Magic ! Love it !
 With this medication my greyhound is able to live a happy and healthy life without the problems associated with Inflamatory Bowel Disease
 A vet friend suggested this product for beard stains on our Westies . Give 1/8 tsp twice a day with food for three weeks then stop . You will actually see the new growth coming in very white . It may be used again after a three week wait . One bottle did our 3 Westies two times and they are now stainless on their beards and feet .
 This product 's formulated and sold for livestock - chickens and swine , to be added to their water supply , but is also great for controlling respiratory infections in all other birds . It 's a broad spectrum antibiotic that generally kills mostly gram positive bacteria but also specifically is renowned for controlling mycoplasma infections -LRB- usually considered a gram negative strain , but does n't have all the characteristics of the rest of the gram negative bacteria -RRB- . Mycoplasma gallisepticum is the bacterial strain that causes conjunctivitis/eye disease and respiratory symptoms in many birds , most notably chickens -LRB- hence the on-label use -RRB- and in the wild , finches of all kinds . Standard ways to identify this disease , which is very contagious -LRB- to other birds -RRB- and which is spread the majority of the time by contaminated backyard feeders and water sources , is by finding birds with one or both eye sockets inflamed , sometimes closed -LRB- red or weeping eyes , crusty -RRB- , and the birds have trouble breathing , are wiping their beaks and eyes on everything , and sit still , half blind , with their feathers disorganized , unwilling to fly off . It 's somewhat like a cold , if the a cold also gave you pink eye , and if the cold killed you and all your friends off in a few weeks . If you have backyard feeders and are supplying water to wild birds , you 're also helping to spread diseases to the birds you think you 're helping , if you do n't clean up after them , do n't regularly disinfect feeders and water containers and do n't take care of them -LRB- or remove all feeders -RRB- if you notice that you 're helping spread disease around . The house finch population in particular has had heavy losses from mycoplasmal infections , which can usually easily be controlled by clean practices and eliminated -LRB- in affected birds -RRB- by using this antibiotic properly.In any case , this product really does a great job at fixing up birds - in a day to a day and a half you will notice a big change in any sick bird you 're taking care of or is visiting your backyard feeders . Make sure the treated water is the only source of water around , or this product is less effective and may fail entirely - or worse , help contribute to creating drug resistant strains of bacteria if you supply it at too low of a level . Treat flocks of birds for at LEAST 14 days , and up to 21 days . 4-7 days is really too short , and treating for 14 days should be the standard for use of this product , in any animal . This is not bleach or a disinfectant , and it needs prolonged time to eliminate bacteria that may be more resistant to it than some others.The dosage for finches , song birds , and related -LRB- mourning doves , and larger birds are fine drinking from this dosage too -RRB- , is 10mg/ml , or exactly half the dosage given on the bottle for chicken flocks . That 's 1/4 tsp dissolved in a quart -LRB- or 1tsp per gallon -RRB- - add the water to the drug , ideally inside a water bottle or closed container , not vice versa , and shake . I recommend storing up to 3 days , and not making huge amounts ahead of time -LRB- hence the quart measure given - I give my birds 1 cup in a shallow dish by their regular water spot -LRB- no other water anywhere nearby -RRB- per day -RRB- . The dosage is safe up to much higher amounts in small birds -LRB- 20mg/ml , as in chicken -RRB- so if they drink more water in dry areas or on hot days , that 's fine . Definitely do n't dilute this product more than the above amount , and replace treated water daily . One bottle of this Tylan will make 100 gallons of treated water -LRB- or , in my case , 1600 -LRB- ! -RRB- daily dishes full of treated water -RRB- . Remember , clean up after your birds , sweep up old seed , disinfect their areas , feeders and water dishes at least weekly , and either take down all feeders for a few weeks if a sick bird comes around , or if it 's treatable -LRB- and a common disease like mycoplasma -RRB- try this out , using the above protocols . It really really works ! -LRB- And remember , keep treating them at least 14 days , even if they look totally fine after 3-5 days -LRB- which they will * -RRB- -RRB- . * I am writing this review four days after I received the product , after a half a dozen birds , previously half blind , lethargic/not moving , really sick looking , are now hopping around , flocking together -LRB- instead of being driven off by other birds -RRB- , and even singing -LRB- the females -RRB- while they come out for seed.edit
 I use this to help maintain a nice white face on my little dog . Tear stains are a result of continual wetness which develops into a red yeast infection . Tylan used in minute amounts prevents this . A tiny pinch in each meal works for us , estimage 1/64 of a teaspoon .
 Tylan was instrumental in controlling IBD in our flat coated retriever . I do not sprinkle on his food . It tastes terrible . Get the gelatin or vegetable single `` 0 '' empty capsules and a capsule filler -LRB- you can do 50 pills at a time -RRB- . Then put enough in the capsule to fill up the bigger part of the empty capsule , put the cap on it and voila . You now have one dose . I do 300 capsules or so at a time . For my 70 lb dog , he gets 2 capsules a day , one at each meal . He has never felt so good . This is a miracle drug . That and WD or ZD Hill 's Prescription diet and he stays in great form and is a very happy boy .
 If your dog has constant digestive problems I would highly suggest you forego all of the expensive vet medications and try this for your pooch . For my dog , and several others owned by friends , we had exhausted all remedies for recurring problems with digestive turmoil , loose and bloody stools , and frequent rumbling in the intestines . A 1/4 teaspoon a day wrapped in a piece of meat or cheese has resulted in a healthy and happy dog . You must try this .
 This product eliminates tear stains and halitosis in my poodles . I am a dental hygienist and have done extensive research on the proper dose and use of tylan in dogs . Before using please be aware of the very small dose necessary to achieve results . It certainly beats paying the high price of Angel Glow .
 it is my understanding that Angel 's Eyes is just Tylan Powder mixed with chopped up liver . If this is true , then buying Tylan Powder directly is a much cheaper alternative , Gunner Septembert 2007
 Prescibed by our English Bulldog 's veterinarian for brown streaks caused by excessive tearing , this poultry supplement is the only product that has given us positive result . Just 1/8 teaspoon sprinkled on his food daily keeps those streaks nice and clean . One jar has lasted more than a year .
 Works & worth every penney ! My cockapoo 's eyes are lovely , and her licked areas are now less red , plus her nose is returning to its black color ! But the surprise Bonus was that my 17 & 1/2 yr old toy poodle also had his skin lesions resolve ! After researching the product , I found that it also addresses gut bacteria , so I am betting that a gastric problem was the origin of the skin disorder ... Highly recommended . My guys weigh between 13 & 21 lbs . I gave them only 1/16th of a teaspon mixed with peanut butter once a day with their morning meal for 3 mos . Results seen within about a month . It has been 1 month since I stopped & so far no need for any more dosing . Vendor was prompt . Quantity will last 1 year or more & I treated 3 dogs .
 My veterinarian recommended this product . I use it mostly for problems with weaning puppies - a tiny bit of this product on puppy food for justa few meals , stops it ... and in 12 hours the difference is remarkable.This is extremely bad tasting , adult dogs wo n't readily eat it , butpuppies do n't seem to notice .
 This review is for 100g ELANCO TYLAN Soluble Powder . Per vet 's instructions & lots of trial , we use TYLAN POWDER daily -LRB- 1/4 tsp on food once/day -RRB- along with SUGAR FREE CLEAR & NATURAL METAMUCIL -LRB- 1/3rd tsp on food once/day -RRB- to keep our 50 + pound dog 's GI -LRB- gastro-intestinal -RRB- issues under control . Was initially hesitant to purchase online in case it was n't the same product as sold by our vet . After using 4 containers purchased online and confirming with our vet , we know this is the tylan powder sold by our vet . One heads up
 My Vet put my 11 year old Belgian Shepard/German Shepard mix on this for excessive bacterial overgrowth in her intestines . Please remember this is an antibiotic and could be harmful if not used appropriately . Please check with your Vet before considering its use , especially if your dog is on certain medications.My Vet forgot to tell me how bitter tasting this stuff was for my girl . She would not eat it mixed with can food , yogurt or cottage cheese . Filling empty capsules seemed to hard . I found these things called `` Pill Pockets '' by Greenies and my dog loves them . I fill the center with the powder and mold the treat around the powder and she eats it with no problem . Check out Amazon or your local pet store , they probably will carry them .
 This is a product which I keep on hand for use with my EPI dog -LRB- Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency -RRB- . Basically an EPI 's dog pancreas does not work and you have to predigest their food for them with pancreatic enzymes . These dogs are very prone to SIBO -LRB- Small Intestinal Bacterial Overgrowth -RRB- and the antibiotic of choice for six to eight weeks minimum of treatment is Tylan . We have a small capsule maker and put the Tylan in capsules when our dog has an episode of SIBO . It works great and does not have some of the toxic side effects of other antibiotics . This is a great product !
 Tylan Soluble Powder is essential to our Golden Retriever 's digestive health . Our vet recommended it as she appeared to be having the doggie equivalent of irritable bowel syndrom . A little sprinkle on her food morning and night has made all the difference in the world . Our vet explained that some dogs just need to be on it for just a few weeks , others need to be on it for life . Our dog is definitely a lifer , so I am glad to be able to buy it through Amazon at a much more affordable price than through the vet 's office.We always have one open and one spare in the closet . When I open the second one , I know it 's time to reorder . The shipments come very fast . I just do n't ever want to forget to order so it 's a system that works for me , plus I save even more ordering 2 at a time.If you are using this product for your dog , be sure to check with your vet first for the appropriate dosage .
 good product - helped my Molly for about a month . Unfortunately , her condition was such that even Tylan couldnt help . but , it helped her feel better for this last month . RIP Molly . :-LRB- :-LRB- : -LRB-
 My 70lbs boxer mix has lots of medical issues , the most recent being with his # 2 . He was having VERY loose stools for a while and the vet recommended numerous things to fix it - he had antibiotics , he took Fortiflora , and nothing was fixing it . Finally , the vet recommended Tylan . My dog walker and I both agree that things have been MUCH better.I was surprised to see that this is used for tear stains , since that has nothing to do with why I give my dog Tylan ! But if your dog seems to have problems with his # 2 , this might help to fix it - was the only thing that worked for me !
 I found that Angel Eyes was very difficult to give my 15 Lb Pekapoo . He did not like the dry powdered liver unless I mixed it with wet dog food . It was also very expensive.Upon reading the label the active ingredient is Tylan -LRB- or Tylosin -RRB- . More research led to the dosage from the manufactures web site . `` Tylosin
 Product works well if you have a dog that has Campylobacter and loose stools . I keep this on hand at all times . My friend uses it for tear stains on her maltese .
 I 've used this for years with great success for curing occasional cocciddia outbreaks in dogs . It is also reat for eliminating eye discharge and tear staining in dogs . As always you should consult your vet before using any medication and discuss the proper dosage for your animal .
 My dog was diagnosed with inflammatory bowel disease a little over a year ago . I tried everything to cure his explosive diarrhea , including trying very expensive dog foods and medications . He was losing weight , was n't interested in eating , his fur was dull , and he had no energy . When I went on vacation , the kennel he stayed at put him on Tylan and the change was unbelievable ! He can now make it through the night without needing to go outside multiple times . I do n't have to worry about him while I 'm at work , and he 's back up to a healthy weight . He has so much energy now and his fur is thick and shiny . I will be buying this product for him for the rest of his life ! It seems expensive , but the dosage is small so one jar lasts a long time . Note
 This works great for my dog with small intestinal bowel overgrowth -LRB- SIBO -RRB- . It is an antibiotic for animals and one should remember to get their vet 's advice before treating .
 My German Shepherd was diagnosed with Inflammatory Bowel Syndrome . This product works great with helping him to go to the bathroom .
 This should be called a `` wonder drug . '' For years we took our standard poodle back and forth to the Vet 's office for diarrhea issues . We were prescribed Flagyl over and over , had stool tests done but it kept reoccurring . After the first dose of Tylan powder -LRB- I bought the capsules and capsule maker too -RRB- no more diarrhea . I do n't give it continuously but after reading other people 's reviews and visiting a Greyhound blog I will give it to her every day of the rest of her life . It is safe and extremely effective .
 I was paying a fortune for this medicine for my dog , that has constant stomach problems . This is a really good solution to the problem . However I was paying a fortune getting it from the vet . I now get more than three times as much for about the same cost .
 I bought Angel Eyes and it worked to take the tear stains out of my dogs ' faces , but I went through that tiny bottle really fast and it was too expensive . This is the active ingredient that 's in Angel Eyes . It is a powder . It tastes awful so if you have a dog that avoids bad tasting medicine I do n't know how it will work for you . I feed kibbles and I put about a heaping tablespoon of canned or frozen -LRB- thawed -RRB- dog food on top of their kibbles . Then I sprinkle just the tiniest bit of this on that , kind of like lightly salting . My 3 dogs all gobble it right up . It works . It 's an economical way to prevent tear stains . The dogs ' eyes still water some , but no more red stains.Recommended ? YES !
 This worked great for our little maltese dog . We used just a pinch -LRB- 1/8 teaspoon -RRB- in some peanut butter every morning for about 2 weeks . She had really bad red stains from her tears . After two weeks the stains were reduced dramatically but she still had some . So we decided to put her on it for another two weeks and now she no longer has tear stains !!!
 Received my product in a timely matter . It seems to be helping my Shih Tzu with his eye staining -- Thank You
 Product arrived on time , sealed and in perfect condition . Is much cheaper than what my vet charges for the same product
 My little 14 lb chi/jack russell mix developed a large red stain from the corner of her eye down her nose . The area remained continually wet . I used 1/8 tsp everyday for just 10 days and the wetness and the stain went away . That was 3 mths ago and her eye remains clear !
 This product does work . The breeder told me to give to my Bichon pup . I put her on 2 wks an 2 wks off then again for 2wks then that 's it . Start again later if you start to notice the pink around the eye area . 1/8 teaspoon to 32 oz . in her water . Change daily .
 After purchasing a generic Angel Eyes product I realized the reason the instructions tell you to mix the powder before dispensing is to be sure some Tylan ends up the the 1 teaspoon dose for my dog . It was expensive , foul smelling , and I was unsure if I mixed enough to give a full therapeutic dose.I spent a fair amount of time researching before purchasing Tylan , which is sold primarily for treating/preventing respiratory issues in poultry . I think Vets know about it - but some think it is a cosmetic problem and just wo n't recommend it.Yes , it 's not great to keep your pet on an antibiotic , but Tylan , which is related to erythromycin , is rarely prescribed for dogs . It 's interesting to read that it has successfully treated IBS and diarrhea in pets . Yes , it tastes awful but I use an 1/8 tsp for a 14 pound dog and will probably decrease the dosage soon - so it 's easy to hide in soft food , peanut butter , cream cheese , etc. . I bought measuring spoons that have a pinch , a smidgen and a dash.I have used it for 6 weeks and not only is the staining gone , there is also no discharge from the eye either . A tiny bit of crusty `` sleep '' to flick away and that 's it . As others have stated , it 's only the new growth that 's unaffected - the old staining remains until you cut the hair.I have not observed any side effects - normal stools and appetite remains strong . My concern will be whether the staining recurs when I stop . Angel Eyes recommends dosing 3 months daily , then 4x a week , and after 6 months reduce further to twice a week . After 9 months , discontinue use . That seems like a long time to use the product . I just hope there are no unknown adverse effects long term .
 I have a Shih tzu , and she has had numerous stomach problems throughout her life . After spending hundreds and hundreds of dollars at the vet and being told that sometimes small dogs have digestive problems and bowel syndrome problems , we decided to try this powder . It was actually recommended by someone who had problems with their dog going through spells of vomiting and loose bowels . Tylan powder is an excellent product . It not only helps with the stomach problems but it also makes my dog 's coat feel softer and helps with tear stains around the eyes and mouth area.Use a very minute amount -LRB- just a trace -RRB- . A little sprinkle goes a long way and not much is needed to do the trick . We use it on her food once a day.Highly recommended !
 My 9 pound Maltese has been on this tylan powder for most of her life . She is 101/2 yrs old . It is a miracle drug . She started geting tear staining and beard staining at about 6 months old My Vet recommended the Tylan powder -LRB- I was paying $ 90 . from my vet for quite a while , a bargain even at that price -RRB- . I give her 1/8 tsp every morning in a small amout of moist dog food . Occasionally , I did miss some days , but recently I missed quite a few days and noticed the staining coming back , so now I am back to giving it to her on a regular basis . I recommend this product to anyone whose dog is having a staining problem , but I also feel that you should consult your vet before using this product .
 This is the best and quickest way to put a stop to diarrhea in dogs . 1 level tsp . per 80-100 lb . weight of dog , adjusted accordingly . Terrible tasting so I put it in a small ball of raw hamburger . This is an antibiotic and never seems to fail .
 This product worked in treating my rats for respiratory problems . I had to talk with a vet about dosage , but much more practical than taking my entire rat colony to the vet .
 I read that some use just a smidgen or just a pinch . I actually had to use about a teaspoon full on my 15 pound dogs . Less than that and it only worked to reduce the tear staining ... but this is just my dogs . I think they have a particularly resistant strain of yeast causing the staining . Anyway , it does work and it 's much much cheaper than Angel Eyes . You just do n't have the liver powder that Angel Eyes does which masks the bitter taste of the Tylan . I feed raw now , and just mix in the powder with the raw and they do n't notice . I do not believe in using this long term for tear stains though . I 'd say up to 3 months , then taper off over 6 weeks , then do n't use it . It 's not a strong antibiotic , and not a broad-spectrum one either but any antibiotic affects the good bacteria in the gut , so I recommend feeding probiotics to your dog at the same time , and that can just be from good plain yogurt !
 I purchased this for one of my dogs to help clear up her tear stains . It has worked great .
 My 10-year old lab mix was having bouts of diarrhea that would last for about a week . They were coming along every 3 or 4 weeks , but over time the episodes came more frequently . When this happened he 'd wake up every 2 hours to go outside and was also having accidents in the house during the day . Everything else about him was fine -- his energy , his appetite , his personality . The vet diagnosed it as colitis and suggested trying Tylan and it worked instantly . It 's been 3 months without a single issue . I initially gave him 1/8 tbs AM and PM in food and now just give him 1/8 tbs in his dinner . This stuff worked miracles for us .
 I regularly order this as a treatment for my dog 's IBD . It is half the price here than through my vet , and has been a lifesaver . The product always arrives promptly and works wonders at alleviating the digestive issues of my dog . Granted , I was a little leerly about using a product for `` chickens '' but by following the appropriate dosing of my vet , this has been the one thing that worked when all other failed . I just mix in the appropriate dose with his homecooked meal and he eats it like a champ . No aversion at all .
 Our Allie is a 1 yr old Labrador Retriever & has battled chronic/severe GI issues , since we rescued her 8 months ago . Her symptoms included
 Tylan powder has helped my german shepherd with her tummy issues . It is the only medicine that has helped her live a normal life and I am so grateful for it .
 I initially was given this product from my vet , which cost $ 80.00 ! My German Shepherd has a digestive ailment prone to Shepherds called SIBO -LRB- small intestine bacterial overgrowth . This powdered antibiotic , whih only requires a quarter teaspoon with each meal , has helped him tremendously . The price through Amazon was , in a word , amazing !
 I have never purchased this exact product , but Tylan was prescribed for my Yorkie Poo by her vet . She is just about 2 , and the entire time we have had her , we have struggled with vomiting , bloody , mucasy stools and upset tummy -LRB- it made CRAZY noises ! -RRB- on a weekly basis , and the subsequent discontent from having a tummy ache , not to mention carpet cleaning , missed days of work dealing with a sick puppy and thousands of dollars worth of vet trip and tests that gave us no diagnosis . On a recent trip to the vet , we saw a different doctor than normal and she said our dog might have Colitis -LRB- previously , vets said she was too young -RRB- . She gets half an 1/8th of a teaspoon a day -LRB- she 's 11 lbs -RRB- , and has been on it for 6 weeks now and no diarrhea -LRB- some vomiting , but no more than a little bile -RRB- ! It is like a miracle drug . She has been tentatively diagnosed with colitis , but the only way to get a positive diagnosis is with an endoscopy or surgury , but since the medicine is working , we 'll forgo that for now . The quality of life for my dog has been vastly improved by this medicine and I recommend anyone dealing with chronic stomach issues talk to their vet about trying Tylan -LRB- but I would n't just try it without a vet recommendation -RRB- .
 My little MinPin has been on this exact med. , Tylan 1/8 of a teaspoon per day for years to control his colitis . PepcidAC 1/4 tab 2x per day as well . He has done wonderfully on it . I highly recommend putting the Tylan powder inside gelatin capsules and coating the capsule with peanut butter , as the med alone tastes TERRIBLE . Also , speak to or see your vet before beginning this med to make certain it is okay for your dog to take .
 This works just like Angel Eyes , but it only takes a very tiny amount each time -LRB- 1/16 of a teaspoon for my bichon -RRB- , so the bottle will probably last a whole year . I was tired of paying the Angel Eyes price . I put some powdered yeast on top of the dog food , then a sprinkle of Tylan on the powdered yeast . My dog smells the yummy yeast powder and did not hesitate to eat .
 At the recommendation of my dog 's veterinarian , I use Tylan to control my dog 's GI problems . So I sympathize with Jean Jackson . However , she really should consult her Shih Tzu 's vet about the dosage , not the company . If Tylan is not FDA-approved for use in dogs , the company rep might get in hot water if he encouraged this `` off-label use . '' He may not have handled the situation well , but I think we should cut Discount Pet Supply some slack on this one .
 This is great for my dog 's bowel movements . Just use a 1/8tsp for 6 weeks and she 's set until she eats something else that is foul . My vet prescribed this . I just fill a 00 gelatin capsule and give it to her 2X a day fro 6 weeks .
 the product exceeded my expectations . My dog gained back the 10 pounds that she lost and her poop returned to normal . The taste is bad - have to put it in capsules or with food like pumpkin or peanut butter .
 My beautiful German Shepherd has Small Intestinal Bacterial Overgrowth . A little of this sprinkled on her food has transformed her into a normal dog , with a &#34; three times per day &#34; walk schedule . Prior to that , I 'd come home to accidents , on a regular basis .
 Like we really need another five star review here right ! I use this for my male German Shepherd when ever he gets an upset tummy and has a case of diarrhea . It really works amazing with him and almost will always cure him in twenty four hours . I sprinkle a very small amount on his food usually .
 used this product with great success.Surprised that so little can do so much good to solve problemrecommend highly ...
 Same Tylan from my vet 's office but without the hasle of going , getting , paying , once a month . A must if you pup has eye stains !
 This product has saved me from some very expensive vet bills . It is considerably cheaper than getting medication from the vets office and has lasted me for months !
 Have only had this for a few days , but already am noticing a HUGE difference in my corgis weeping eyes .
 What can I say , this is a medicine to help your pet stay/become healthy and does as described . That 's it
 This product works fine . We use it for our dog who has SIBO and pancreatic insufficiency to keep excess bad bacteria overgrowth in check in his intestinal tract . We capsulize it and then give a capsule with his food . You ca n't just mix the power in the food due to the extremely bitter taste . Price here is about 1/3 what the vet charges .
 I am just buying my second bottle of this for my maltese and Shi-tzu in 5 years . I use a half gallon automatic dog water feeder ; Where it holds a jug of water on the top and fills the dish below as they drink it . I add 1/8th of a teaspoon . Yes only 1/8th of a teaspoon , shake to disolve , fill the dish below , turn the jug on top upside down to attach . . T'da _ ! It keeps their eye stains completely away . When you first start , cut off all the tear stains you can about a week after , and a week after again . Then it will be grown out , and then stay clear . YOU DONT NEED AS MUCH AS PEOPLE ARE USING !!!
 Our loveable but neurotic German Shepherd was literally days away from being booted out of the house for his IBS . This product literally changed our lives ! We went from having to boil rice and beef every day and horrible runny BMs back to dry food and solid BMs . Our dog is much happier for it as well ! You will be AMAZED by the results .
 Tylan is wonderful stuff . Cured my dog 's IBD in no time . This product came swifty and was very reasobably priced
 Adding tylan powder @ 1/8 teaspoon per day to my dog ' e diet has greatly improved his health . He has suffered with bouts of chronic colitis for over a year . Since introducing tylan powder , he has had the best stools he has had in a year . Also , no more stomach aches & whining @ night , no gas , & no smelly burps .
 THIS PRODUCT WAS RECOMMENDED BY MY VET FOR MY COLLIE SUFFERING FROM AN INTESTINAL CONDITION WITH VOMITING/DIAHREA . HE WOULD GO FOR DAYS WITHOUT EATING ! HE NOW IS ON A NORMAL EATING SCHEDULE , AND HAS HAD NO SYMPTOMS SINCE BEING ON TYLAN . THIS IS A WONDERFUL PRODUCT !!
 Tylan -LRB- Tylosine -RRB- is a great product , but many people fail to realize this is an ANTIBIOTIC commonly used for SIBO treatment in dogs.What it does is strip out the bacteria in the intestinal system of the animal that receives it.This is not the diluted Angel Eyes , etc -LRB- which still has tylosin in it -RRB- . This is prescribed by veterinarians for bacterial overgrowth in the intestines of animals and in the case of this particular brand , it is intended for farm animals . It is also used for other infections.For cosmetic reasons , you are feeding your dog a ANTIBIOTIC that will kill all the bad AND good bacteria in their gut.I just worry so that people will throw what is a drug into their dogs without knowing enough .
 I used this product upon my vet 's advise for my greyhound who was suffering with idiopathic diarrhea due to the stress of moving . It worked perfectly and she is as good as new now .
 Great product from a customer service oriented vendor !!! Tylan works wonderful for puppies with upset tummies !!! I keep it on hand for all three dogs .
 Anyone with a white faced English Bulldog knows how hard it can be to eliminate tear , nose wrinkle and drool stains . After frustrating attemps with many different store purchased and homemade remedies of topical products I asked a long time HOF Bulldog show breeder what to use . He smiled and said Tylan . ADMOUNT
 Great product , great price , fast ship ! Big dive flag , kinda thin material but should hold up for quite some time , has grommets , and for $ 4.85 + free ship , it 's unbeatable .
 The product arrived exactly as described . It was wrapped in plastic so there was no question as to whether or not it was new . The price was very reasonable ; the quality of the product exceeds the amount I paid for it .
 Awesome flag !!!! Definitely ca n't beat the price . This is hung up on the wall and all of my friends love it !
 Huge flag but it was a good value . We use it on our boat when we dive . It needs some rope but it is a good value .
 I purchased 2 of these due to their excellent price . One was used as a decoration item in my spare bedroom and the other went into my dive kit because of it being made of an easily packed , lightweight material . On a recent boat dive , our captain could n't find his usual dive flag to haul up and therefore cancelled the dive . NO FLAG = NO DIVE in my part of the world . Everyone was disappointed and then surprised when I pulled it out of my kit . The dive was saved ! Excellent product and a must have for any dive kit .
 This item is nylon so it may not last long but the other dive flags I have priced were over $ 40 . I could have eight of these flags for the price of one of the others . I ordered two .
 I purchased these flags for my nephew to use when he goes snorkeling at the river . He was very pleased to get them . I was pleased with the quality of the flags . They seem to be well made and hopefully will last a long , long time . Regardless , they certainly were a great deal !
 Superbly engineered and well-made , this is the best snow broom I 've ever owned . I 've had it for two New England winters , and it 's held up well and performed flawlessly.The broom head pivots and has several locking positions , which allows you to angle it like a snow plow and methodically work the snow off your windshield , with gravity 's help.This year I bought a Honda Pilot , a sizable SUV which can take a lot of snow on its roof . Now I truly appreciate the value of the extending handle . With its 60 '' reach , I can get the snow off the entire roof while standing in one spot beside the car . No walking around , no getting snow in my boots!The only downside is that it 's so good that my wife confiscated it from me . I had to buy another one . Actually , I bought a few , to give as presents to my family .
 Boy , did I pick the right time to buy this beauty of a broom . This has been the SNOWIEST season on RECORD here in Central Michigan . Over 40 '' has fallen and it 's only the 3rd week of December.Our usual snowfall averages 12 '' . I drive a Chevy Tahoe and stand 5 ' 2 '' tall . With this SOLIDLY BUILT SNOW BROOM and it 's built in 5 ' extension pole and it 's rotating , positional broom/squeege head , I CAN FINALLY REACH ALL OF THE WINDSHIELD TO GET THE SNOW OFF , WITHOUT GETTING HALF THE SNOW ON ME FIRST . I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE SWIVEL BROOM HEAD , and the fact you can position it to lay flat when not in use . The POLE is thick , solid and is easy to extend and locks into place when needed ... or slide down to store . It 's great well placed padded grips to add the leverage you need to push off the larger/heavier wetter snow . The Ice scraper end is also heavy duty.Yes , is expensive ... but I asure you , it will the the LAST scraper you 'll ever need , unless someone comes along and swipes it . This unit will last you a lifetime , not like those cheap things you see . And if you 're on the short side driving a big vehicle , it 's a MUST HAVE.I received it quickly from the vendor too . It 's an excellent winter accessory for your Truck or Larger , taller SUV 's or Mini-Vans ... and would make a great gift for a guy 's Truck or SUV , even if he 's on the tall side . He 'll appreciate the engineering and design .
 Delicate design ! Extraordinary strength!At the beginning I thought it might be too expensive comparing to similar products . Now I have to say it deserves that money ! The handle can be extended to three different lengths , and the junction is strong enough to fight against the snow storms in north Ohio.I ordered a yellow one but what I got was blue . A slight pity .
 I bought this to replace one that I had for over 10 years and finally broke . I tried to find that one as it was the best one I have every used , but no luck . I have a Jeep and it worked great on the roof etc. . To my surprise , when I got this from ups it is the newer version of the old one I had . I was very happy to see this.So far a few storms later and still happy . A must if you live in Ma and have a SUV .
 I was expecting a yellow product but received a blue instead . Also found that the same is available at the local auto-zone shop at $ 15.00 This is a good and sturdy product for removing the snow off your vehicle quickly . The locking mechanism is metal which makes it more durable .
 This tool really does the job when you do n't want to struggle with a cheap imitation . It 's well designed and constructed of good materials . Extended , it is still firm and strong and long enough to reach the top of larger SUV 's . The price may seem high , but it 's worth the money .
 This is a very well made snow brush . I bought one of these a few years ago and somehow lost it in the garage over the summer . I was very happy and surprised to see it was still available . When I saw it , I snapped one up immediately . The telescoping rod is made from a smooth aluminum and the locking mechanism has a great positive lock . I believe the one I lost was bought in 2004 and after heavy use , was still functioning perfectly last year . It was nice to see they did n't change anything from what I could tell . I would buy this again if I somehow manage to lose this one .
 I had one of these for years with my Old truck , and it as with all things plastic broke eventualy , and I got rid of the truck -LRB- unrelated to the breaking of the snow brush -RRB- This year I purchased a New Jeep and needed a snow brush for it ; I went back to where I had purchased it and they no longer carried them . AMAZON to the rescue!This unit is nice and strong , well built and extends long enough to allow clearing of snow from the entire car from one side for the most part . The swivel head allows you to push different directions as needed and also allows the unit to be compact for storage . The two foamy handles are nice because they allow you to use it with out needing gloves for quick jobs.The unit I rec 'd was blue , but i really do n't care about the color , I cared about the type of snow brush . It would have been cool if they had offered color selection though . I would have loved it in RED -LRB- match the color of the Jeep -RRB-
 Very solid scraper . I drive a toaster -LRB- element -RRB- so my car collects a lot of snow and having this scraper has made my winter months much easier . I can stand on one side of my car and clean off the entire thing without moving around it . Its convenient so I do n't have to get snow in my shoes running on all sides of the car trying to clean it off . The pivoting head makes it nice to you can push snow off like a broom style or swipe it off like a normal brush . The aluminum seems to be very sturdy and wont give out on me if I really need to put some elbow grease into it . Unlike previous scrapers I 've had which have been plastic and have gotten so cold sitting in the car that have broken in half trying to scrape the windshield clean . I 'm very pleased with this purchase and do n't see myself buying another scraper for years .
 The Hopkins 80037 Quick Lock 60 '' Extension with 7-Position Pivoting Snowbrush and Snowbroom is an outstanding product . It is not cheap plastic but rather a strong metal ; it does not bend and will not easily break . The extension is great and does not bend at the seams . It is a heavy duty tool for the jobs of clearing ice and brushing off snow - something we are well familiar with here in central-eastern Iowa . I ordered three of them for different vehicles and am very pleased . I have not seen such a quality product in any stores ; this is superb ! My wife and daughter both love their brush/scraper in their respective vehicles . This tool is one that no vehicle should be without during the winter weather .
 This is a souped up snow brush . It 's huge and hence makes quick work of clearing your car of snow and ice . People always comment on it when they see it . It would be especially good for reaching across trucks or minivans because of the size .
 This is probably the eighth or ninth snow broom of this style I have purchased throughout the years . I have liked them all and got good use out of them , but this one seems to be a step above all the rest . It is the Cadillac of snow brooms . I very much like the way the handle extends with a push of a button and it clicks into place . It is very well made and this one should last more then the usual one year . I like the way the brush head folds to one side or the other . It is well worth the price . Oh , and the ice scrapper on the other end is a little wider then all the rest . The only trouble is , no one make a scrapper with the slight curve that all windshields have . Even side glass in not completely flat .
 I think this is a pretty good ice scrapper , I love the extension its just hard to get enough force on the scrapper part when its extended so it takes a little longer to get the ice off
 This is a new item for me . I have never owned a snowbroom . I will say that the item has arrived as expected per the item description . Quick review of the item provides one with a sense of satisfaction in their purchase . The item has comfortable hand cushions , easy to use adjustment buttons and a very sturdy design . This is a definite for someone that likes ` gadgets ' and likes to differentiate themselves from the general public ; even if it is only through the usage of a ` different ' snowbroom/icescrapper . I 'll post how I like it when it snows ! *** Posting this now on 2/25/2012 *** I 've used this snowbroom for what seems like two years now.I absolutely love it with the exception of the button for the telescopic extension that freezes up when it gets really cold -LRB- probably due to constriction of the metal -RRB- . WIth that being said this is the type of gift I 'd buy a family member . It has allowed me to clean others windshields after snow storms with ease ... 100 % recommend this product .
 Seems to be an well built product , just have n't had a chance to use it yet .
 I got the lawnmower for free , but it did n't have a mulching attachment . I tried to make one , but that did n't work out well at all . A few dollars and this works perfectly . Easily snaps into place and is easily removed for cleaning . It is painted metal , so keep it painted and it should last the life of the mower .
 This went so well with the other hanging baskets we already had . I highly recommend it !
 I despise ticks . They seem to be getting worse , and it started affecting my desire to spend time in the woods -LRB- hunting and hiking , mostly -RRB- . After looking around , I discovered another brand of permethrin-based product , which seemed to work well . It was marketed at hunting , so that means it 's pretty pricey . Then I found Repel 's permethrin-based product , and love it . It works as well as the other brand , and is much more reasonably priced . Also , there is no odor after it dries , and it lasts for up to 2 weeks.I always keep plenty of this stuff around for when I 'll be spending some time in the woods . I have never found a tick on me when using a permethrin-based product . It really is the way to go if ticks are a big issue . Just be sure to follow the instructions -LRB- basically , treat 2 + hours in advance , and be sure to treat outside -RRB- . I 've also read that permethrin is extremely toxic to cats , so use extra caution if you have any pet cats in the home .
 I 've been spraying all my field clothes with Permanone since it became available about 15 years ago , including boots , socks , and hats . While I have n't been to any tick intensive sites during that period , like the Mkuzi Game Reserve in Zululand , where I brushed off more than 100 ticks , or a ranch in coastal Tamaulipas , Mexico , where I had about 50 , it reduces the number of ticks picked up in the northeast US from a few to zero . Since ticks here can carry at least four rickettsial diseases and at least one incurable virus , zero is the number you want crawling on you looking for a place to bite . On a trip to Brazilian Amazonia with two friends who had not sprayed their clothes before the trip , I picked up no ticks , but they were pulling off ticks every day , ticks that may carry undescribed and untreatable diseases.I have also sprayed my backpack and duffle bag as a deterrent against bed bugs . When possible , I place all my luggage in the hotel bathtub , one place that should be free of bed bugs everywhere.I have n't been to a place with land leeches since Permanone became available and do n't know if it helps keep them off . Spreading DEET on all exposed skin and on socks is the best way to avoid leech bites.Today , Walmart was out of Permanone , so I bought an overpriced bottle of Ben 's version of the product from EMS . Using less than the whole bottle , the horrible sprayer on their newly-revised , stylish spray can gave me repetitive stress pain . If the `` new improved '' Ben 's were listed on Amazon , I would give it one star . -LRB- Only the old style Ben 's , with the same sprayer as Repel , is shown on Amazon . -RRB-
 I have a white overall suit I treat with Repel so I can garden without getting covered with ticks . I 've had Lyme disease and it is horrible , difficult to diagnose , and with lasting effects . This is a way to go outside and work in the woods and brush without worrying !! -LRB- much -RRB- You do n't -LRB- and should n't -RRB- treat your anti-tick clothes every time you wear them ... it lasts quite awhile.Only down side is that clothes must be treated before you wear them and allowed to completely dry before coming near your skin . Not a bad trade to avoid tick borne disease though !
 We have a cabin in the middle of the woods - Chippewa National Forest in Minnesota AND we 're part of a canine search and rescue team in St. Louis , Missouri . We live in the woods and tick months are GROSS . Permanone is the miracle cure that has saved me ! :-D This stuff is GREAT . It lasts 2 weeks on clothes . It 's the same chemical that you put between dogs ' shoulder blades to deal with ticks and fleas . Put it on your clothes a couple of hours before you go outside , DO N'T breathe it , do n't get it on your skin . But it will kill ticks on shoes , tents , sleeping bags , and keep them from crawling up your clothes . We even have sprayed all of our rugs and the bedskirts and coverlets on our bed . Tick season 2007 , we had probably 60 ticks in the house -LRB- from us and the dogs , despite FrontLine on the dogs and brushing them before they came into the house -RRB- . Tick season 2008 , we found 2 ticks , Season 2009 , only 1 . I have come to Amazon to order a case tp give our Search and Rescue team for Easter presents . They 'll like them MUCH better than chocolate eggs !
 This is a banner year for ticks on my property . Despite using Cutters repellent I was finding lots of ticks on me . A guy at my county extension office recommended this product to me . One can is supposed to treat a single outfit and last for a few washings . I use it mainly on my jeans and shoes . Along with my Insectshield socks from LLBean and continued use of Cutters on my legs under the jeans it seems to be helping quite a bit . Expensive though .
 I spend alot of time in the woods of Suffolk County , New York . Ticks are a major problem . In recent years , I have used this spray with great results . Spray it on your clothes and it will kill ticks that climb on you .
 Just be aware that the going rate for a can of this stuff is $ 6-8 , not $ 15 as at Amazon .
 Fast delivery and product arrived as described on the website . Highly recommended for this product . Personally I am not sure how it performs as it is for a relative .
 This is a good product and easy to use . However , according to directions you should saturate clothing not light spray it .
 I ca n't remember when I started using Repel , but it has been awhile and I have learned a few things.While you can spray all of your clothing with Repel . I have found that treating the top of your socks and the bottom of your pants gives you the best coverage for ticks , chiggers , and other crawling insects without wasting spray.While this product can be used for mosquitoes , I have found that it does not work well for them on clothing . This is because this is an insecticide and not a repellent . Insecticides require time to work and by then the mosquitoes are long gone.Repel does work great for treating tents , especially screens , and sleeping gear .
 REPEL is a great product ! Live in a woodsy area where there are lots of ticks . My neighbor and I both spray our clothes with this product before heading out to `` tame the jungle '' , and it seems to keep ticks from finding us .
 we love this product.we are out in the woods alot and around lakes it is great.Night fish alot an the mosquito are alway bad but with this spray they dont come around you.We give this repel 100 % super .
 we recently did a 5 day canoe trip in the Everglades . We treated 2 sets of clothes each with this stuff , and it seemed to be effective ...
 I treat all my field clothes with this stuff and has never let me down . However , if you 're treating clothes you really need to be aware how many times you 've washed the article because the protection will fade over time . I 've found that after one month -LRB- approximately 4 washings -RRB- the protection is gone ... actually tested it with live ticks .
 I purchased this flag with a bunch of other favorite NFL team flags -LRB- Dolphins , Green Bay -RRB- . It turns out to be a nice flag . I just wished Amazon sold a traditional Ravens flag with just the bird on it . Still nice . I 've posted a picture of it .
 I am a Weberholic . I think that the Weber folks make the best grills on the planet , and I have cooked on many varied grills , so am confident of this opinion . If grilling means just burning meat to you , then read no further ; but if it means the preparation of truly exciting food combinations , read on.I selected this grill to suppliment the Weber charcoal kettle and Genesis gas grill already on the deck . I cook a lot and needed more grilling space . The Summit proved ideal ; it is the Humvee of grills , big and massive.It will take two people to dolly this grill from the truck to your work area . It is a big and heavy box , but the components are separately and well packaged , so there was no shipping damage.It also takes two people to assemble this grill . The assembly is easy and the directions are crystal clear . The problem is the size and weight of the cooking box and top . Two people make this assembly a snap . I did the work in the garage and was able to wheel it up onto my deck with no problem.It performs splendidly . I have done a turkey as a break in meal and it was as good as any I have ever prepared . There was plenty of space for it and the six burners make indirect cooking of large pieces of meat much easier than the smaller Genesis . Two fold up shelves on either side of the box give plenty of space for spices , rubs , sauces and other things used in the cooking.There is one other aspect that I like
 Looks good . It is exactly as the picture shows . It should look great wherever you decide to hang it .
 just as described happy with purchase recommended i need more words to make t his review save so i am just typing this
 What a great grill ! It only took an hour to assemble -LRB- I was alone and took my time -RRB- and I was grillin before I new it . I fired it up to see how high the temp would go . It reached 600 degrees on high in 18 minutes . This was in 75 degree cloudy weather . I grilled burgers in about 15 minutes . I should have pulled them off sooner but they were still excellent . I like the large smoker box and will put it to good use soon . The stainless steel grates , flavorizer bars -LRB- man are they heavy -RRB- and burners are a nice touch and make for easy clean up . This is the first Weber I have owned and I am very happy with the name and quality . I would highly recommend this grill to anyone . My old CharBroil it is replacing will have to go back on Noah 's Ark. . I am a Weber fan !
 Have had the Silver C for a week now . Comes in a big box that takes up an entire pallet . Assembly was very simple , amazing how little hardware was needed . All tools necessary come with the grill.Construction is awesome , no sharp edges , everything fit together very well.First time I ignited a burner , I could barely tell it was lit . The burners are pretty much hidden from sight . Grill gets to 500 + degrees pretty darn quick . I cooked a couple of 1 '' -1.5 '' thick steaks last night in about 8 minutes . They may have even been over cooked for my taste , they came out about medium . Nice grill marks on the steak with no char.Smoker option may have been a waste ? Cooked some chicken thighs for about 1.5 hours using Oak chips , did n't really get any smoke flavor ? I 'll try again.Overall , a really nice grill . Expensive , but I really think the overall quality makes up for the price .
 Ok ... I spent a lot of time researching which grill was right for me . I finally went with the Weber Summit primarily because it had a dedicated smoker/burner and also a commercial grade side burner . It came down to a Vermont Casting VCS 4000 and the Weber . In the end , I got a great deal on the Weber through a different company at 9 % over cost . I called the Weber customer service line before the purchase , just to check out the response time . I spoke with a person on the second ring . Very helpful people . They even have a BBQ line through the summer months to help people with any BBQ questions . Now that 's customer service !! Anyway , after it was delivered to my house , I put it together in about 1 hours total . Add an additional 15 minutes checking for gas leaks . It goes together very easily , but there are just a lot of parts and it takes awhile just to get them out of the boxes . There is no way one person puts this grill together under an hour.Now it was time to BBQ . I know the grill will do burgers and steaks , so that was n't what I wanted to test . My first meal cooked on it was beer can chicken . I used the smoker with hickory chunks -LRB- not chips -RRB- , that were soaked in water for about 5 hours . Halfway through the cooking process I noticed that I needed to compensate for the dedicated smoker burner on the left side . I turned down the main burner on the left , lower than the right , using an indirect cooking method , so I would have a balanced temperature . I did this only after looking at the chicken half way though the cooking process and noticed the chicken was cooking faster on the left side because of the smoker burner . The chicken took about 75 minutes total , at about 350 degrees . The commercial thermometer that is built in seems very accurate . I also had a digital thermometer stuck into the thigh so I would know when the chicken reached 180 degrees . Anyway , the chicken had a beautiful brown skin to it when I took it off the grill . I let it sit for about 10 minutes before I carved it up . My wife and I sat down to eat . We loved it !!! It was cooked very evenly and had a great taste . The smoke had really flavored the chicken and even turned some of the meat pink . The beer had also made the chicken nice and moist . I 've smoked meat in a `` true smoker '' and I like that too , but this also works well and without the charcoal mess . A person does n't want the smoke flavor to over power the meat ... at least that 's my opinion.I will be trying every recipe I can in my books . I would recommend # 1 . HOW TO GRILL and # 2 . WEBER 's BIG BOOK of GRILLING to start . I will be adding ART of the GRILL soon to my grill book collection . I will update my review as I grill . I hope this helps , as I had problems finding reviews for the product that were detailed and accurate . I 'm leaving the review at 4 stars as I have not tried every feature yet .
 I 'm deducting a point because I was n't aware the grilling surface would be smaller to accommodate the smoker box . Other than that it 's great .1 . Easy assembly -LRB- 1.5 hours in the dark -RRB- 2 . 600 degrees in ~ 15 minuets3 . Plenty of work surfacesNo problems after the first seasonAnd hey , it 's a Weber ...
 I think this is a great grill , well worth the money . The smoker worked very well and with hickory chips it adds great flavor to anything you grill.It goes together easy and is well made .
 I have owned this grill for about 6 months now and the quality and performance of this product well meets my already stringent expectations . With the well-thought-out design and value added features like the side burner , smoker , and ample work space , you can forget about cooking indoors at all during the warmer months .
 I remember looking at a summit grill five years ago but fell for a `` Cook On '' instead . I remember the sales guy told me if you have the money summit is the only grill worth it . That was five years ago and the summit has just gotten better . The frame is strong , the body of the grill is twice as thick as others and the stainless looks clean . Flavor bars are solid and heavy . Big difference from Genesis ! Most grills warn you not to exceen 500F , the Weber wants you to pre heat to 550F . Controls are perfect and look like they will wear well . Cart is good size and sturdy . Warming racks sit high enough you can leave them on and still reach the back of the grill . Four burners is a must and being able to control them like the Weber can is great . To sum it up , easy to build , easy to use , nice cook book comes with and warranty is best in business . This should be a ten year grill so remember that when you buy . This is a true five star grill for those who want to step up from a Genesis or a Target special grill .
 We grill almost every day , winter and Summer , we have been `` getting along '' up to now with a Charboil grill which is cheap , and I am afraid , rather nasty but I did n`t know about Weber in those days.When the Summit arrived , I knew that this was a different level of grilling . The first time I switched it on and fired up I was thinking , `` the people who designed this knew what they were doing `` Easy to assemble , an eyecatcher on the deck and a charm to use.Even cleaning it shows that this product was made by someone who KNOWS GRILLING . But be careful , using this baby has made me put on 5 pounds in two weeks . Thats the only down side . This machine is perfect and worth every one of the 999 dollars it cost .
 We have used this grill year round for about a 18 months with no problems . The distribution of heat is fairly even and the amount of heat delivered to different parts of the grilling surface is easily adjustable with the four burner controls . The stainless steel cooking grates are easily cleaned by turning all four burners on high . The grill is easy to maintain and has kept a good appearance.I would have rated this grill 5 stars except it does not get hot enough to char cook a medium rare steak to our liking . Weber should consider adding infra-red burner below the grate on one side as an option for grilling steaks or other foods suitable for cooking at very high temperatures . We use a portable Solaire infra-red grill for steaks which works great .
 This is my fifth lifetime Weber grill and they keep getting beter . Just like any other Weber , the quality is superb , the food tastes great , and it is sturdy as a rock ! What seperates this one from the rest is striking looks ! I proudly rolled this fine piece of culinary genius onto my back deck for the neighbors to gauck at ! Oh , and the perfect touch is the beautiful thermometer set into the lid , with the nice red and black Weber logo . The silver and black thermometer and the stainless steel plating is what takes this grill to the SUMMIT ! I 'm proud to be a five time Weber customer .
 Tired of buying a new grill every 3-4 years ? The last grill we purchased 4 years ago was a Sunshine grill - which was supposed to be just as good if not better than a Weber . While we really did enjoy the griddle aspect of that , it was barely usable after the first summer because the burners kept getting rust in the holes . After last summer -LRB- 3rd year -RRB- the whole grill , burners , grates , and all was completely rusted out.I 've never had a Weber and even though this is a lot of money to spend on a grill , this grill has surpassed my expectations for quality . But it 's not nearly as quick and easy to put together as the Weber description would lead you to believe . They say `` a total of just 10 fasteners connect the cooking module to the frame assembly '' , but that overlooks the task of assembling the frame and assembling the cooking module . Total assembly took a little over an hour , but still not bad considering the options and size of this monster.The assembly instructions are in the form of pictures without any written instructions . While mostly well-drawn , I did have some trouble installing the doors on the cart . There is a long rod that has to push through plastic guides in the upper and lower part of the frame . The upper guides had to have the longer part of the rod through them , but the holes were plugged about 1/4 '' into the guide . The bottom guides - which had a very short piece of rod to place in them , did not have this obstruction . I think they had the guides switched around in the wrong place-but I could n't seem to get them out without fear of breaking them . I finally pushed the rod up on the top guides hard enough to break through the plastic obstruction . Did n't seem to cause any damage and the doors swing fine . Also wish doors had magnetic hasp on top and bottom , rather than just on bottom.The grill was packed very well . Comes in one big box strapped onto a pallet . Numerous smaller boxes inside . All stainless steel has thick plastic wrap coating to protect from scratches.The little narrow rack that swings and lifts as the hood is raised has a strange `` U '' design that makes it difficult to remove anything placed up there by anything other than tongs . Would have been better if the surface was flat.The igniter has a battery in it . Should last much longer than the short-lived versions installed on other grills.Have cooked on this grill since April and have had absolutely no maintenance problems . It does a great job on chicken ! No flare-ups cooking leg quarters on low for 45 minutes . I 've never cooked chicken on a grill that did n't blacken the skin completely - but chicken on this looks almost like it was on a rotissorie even though we used the grill burners . The only flare-up problem I had was with some fresh bratwurst.This grill 's large surface area cooks very evenly in all areas . No hot or cold spots . There also seems to be much more temperature difference between the high , medium , and low settings than other grills.Be careful turning the burners all on high to `` burn off '' the grill , this baby gets hot ! I warped the vinyl siding on our house and slightly discolored the stainless hood by leaving it turned on high for 15 minutes with the lid down - temp guage maxed out past 800 degrees . 5 minutes on high will burn off the grill plenty well.You will be very happy with this purchase !
 Just received grill this week . Assembly took about 11/2 hours . Quality of fit and finish and packaging was outstanding . Be careful of the side burner igniter wire taped to the side . We accidentally triggered the igniter when lifting the grill and shocked my arm . Assembly only had one hitch , a pin to hold the lid needed its hole reamed out with a drill , other than that flawless . Burners fired right up and within minutes grill was registering 550 F. Cooked flawless meal . Extra room is great , never felt like a crowded surface . Does anybody really need this fancy of a grill ? Not many , but it is a joy to use and after using it a lesser grill would be too much compromise . Also , felt good about Weber brand , widely available parts , service if ever needed .
 I grill at least twice a week . And , I will tell you that you honestly ca n't go wrong with Weber . This company has figured out how to design grills that are both easy to use and yield great food . And , its customer service is superb.I used to have a Weber Genesis . I loved that grill , but it was too small . It was getting pretty old , and I replaced it with a large , store-brand grill from CostCo . This grill was all stainless with lots of drawers . It was pretty , and for a large stainless grill , the price was great . The only problem was that if I tried to grill anything but carrots , the grill flared constantly . Chicken with the skin on or rib-eye steaks were , essentially , impossible to cook unless your preferred degree of doneness is charred . And , after a couple of months with some grease on the internals , I had to manually light the grill.Even though the CostCo grill was less than a year old , I gave up and bought the Weber Summit D . What a great grill . No flare ups . Lights every time . Knobs are marked so that you can reproduce heat settings and time your cooking . Includes a compartment for wood chips that holds a lot of chips and has its own burner so that you can control the heat producing the smoke and make the chips last . And , it comes with a cookbook that gives fairly explicit instructions for virtually anything you might want to grill and includes some great recipies . If that is n't enough , two more cookbooks from Weber can be bought on Amazon.com . `` The Art of the Grill '' is great.I have n't tried the rotisserie yet , but plan to this weekend . I expect that the results will be excellent.Could the cabinet for this grill have more features considering the grill 's cost ? Yes . The cabinet just has two doors that open to reveal a large space . I would like it better if the cabinet included drawers . And , it is large enough that it could include several.As to Weber 's customer service . It has a Web site that includes recipies and contact information for customer support.Our grill was already put together when we bought it . After we got it home , I noticed that it did n't come with a cookbook . I called the store from which we bought it . I was told that it did n't come with a cookbook . I called Weber . Weber sent me the cookbook at no charge . Then about a week later , I noticed that a small part that goes with the smoking chamber and holds water was missing . -LRB- Evidently the store that put the grill together lost the book and this part . -RRB- I called Weber . The part was sent at no cost.If you 're like me and you like to grill , but you are not an artist and do n't want to stand over your grill , buy a Weber . I like to put on some steaks or whatever , kick back , and have a beer with minimal interaction with the grill . Sure , you have to time the meat and pay attention to when it should be turned . But , the Weber Summit D makes this easy . It is , in my experience , the easiest way to grill great food .
 This is a darn fine grill . It has every feature that an avid outdoor chef could want . The six burners give you a lot of space for direct and indirect cooking and the fact that the burners run front to back make it much easier to do indirect cooking than in the cheaper Weber Genesis series that have burners running right to left.I like the wood chip bin as well since it has it 's own separate burner - this way , I can crank up the heat on the chips and generate a lot of smoke , yet keep the heat on the food nice and low for slow cook smoking.I did a lot of research on grills and there is no reason that I can think of to spend $ 3000 or more on some super deluxe grill that has no more features than what I get on this one . This is absolutely the best grill I have ever used for the price .
 As other reviewers have pointed out , this Grill is fantastic -LRB- for a Gas grill -RRB- . I have always been a charcoal guy and after much prodding from some fellow Gas friends , I decided to go in to the deep end . Primarily I was interested in having a lot of space and more importantly a smoker box . I know you just ca n't get the same flavor from Gas as you can from a Charcoal grill , so I planned on compensating via wood -LRB- smoker box -RRB- . After using it , it definately makes a difference using the smoker , but charcoal is still better for flavor . The only issue is that this thing is the SUV of grills ; It guzzles propane . There is a natural gas hookup option , if I 'm not mistaken , but this was n't an option where mine is physically located .
 I sold a Weber 2000 to get the Summit Gold D . This thing is awesome , and `` big '' . Quality is great . There are plenty of stainless grills out there with lots of bells and whistles , but I do n't think there is one that can match the Weber Summit Gold D and Weber 's after sales support .
 I have had a Weber Genesis Silver B for over 3 years and absolutely love it . I needed a bigger grill and decided to get the best gas grill Weber makes . It was very easy to install , probably took about an hour and everything fit perfectly , even though the instructions were just pictures , they were easy to follow . I never had a grill worthwhile with a rotisserie and did use it recently . I had a big party and was able to fit 8 Cornish Hens on it and they came out great . I had to turn on the two end burners because the rotisserie burner does n't go all the way across . I was really debating on getting the Summit B because I did n't want to give up grilling space . FYI
 THIS IS WITH OUT A DOUBT , THE BEST GRILL FOR YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY . PUT 3 LARGE CHICKENS ON THE SPIT . TRY A FULL PRIME RIB ! A 16LB . TURKEY ! SMOKE 6 RACKS OF RIBS ! THERE IS NOTHING THAT YOU CAN NOT DO . GRILL , SMOKE , ROTISERIE AND DONT FORGET THE SIDE BURNER , FOR THAT POT OF CHILE . DONT BE AFRAID . WEBER KNOWS HOW TO PACK THIS UNIT FOR SHIPPING , ARRIVED WITHOUT A SCRATCH . WENT TOGETHER IN ABOUT A HOUR . FILL THE BOTTLE AND YOU JUST BECAME THE NEXT STEVE RAICHLEN . BAR-B-QUE !!!!
 I have owned this grill for about 5 years -LRB- since it first came out -RRB- . What attracted me to the Summit were the Weber system in general and the stainless steel components in particular . The cooking surface is restaurant quality . It 's easy to maintain and I can report that it cooks the same today as it did 5 years ago.The six burners may seem like overkill -LRB- visitors always comment with a snicker about how huge it is -RRB- , but believe me -- it 's extremely easy to use that much cooking space , even for a small family . Imagine being able to grill 3 different types of vegetables while simultaneously searing burgers or chops or fish , all at different temperatures . Imagine having enough room to roast/smoke a 25 lb . turkey entirely with indirect heat -LRB- one burner going on either side of the bird with no direct heat underneath -RRB- . By the way , Cook 's Illustrated Magazine has rated grills a couple of times . They generally conclude that the high-end , $ 1000 + stainless steel grills are not worth the money -- except for the Weber Summit . The only fault they find with it is that it 's only marginally better than the high-end Weber Platinum models that cost hundreds less.No question that if money 's no object , this grill is the best . Do n't forget to budget for Weber 's custom grill cover .
 I bought my Weber Silver Summit A this fall and love it - big cooking surface , lights easily and gets very hot . I even like the built in tool holders on the side . After using it several days a week for 3 months , it reliably achieves and maintains temperature , even on cold Ohio nights . The other thing that has impressed me is how much heat it generates - you can sear a steak on this grill better than any other gas grill I have owned . It is also big enough to cook a lot of food indirectly .
 I replaced my old Weber Genesis -LRB- damaged in a tornado -RRB- with this new summit Silver A and its a big improvement . It get a lot hotter than the Genesis and the 4 burners cover the entire grilling surface . Took about 1hr to put together and I am very happy and would recommend this grill to anyone .
 I recently purchased the Weber Summit Silver A as an upgrade to an old Weber I had . I am very pleased with the purchase . It was extremely easy to build and came in perfect condition . A total of 10 bolts and two cotter pins was all it took to put together this giant grill . It took approximatly 1 hour to build since I had to do it alone and wanted to be real careful not to scratch any parts . The previous Weber purchase lasted many years and I can tell that this one will last at least as long . The grill is very well made and the stainless stell option with the storage area is usually found only on very high end grills . ...
 Our 12-year old Charbroil gas grill had just started falling apart when we started shopping for a new one.The quality and workmanship of this Weber grill ca n't even be compared with the Charbroils ! I shopped around , and found the Webers to be superior in their quality and details to Ducane , Viking , and Vermont Castings.Cooking on this grill is a pleasure , and though we 've only used it a handful of times so far , I 'm sure it 'll give us years and years of great cooking!The four burners offer a complete cooking surface . Our old gas grill had an `` H '' burner , which even though we had the largest grilling surface Charbroil offered , you could really only cook on that center `` H. '' With the Weber , the ENTIRE cooking surface heats up and you can cook on even the corners!The insulated hood makes a big difference with heat retention and cook time . An average 1-1/2 '' thick steak would take at least 40 minutes on our old grill , where with the Webber Summitt , it cooks in just about 15-20 minutes . What a difference!The grill assembled in 20 minutes flat ! The only tool needed was the one they included . Much different from the 5-hour assembly time our old grill required.Buy it !! -LRB- AmericasBestBBQ.com also throws in a free grill cover ... try 'em ! -RRB-
 This is my first Weber gas grill and it is the best one I ever have had . I would recommend this grill to anyone . It looks classy , is well built , and is VERY easy to put together . I have used it about a dozen times already since receiving it and it works great . cooks food evenly ... no hot spots ... has a hood mounted thermometer that is accurate and best of all it starts first time every time with the electronic ignitor . . -LRB- not like those -LSB- other -RSB- grills -RRB- . I would also recommend buying the 18 '' brass bristle cleaning brush ... I did and it works well ... also bought the grill cover to protect it from the weather . . it is well made and rugged ... I have no regrets about buying this grill and I can tell you one thing for sure is that you will be the envy of your neighborhood .
 I ordered this from Amazon . With a rotiserrie -LRB- 9970 -RRB- it qualified for free shipping . It was pretty easy to put together and took me about 90-minutes with some interruptions from my 4-Year old . There is a lot of cardboard and a wooden pallet to dispose of . The hood and the front doors are stainless as well as the internal burner , grill and `` flavorizer '' pieces . Most everything else is painted metal or made of plastic . I have cooked twice on it up to this time . It seems to heat up quickly and cook evenly . I really like the four separate burners that run from front to back corresponding to the knobs in the front . This allows me to cook just on one burner and saves propane . I think this is the best feature ! -LRB- I hate lugging around those tanks . -RRB- The cook book specifies cook times for searing and cooking . I found it to overcook at this time . I think I remember reading it burns hotter when new . I guess it will mellow out when the inside gets coated with grime . The taste is good . Not like Kingsford charcoal , but better than the oven broiler . Overall this grill is convenient and easy . The wheels rolled well on our back patio . The heavy hood is double-walled , but still gets a bit hot to the touch . The handle seems to stay cool . I did n't like the spring plunger to activate the ignitor at first . But , it functions fine and the burners light quickly and easily . I would say I 'm quite satified and it is the best grill I 've ever owned . The only reason I do n't give it five stars is because it cheaps out in some areas . I 'm not a big fan of hollow plastic wheels ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I received this grill last week after ordering on Amazon.Shipping time was a bit slow but for free who can complain . It took about 9 to 10 days to receive.Set up was easy and would have been completed in under 40 minutes as Weber suggests if I had n't been watching TV at the same time and hence installing one of the pieces backwards.The grill looks great and I am happy with the components , etc. . Stainless Steel cooking grate looks strong , the storage under the grill is huge and the finish is really nice.I grilled on the grill Friday , Saturday and Sunday . I found the grill heats up to 500 degress in about 15 minutes . This is a little slower than some have suggests but I live in Michigan where it has been windy and cold . These factors may increase time to heat up . Chicken breasts on Friday -LRB- in about 8 minutes -RRB- , pork tenderloin on Saturday -LRB- about 12.5 minutes -RRB- and spareribs on Sunday -LRB- 2.25 hours a a pretty constant 275 degrees ... I used two left burners with one near high and the other at low , i then cooked on the right side.I would suggest those looking for a great grilling cookbook to buy `` Best Grill '' by America 's Test Kitchen -LRB- publisher of Cook 's Illustrated Magazine -RRB- . Great book for recipes as well as techniques .
 I purchased a Weber Summit Silver A Gas Grill to replace a 5 year old Kenmore Gas Grill . Let me tell you , I wish I 'd bought a Weber Grill back then . This grill keeps its temperature very well . It cooks evenly and the juices from the food seem to stay in the food better . It is easy to assamble and the instructions are very easy to read . I reccomend this grill to anyone .
 I have owned many grills over the years but the Weber Summit Silver A is the epitome of outdoor cooking . I have cooked entire meals on mine , including bread and dessert , and with the precise temperature control to the ease of cleanup and exquisite looks , you could n't get anything better for the money . I would recommend this grill , and have , to anybody who is tired or buying cheaper grills that fall apart in a year or two and are virtual infernos on wheels . This is an outdoor cooking experience you do n't want to miss !!
 I assembled this grill in about an hour . All of the parts are sturdy . It looks good and works well too . There are no coals so the flavor is a little different than I was used to . I think the change is a good one . : -RRB-
 This pooper scooper usually works much better than a rake with tines , which tend to get embedded in the , um , business and you spend half your time trying to get it off the rake . 4/5 stars because there are some occasions where grass has been intertwined and rake tines would be handy .
 Hammocks can be awkward things to store , and you certainly do n't want to leave it laying on a garage or basement floor . This storage bag works . It 's sturdy , plenty big enough , and it lets me quickly stow my hammock and hang it up off the ground/floor .
 I have owned several nice quality rope hammocks , but they always dig into my skin , especially if I am only wearing a bathing suit . The basket weave design of this hammock provides a much more comfortable surface . In addition , it looks good . Sorry that I bought the matching pillow . It is too hard and not comfortable for sleeping .
 I used the Love Bug at a family get-together . While the mosquitos were n't as heavy as I 've seen them in past years , it did seem to work . Everyone had to find out what that cute bug we had was and what it did . I would recommend the Love Bug for an easy , non-messy way to repel mosquitos .
 I bought a Love Bug Repeller to clip ontomy Chihuahuas car seat . I started to warmup my car and remembered I 'd forgotten something , so I went back inside ... a couple of minutes later I returned.Above my car were around 10 Dragonflies.Which are not very common in my area of CA.Not sure I 've ever seen them ... So I shut off the Love Bug Repeller andwaited a while for the Dragonflies to disperse.Then I turned it back on and the returned.I 'm not sure if the Love Bug actually repelsMosquitos ... but it attracts Dragonflies , who kill Mosquitos , and that 's good enough for me !
 I 've used Amdro for years and it does work . However , it is soybean based and will become rancid over time if not kept refrigerated . That 's been my experience .
 I 've used Amdro for years and it 's always been very effective at rapidly destroying colonies . Now that does n't mean ants do n't come back - if your neighbors have ants and are n't controlling 'em , the ants -LRB- esp . fire ants -RRB- will recolonize at some point . Maybe even the same summer , after rains and winds have scattered your Amdro.I use Amdro as an outdoor perimeter defense around the house and - though I bet the experts might not recommend it -LRB- as they think you 'll drop hundreds of Amdro pellets in a heap near your near your cat or baby -RRB- I very lightly spread some Amdro along the kitchen baseboards and bedroom baseboards . I 've had outbreaks there , now and then , and after doing the inside , those ants never reappeared.Amdro 's expensive conidering how small the package is , but it 's effective
 I had been fighting a war against fire ants all year . We tried sprays , powders and bait traps . Nothing worked . The ants were all over the yard like a plague . You had to watch every step . I was looking through different websites trying to find a jewel of information that would help me get rid of these pests without hiring an exterminator . I came across a comment that recommended this product as having good results . Basically , all I have to say is they 're all gone . You ca n't ask for better performance than that . One note , though , in case someone might not read the fine print on the bottle
 I do not usually write reviews , but I read them all the time . I am very grateful to those who do write them . So , I have battled ants for months . Spent a lot of money on various traps . A friend recommended the Amdro granules.I was blown away . The ants were gone and out of the house in less than an hour . We spread it all around the foundation of the house . A week later - still gone . Amazing . Not sure what is in it , but it beats the ant traps hands down .
 Fantastic !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I had hundreds and hundreds of fire ants up in the mountains where I live . I am allergic to their bites and my new pup is also . I used about 3 capfuls around the mound . The next day , there were only about a dozen lingering . Used 1 more capful . Have n't seen them since . -LRB- It 's now been a week -RRB- . Strongly recommend this product .
 I tried many products . Amdro is the best . And it does n't take a lot . Spread some around the mound and a just light sprinkle on top . The forager class of the colony leaves the mound searching for food and do n't expect to find it on the mound . And no need to disturb the mound , that brings out the soldiers who ignore the food . The foragers also feed the queen first making her the first to die .
 So the other day I was minding my business tree-trimming , when 15-20 red ants thought it would be a smart tactical move to crawl onto my feet and let slip the dogs of war . Well , they won that battle but thanks to this product , they lost the war.After hosing off my feet and applying liberal amounts of calamine , I fired off an order for some of this well-reviewed ant poison . I received and applied it Tuesday night , and went to check results Thursday morning , 36 hours later.The nests are annihilated . Completely dried up , devoid of ant life . Ghost towns . I missed one nest , it was still full of ants , but every single mound I poisoned is 100 % dead . I call that pretty effective . I am rarely impressed this much with the effectiveness of a product . If you have fire ants and want them to die a near-instant chemical death , because that 's what the get for being jerks , this is the weapon of choice .
 The best out their and depending on how bad your infestation is it will work in a matter of days . just use a little bit around the mounds they will start grabbing them right away
 Never used it for fire ants , but seems to work miracles for all the other kinds of ants around here in AZ. . They usually disappear within hours ! And do n't come back for many months or longer . I just had some ants come in last week . Poured some amdro where they were coming in and all around outside where I could see them . Next day , all gone . Been over a year since I 've had any come in the house . Did the same thing last time I saw some . Same result . Did n't store it in the fridge , just under the sink . Had it for a couple years now .
 It killed off the ants I had had problems with or years in less than 24 hours . Poof ! They were gone but not just them ; that night I noticed dozens of cockroaches eating the stuff as well . The loved it ! In a few days I started finding dead roaches all around my driveway and front sidewalk .
 Just need to keep applying as the ants flee your yard only to return later with a new queen in the rest of her brood .
 10-07-2012 Update
 this product is the best for getting rid of those giant stinging wild red ants that are all around New Mexico .
 Every time i see such a bonsai , i 'm getting this sensation ... i really really love it ... i have 12 myself ... but all self made ... I would really love to buy me such a piece once , but i 'm doing this art now for about 4-5 years , and i guess more training sure ca n't hurt when ik comes to these old japanese trees.Now , IMHO i think this one is a bit overprized i guess ... you really have to see the tree himself ... and get docs and a bit of training from the trainer of this bonsai.I 'm seeing the word Brussel 's here , and that 's really odd to read you know , maybe it would probably be a bonsai from our beloved bonsai master here in belgium ... just too bad i 've never bin there ... But shears from Brussel 's ... hmmm , i have strong doubts about that ... most things here are imported . I never saw anything like that produced here ...
 I purchased this last spring when I had chipmunks . We live in country setting . I plugged in my garage and Chipmunks , Squirrels ... etc. . Will Not come in garage . It even kept out the pesty Bees last year . Wo n't ever be without one . Very Pleased with this .
 I have a ton of birds & stray cats in my area this keep them all out of my garden .
 Need it to keep the birds away from my one tomato plant -- and , from the looks of it , now placed over the plant ; should do the trick . Thin , strong webbed plastic , easy to work with .
 This netting was found to be as advertised ! It has kept the birds out of my blueberries and has allowed me and my wife to be able to pick some for ourselves . This is a good product !
 I used this netting to create a makeshift shelter over my strawberries because the bird kept eating them . This definitely kept them out . The spacing is good and the material is strong . I will use it again if needed .
 We did not get any pears off our tree last year , because the crows ate every one of them . We are trying this netting ... . hope it works . It was easy to use and does n't seem to mess up the trees .
 SHIPPED SAFELY , BUT IN A TREMENDOUS BOX WITH PEANUTS . NO NEED TO BOX IT , AN ENVELOPE WOULD DO , WITH NO PACKING . IT 'S HARD TO DAMAGE NETTING IN SHIPPING .
 I used this net to attach to the wall of my balcony to keep the birds away . I was sad I 'd have to put up a net to block the view of the ocean I pay so dearly for , but surprisingly and happily , you can hardly see it ! It 's perfect !!! I 'm so excited ! I attached it with anchors , cement screws , and washers . I do n't know why I did n't do this sooner . So much comes in the package , I 'm giving the rest to my friend to put on his balcony ! YAY !
 This fit nicely over my tomato cages and pepper plants -LRB- 5 tomato cages placed close together and 2 pepper plants -RRB- . I am very happy , because I have stopped losing my ripe tomatoes to the birds . I was relieved to see that the mesh is big enough that the bees still come in to pollinate.I agree with another reviewer
 We needed just a small amount of netting for our small blueberry bushes . This was the right amount - and the price was right , too !
 We bought this net to protect our strawberry plants from the birds . It is really working and stop birds from trying to eat the strawberry seeds . We had some hard wind blowing for a while and this net sticks to the plant . All we did was mapped it out over the strawberry plants and cut the length as needed . After that we cover the whole surface of the plants with the net and leave some left over on each sides then we spread the net evenly . We never find the net in open or curled up or rolled up even after heavy rain storm plus the wind . Overall , we really happy in using this net and already planning to use it for next year planting season .
 I just read about this product on Amazon and the person writing the review said that the net is very thin , hardly noticeable when positioned against glass that you 're viewing out of . I use it for a different reason other than to cover fruit trees ; to protect the wild birds that I feed from seeing their reflection -LRB- as well anyway -RRB- in the glass of our newly built sunroom . I was getting at least one strike per day and it has worked well enough that the birds fly different directions vs. into the glass as they were . I love it and I 'm very happy to have read the review because it really does n't obstruct the view at all . It is almost invisible and it works great for this purpose .
 Good product . I had something eating my swiss chard ... I could n't figure it out because there were no signs of bugs or animals that I could find . As I sat on the patio one day I watched a yellow finch come and land on it , and started to chow down . I laughed , it surprised me . I thought this netting would keep them from eating me out of swiss chard , it worked good . Next year I 'll use it on my black berries too .
 I had a package of this left over from protecting a couple of small fruit trees . I have a raised deck , which `` collects '' leaves and debris underneath during the fall/winter , and must be removed ASAP in the spring due to this created fire hazard . I stapled this around the deck last Sep , and did not have to crawl under the deck this year -LRB- hopefully not to find other crawly creatures ! -RRB-
 This net has been successful in discouraging my cats from using my little vegetable garden as a liter box . I just laid it over the bed and attached it to the lattice I had placed there previously to try to keep out the cats . -LRB- Lattice was n't enough of a deterrent . -RRB-
 I ordered this product because the quail were eating all my annuals . I like it because it is not conspicuous and yet does the job of keeping the quail off the plants .
 This bird netting is durable and fades out of view when put up around a balcony . It worked great keeping the cat in and the birds out !
 . I bought them this summer and I use them for steaks , burgers and everything else grilled . They work great . The only annoying thing is the pull tab will slip down and lock the tong together when you are using them . Still not enough not to rank them as five stars .
 These are great tongs . I bought them this summer and I use them for steaks , burgers and everything else grilled . They work great . The only annoying thing is the pull tab will slip down and lock the tong together when you are using them . Still not enough not to rank them as five stars .
 > The flag was delivered in a very timely manner and the quality > exceeded my expectations . >
 being A vet I will only fly the best I can get and this flag seems to be a good one . We will see I fly them all the time but it looks great .
 I have always wanted to get one of these flags . I have deceased relatives who have served in the military in various brances of service . I feel flying this flag shows my dedication and thanks for those who have served and my prayers for those who have never returned .
 This flag is inexpensive and is perfect for indoor use . It is not perfectly even on both sides , but for such a low price it does n't matter . Would not recommend for outdoor use .
 Flag fits exactly what I desired ... an indoor decoration . Not sure if it would last outside for very long . Thin material but gets the job done for the price !!
 My husband is a retired Veteran and has been looking for a POW Flag for the longest time . Most of the flags are overpriced for the quality so we have put off getting one for a little while . I found this one on Amazon for a great price and the reviews said it was good quality , but for the price I figured if he does not like it we can always return it . Surprise even he liked it , if you are looking for a decent flag for a great price this is the one .
 Looks good . Small & light . Seems to work . Started easy . Only one AC outlet and it loosened up first use . I will have to fix it.Otherwise I recommend !
 I recieved my product in a timely manner . Very happy an afforadable generator for back up use . I have not used it yet but will soon enough . It is now camping season . Thanks
 Rcommended purchase . Opened the box , read instructions , mixed two-cycle gasoline fuel , two pulls and it started . Plugged in a 500 watt halogen light , turned it on and adjusted the throttle ... engine maintained proper speed . For camping , emergency power -LRB- it can also provide 12 volt DC power to charge a battery -RRB- and ham radio use it is excellent . You can operate from it most power tools , small electric heaters and possibly a very small air conditioner -LRB- motor starting current is the problem -RRB- . During a power failure in the summer , it has enough power available to run a refrigerator/fans/small lights . Shipping charge was high -LRB- $ 45 -RRB- but offset by the low price .
 This generator is awesome . At this price , you ca n't go wrong . I took it on my boat to Lake Havasu and had the Lights and music pumping . I bout 3 from this company and it is an awesome buy !
 It 's dependable and has a lot more power than you 'd think . The engine holds 3200 rpm even when the head is overloaded . It 's simple and reliable . The only real problem i had was mixing up what was on and off on the fuel valve . Also , the muffler shield did n't line up with the exhaust hole . it would have ran fine , but i just removed it ... I just do n't touch the muffler . It gets better fuel economy than it says it does when i run it on good gas . I baught it at a little store in my town . I need a bigger one , but bigger is always more complex . I love the simplicity of this thing . It 's one of my most tresured tools .
 Perfect for lighting camp areas . Not enough power fo much else but it ran long and quite at our campsite . A 4 cycle engine would have been preferred though .
 bought this for emergency 's , it worked well .
 I 've gone through numerous of bird feeders in my lifetime and i am just tired of the squirrels eating the seeds and chewing on the feeders . I gave up a few years back then realized how much i really miss watching the birds . So I decided there has got to be a `` real '' squirrel proof feeder . I saw this one and told myself that if i saw one darn squirrel on this or even a blue jay , it was going back to the retailer and i 'm getting my money back . I 've had it 2 years and NOT ONE DARN SQUIRREL !!!! Not only that , the cardinals were able to feed off on this feeder . It 's rather a cool innovation . The perch are design to only support birds of cardinals or smaller . Anything heavier , the perch collapse and they either fall off or fly off , then the perch springs back . I 'm actually looking to buy a couple more of the feeders . Worth every darn penny ` cuz I know this is going to be the last one and the high quality of this birdfeeder will be around for years to come .
 I 've waited a year to write this review -LRB- purchased this in Feb 2007 -RRB- because I wanted to be sure that this feeder was truly the answer to our squirrel problems . We 've certainly had squirrels make well-choreographed attempts at this feeder but , in this past year , we have not seen a single success . Another big plus for us is how well this feeder has fared in the tough Wyoming winters . It is n't just the snow ; we have extremes in day/night temperatures with relentless wind and the feeder has been out nearly all winter . This was truly worth the expense and I 'm so glad to be able to recommend it.August 2008 update
 It 's hard to imagine that ANY feeder is totally squirrel proof . They seem to grow fifty foot long arms anytime they 're near a feeder and they seem to be able to figure out just about anything . I recommend this feeder because it 's one that large birds ca n't stay on -- anything larger than a cardinal just basically falls off the perch because each perch is spring-loaded . So , if you 're bothered by bigger birds taking over your feeders , this is a good choice . In fact , it 's worth the price just to see large birds fall off it . That leaves four perches for basically finch-size birds and they can eat to their heart 's content . Here in the Southwest we have lots of white-winged doves and all they can do with this feeder is sit longingly on top of it , staring down and wishing they could get the seed . The feeder has a really large tube , so you wo n't have to fill it as often , so that 's nice . Then too is Droll Yankees great workmanship and lifetime guarantee . It 's worth the coin !! -LRB- Could somebody get Amazon to spell squirrel correctly ??? -RRB-
 The Yankee Dipper Feeder has saved us from the Poor House . Grackles and red-winged blackbirds were eating us out of house and home . The sunflower seeds disappeared in hours . This feeder truly does dump off the heavy , piggy birds . Consumption of seeds is reduced , and it 's entertaining to watch the big birds slipping and sliding on the perches , not to mention the squirrels ! Seed management makes this feeder well worth the investment .
 This feeder is truly red squirrel-proof ! Most squirrel-proof feeders can keep the grey squirrels from the bird seed , but the red squirrels are the true enemy . This is the first feeder I have owned that can keep the red squirrels away from the seed . I have had it since mid-June , it 's now mid-August . The red squirrels try very hard to hang onto the feeder and/or the perches , but they ca n't do it . They even tried to chew through the top lid but all they did was scratch the coating . On top of this , the birds love it . Grosbeaks , cardinals , finches -LRB- gold and purple -RRB- , titmice , etc , etc , love to sit and eat from it . I would recommend this feeder to anyone with red squirrel problems . It eventually pays for itself because it saves about 50 % or more of the birdseed -LRB- that used to be consumed by red squirrels -RRB- . UPDATE
 I will revised my last review to cover the last three years . The Jays are okay eating my food . I stopped worrying about it . No problem with Grackles . They visit . Look . but do n't eat . Squirrels and chipmunks do n't bother it . A raccoon scratched up some but he is gone to other places and I have n't had to worry about him this summer . The perches broke this summer two in the space of a few days . I emailed Droll Yankee and they responded with hours to the email with information says they put a new perch attachment in the mail . I received it but it on the bottom of my feeder . The design is different and stronger . A bit noisier with metal hitting metal . I put a pad on each of the perches and it is quieter . I really was very happy with customer service three years after I purchased this feeder.I bought this to keep large birds off , and it does n't work . I 've used it for six months , but the Jays quickly figured out -LRB- after a few days -RRB- that they can press the dipper perch and grab the then exposed dipper support wire to hold on . Some Jays prefer to stick one claw into the plastic groove where the flipper mechanism joins to the feeder , and another around the narrow bottom lip to hold on.Droll Yankees needs to rethink this dipper to solve those problems before it 'll keep Jays off my feeder . I ended up adding a plastic cylindrical `` hood '' a couple of inches over the feed ports to keep the big birds off . This kind of hood is available for other feeders , so I got one of those and modified it to fit the narrower tube on this one . Sadly , the dippers make it easier for Jays to hang on under this hood , so I need to have it lower than I do on other feeders with rigid perches.I 've found that hanging my feeders a few feet from anything squirrels can grab onto is all it takes to keep them off . In addition , it takes a feeder with a tube that 's too long -LRB- two feet does it for me -RRB- for a squirrel to hang from the hook and reach the feed openings .
 I love Droll Yankee products and this one was no different . Well thought out and well made . I have several feeders that are squirrel-resistant but some of them are filled with larger and more aggressive birds , like Blue Jays , Grackles , Northern Mockingbirds , European Starlings , etc. . I wanted something just for the little guys.Where I live we get both the American Goldfinch -LRB- mostly passing through -RRB- and the Lesser Goldfinch . They , along with Purple and House Finches have the feeder pretty much to themselves -LRB- yesterday I saw a Painted Bunting at the feeder , WOW ! -RRB- . Bigger birds , like the ever present White Wing Dove -LRB- similar to Mourning Doves -RRB- attempt to sit on one of the perches and then they slide off when it `` dips '' . My only complaint is that the perches seems a little TOO sensitive . Northern Cardinals can barely sit on one without it dipping , and then only with the help of a lot of wing-flapping . Still , I really like this feeder for finches and other small birds .
 Feeder works and the birds devour the seed . It does hold a ton of seed which is nice so that it does n't continually need refilling . Cardinals can even get on to the spring loaded perches . I am very happy with the product . Nice red color too . The grackles flutter and really work to get at the seed but they do find a way . It definitely cuts down on their consumption however .
 After years of futility trying out various `` squirrel proof '' feeders , I found the real thing in the Droll Yankee Dipper . Unlike other models designed to protect seed from the ingenious tree rodents , this one not only confounds the common grey squirrel , but is also effective against the smaller red squirrels which have no trouble going right through caged feeders . The springed perches of this feeder wo n't support anything larger than a cardinal , and its width & length prevent squirrels from hanging onto the top with their back legs and reaching the feeding ports . Additionally , the metal lid can not be chewed through and is too heavy for squirrels to dislodge . Jumping from a limb onto the perches simply results in the perches collapsing -LRB- and then springing back -RRB- , sending the rodents groundward . I 've watched both grey & red squirrels trying to gain access to this feeder , only to give up . And , as an additional feature , this product does n't rely on motors -LRB- like the Spinner Model -RRB- , and is easy to clean as the feeding port base is removable . This certainly is n't a cheap product , but the savings in replacement feeders and seed wasted to squirrels easily makes up for the cost . Simply put , this is the best bird feeder I 've ever come across .
 This feeder has defeated the Blue Jays and the squirrels from pigging out on expensive black oil sunflower seed ! What a pleasure not to constantly have to chase the `` pigs '' away . I feel so magnanimous in victory that I feed the squirrels peanuts . It took the Cardinals about 3 days to get used to the new feeder so be patient .
 It works , but is a bit hard to sterilize in the sink because of length and the hanging handle tends to disconnect on one side .
 This feeder really works well , it is large and holds a lot of food , I generally only have to fill it once a week despite lots of birds . The other advantage of the dipper is that the larger birds like crows and doves have a lot of trouble raiding the feeder . Its not completely crow proof and I had go to safflower seed until they left after a month , but generally works well . My only complaint is that it is a little clumsy to refill and very heavy to rehang on the hook . Generally well made and holds up well . It is a little on the expensive side but after having the squirrels trash two previous feeders it was worth the money
 I bought this feeder in 2008 to replace aHeritage Farms Bird 's Choice Squirrel Proof Bird FeederI had owned for ten years . The wind would blow it down and that combined with squirrel attacks eventually broke it . Nothing is 100 % squirrel proof and the Droll Yankees YCPD90 Dipper Squirrel Proof Bird Feeder is no exception . Occasionally I will get one squirrel that will figure out how to wedge its feet into the feeder holes , hang upside down and eat . They do n't get much food , have to try for days to get to that position and a passing person , animal , or even bird , usually distracts them and makes them fall . I live in a high wind area and the shape of this feeder prevents it from blowing off the hook except for under exceptional circumstances . When it has blown off it has not broken . This a a high quality durable feeder as evidenced by the lifetime warranty . Squirrels have tried but not been able to claw the metal top of the feeder off . The only thing they have done is to remove the some red paint.This feeder is expensive , apparently my neighbors noticed $ $ as one day it was missing . I replaced it with aBrome 1055 Squirrel Buster Minias it is cheaper and therefore less likely to go missing . If I was to invest in another Droll Yankee feeder again I think I would go for aDroll Yankees YCPT360 Yankee Tipper Squirrel-Proof Bird Feederas they are more likely to attract Cardinals because of the tray . The tray also reduces the seed that falls on the ground . In my opinionDroll Yankees YF Flipper Bird Feederis not a long term squirrel proof feeder because you have to replace the batteries .
 This is the best bird feeder ever . Squirrels ca n't get near it . So much better than the rechargeable . Love , love , love it !
 I have had my Dipper for over 7 years now . It has hung on a shepherd 's hook formost of that time . While it 's true that larger birds have a difficult time using it -LRB- that 's why I have a platform feeder too -RRB- , no squirrel has ever breached it . There are teeth marks on the metal top where they have tried ! Like another reviewer here , I found that 2 of the perches had fallen off , perhaps 3 or 4 years ago . I called Droll Yankee and they immediately sent out 4 replacements at no charge . Not necessarily my favorite feeder but it is made to last , is easy to clean and has been -LRB- almost -RRB- problem-free .
 This is an excellent feeder and is truly squirrel-proof . I like it better than the Flipper model because you do n't have to worry about recharging and replacing batteries . I have 3 of the Flipper model and the battery costs are high after the first year . The Dipper just sits there for the birds with almost no maintenance . The only downside is that larger birds the size of cardinals or larger can not use the Dipper because they do n't have the room to perch . However , this is a great feeder and I will probably get another .
 I have had other Droll Yankee bird feeders and have mixed feelings on those , but my mother in law had squirrels dumping seed everywhere . So I switched to this type of feeder and took down the old one . The squirrels would n't touch it -LRB- great ! -RRB- but neither would most of the birds , especially the cardinals . After a few days , I gave in and added the old feeder again with the new one . The cardinals came back , but the squirrels stayed away from both . So it seems both problems are solved , but I miss not seeing the squirrels fall off the feeder!Droll Yankees YCPD90 Dipper Squirrell Proof Bird Feeder
 This is the best product ever ! I ordered my 1st feeder a few months ago . Loved it so much , I ordered a 2nd one for my sister ! So far ... so good . We were looking forward to seeing the squirrls spin/fall from these feeders . They try it a couple of times and they leave the feeders alone . So I guess the `` entertainment '' value was less , but the over all value FAR exceeded our expectations !! Well worth the cost ...
 Update
 Having tried many feeders that defeat squirrels , I 've found this is far and away the best . It 's also the best for feeding small birds and keeping the big eaters away . Cardinals can manage it , but that 's about it for size . All the little guys get their chance !
 It was difficult finding this item on the MTD website . That company uses other products from multiple companies . It took me -LRB- about -RRB- five minutes to install the new muffler . Looks great !
 In a blink of an eye , I had the product already in my mail box . Excellent transaction !
 I fly the indianapolis colts jersey in front of my house on game day . It looks really cool on the flag pool .
 Flag quality is top notch and have enjoyed hanging it up in my living room to show my Colts pride !
 New Oem part , correct fit , acceptable prices -LRB- better than what could be `` ordered '' locally -RRB- what else do you need !!!
 It took a while for the birds to figure this feeder out but once they did they love it-it is hysterical watching the squirrels trying to get to it-they now get what is on the ground . More birds than ever-less critters in my peaceable kingdom . Droll Yankees YCPT360
 I have purchased three of the tipper feeders . It works very well but has to be hung with at least two feet from anything a squirrel and climb on , otherwise , the squirrels will jump on it and knock seeds to the ground . Also , the feeder has to be hung high enough so the squirrel can not reach it by jumping from the ground . It also works well with a dome also by Droll Yankee . The first one I purchased is still functioning 20 years later .
 This is the first feeder I have found that is truly squirrel proof . It holds a lot of seed and is well constructed . Very happy with my purchase .
 This is for sure a squirrel proof bird feeder . When we first put it up , we had a kick watching the squirrels trying to stay on . They are and were created on different methods to stay on , but they failed . Now they just pick up the scraps the birds drop on the ground . If you are looking for a bird feeder , this is the one to get .
 Finally I have ended my ongoing dilemma of trying to keep the squirrels off feeders . They can not get anything from feeder but still can get the seeds that fall underneath .
 This is my second Droll Yankee feeder and both are truly squirrel-proof . I would highly recommend this product if you have any issues with squirrels at your feeders .
 The feeder arrived very quickly which was really nice
 I love the feeder ~ it holds a lot of seed and the squirrels can not eat from it ~ ~ but the birds are not that crazy about it.I put black sunflower seeds in it and they just pick at it and then really mob the one that is not squirrel proof ! Maybe it just takes more time to get use to it . Anyone have comments or advice ?
 We love feeding the birds that come into our yard and have several feeders around but hated the fact we had to fill the feeders every single day . This feeder is a pleasure because the birds love it and we love it more simply because it holds enough seed to last several days . Because of that , we have just ordered a second one . Happy bird watching !!!!!
 Just as advertised . Large enough to host a whole flock of mixed species and lots of seed . Minimizes spillage with its bottom platform . And it 's great fun to watch the squirrels tip over and plummet to the lawn .
 Great feeder -- tips the squirrels right off ! Multiple birds can use at once , including cardinals . Food comes out neatly and it holds 5 lbs of seed . The squirrels got tipped once and are not about to venture on to it again , though they try to figure it out . The squirrels are not happy but the birds are ecstatic -- they now have plenty of food and do n't need to worry about being chased off by squirrels .
 Does anyone know if the Blue Jays will not be able to feed on this feeder ??
 Well . I have n't tried all the `` squirrel-proof '' feeders , and this one wo n't qualify , but it makes the little buggers work for their calories . It 's the cleanest feeder with a seed tray I 've ever used . In fact this feeder is overall easy to clean and easy to fill . My only complaint -LRB- and this is tongue in cheek -RRB- is that my pesky raccoon with his ` coon IQ of 180 managed to unscrew the washer that holds the tray on . The birds did n't like the absence of the tray , but they adapted , hanging on the ports to feed . The raccon went hungry . My kind of feeder.Outwitting Squirrels
 The birds love this product and the squirrels do n't , that 's exactly what we were looking for . We get many hours of enjoyment watching birds eat and squirrels be baffled .
 I have one of these and it is wonderful . This one was purchased for my 82 year old mother-in-law for a gift . I know she will love it . She has very aggressive squirrels and I know they will have met their match with this feeder !!
 This is a great bird feeder . We have had many others and this one is so much better . We enjoy the birds year round as they feed . Very affordable at Amazon .
 I did n't buy mine on Amazon , but I have owned one of these for 10-12 years.This feeder has been knocked down by bears , attacked by squirrels , and raccoons.I do take it in , in the evening , because bears could damage it , but have n't yet.Sometimes I forget to take it in . If it lands on the ground they roll it around to get the seeds out . I have hummer feeders that the bears have tried to eat.The bears will be hibernating soon I hope . I live in the Colorado mountains.Squirrels can not feed from this . They have tried everything and they leave hungry.With all the attacks this has had , it is still in great condition.This is a perfect example of you get what you pay for.Resists squirrels and is extremely tough .
 Our previous bird feeder , despite cones and shields on the pole , always had 5 to 8 squirrels -- crowding out the birds . Now we enjoy birds only -- all squirrels have left ! Also , the large capacity means I only fill it every 3 to 4 days . I plan to buys another one for a different part of the yard . The only drawback is the price -- a lot to pay for a bird feeder .
 This device works as designed . It is very entertaining to watch the squirrels try to figure out a way to get to the seed -LRB- they can , but only a few seeds at a time -RRB- . It works so well that my wife feels sorry for the squirrels and fills a squirrel feeder so they wo n't starve during the winter .
 I think that this feeder is one of the best for keeping squirrels out of the bird seed . I do have a couple of squirrels who have mastered the art of hanging on with their teeth and claws for a few minutes to eat out of the holes , but still find it to be the best so far . Most of the squirrels are content to eat any seed dropped on the ground underneath the feeder . I do have one PROBLEM , however and that is that the tray has come off several times and is now completely gone.I have tried to find a replacement part online so that the birds will have a place to perch and can not . I do n't think that this should be so difficult to find . This product started loosing the tray no matter how tightly I attached it a two months of use .
 The birds do n't like it as much as my `` Yankee flipper '' but it is well made and the birds probably will get used to it .
 After purchasing some cheap bird feeders at my local home improvement warehouse , the squirels robbed my seed daily , and I could see bird seed money just being wasted . I took them back , and ordered the Droll Yankee , Tipper from Amazon . GREAT INVESTMENT , the Squirels tried for two weeks , but finally gave up ! SO the extra investment in this feeder is worth it , will save you money , in the long run from wasted / stolen bird seed . Keep seed DRY ! . Sturdy construction , large capacity . FIVE OUT OF FIVE STARs ! A must buy for any backyard . My only tip , is make sure you put it up on a high pole or wood pole , and keep it far enough away from the poll , so the squirels do n't reach over and grab it and pull it over . I had to do a slight mod to my poll to keep the feeder out far enough . Other than that . WORTH EVERY PENNY !
 I purchased several different bird feeders at the same time from Amazon . This is my favorite feeder . I rated it only 4 stars because the screw on the bottom falls off and the platform base keeps falling off . Already lost original screw . The birds seem to really like it -LRB- main objective -RRB- . Wish the top was n't flat because it gets bird poop all over it . All in all , very pleased .
 I got this feeder yesterday afternoon and hung it up . First thing this morning , 3 squirrels came to investigate . First , one of them had to shimmy down the straightened coat hanger wire I use to hang feeders . That sort of wire is hard for them to get a good grip on . He finally slid down and onto the top of the feeder . He checked it out to see if he could open it and gave up on that idea.The tube is too long for a squirrel to hang onto the lid and still reach the seed ports , so this squirrel let go of the lid and fell to the tray ... which promptly flipped him right to the ground with a thud . Scared the bejeebers out of the other squirrels and gave me a great morning laugh!There was only one more try after that , and then all three gave it up.I also have a feeder that has the metal tube that slides down to shut off access to the feed ports . It works well , but it does n't hold much , and I have to refill it twice a day . This feeder holds plenty of seed.So far , there have only been a couple birds eating at the new feeder since yesterday , but once the word spreads , more will come . The birds always take a few days to a week to get used to a new feeder.A side note
 this is a great bird feeder for all types of birds , and the squirrels can not get to it . the bottom flips them right off - well , something like that . the company shipped it out faster than requested and customer service is great . highly recommend .
 It was what the man said it was ! It arrived on time and in excellent condition .
 The squirrels have figured out how to use this but not in a very efficient way-I must say I do get a kick out of them falling off but they have also figured they can wrap themselves around the feeder and hold on-the issue they ca n't feed . The birds love this feeder as well as the other one I got-more beauty in the kingdom and I love to get up to the birds in the morning . They keep coming all day . Droll Yankees YCPW180
 I 've had squirrel issues for years as most have . Tried different feeders to little avail . I saw the whipper at several retail stores in the Atlanta area . Retail prices are $ 120 - $ 130 . Seemed a bit expensive to me so I came to Amazon to read some reviews . I purchased one here some 30 days ago . The results were surprising . Firstly , my older generic feeders attracted all bird varieties including large crows which cleaned me out every two days or so . Upon loading up the whipper with black oil sunflower seeds Cardinals and finches appeared immediately . That first week I was enjoying a cup of coffee and looking into my yard when I noticed a squirrel approaching the feeder . He climbed onto the top and sat . Finally , he stretched his entire body down the length of the whipper but could not reach the ports . He then dropped down to the perches and immediately flopped onto the ground . Not to be discouraged he climbed back up and again and sat on top . Minutes later , apparently discouraged , he dropped to the ground and ate some seeds dropped by the birds . Over the next 3 weeks or so I have had no squirrels attempt to feed . Victory !!! This feeder has constant action . Different varieties of birds and many , many cardinals . I did have one crow figure it out . He lodged each foot onto the perches where they contact the feeder and maintained his balance while devouring some seeds . My lab scared him off and I 've seen no other crows attempt this . This is a quality product . Well made . I would not hesitate to purchase another and I am considering doing so . Enjoy.UPDATE
 I purchased this whipper bird feeder and have been disappointed that the squirels managed to grab into the holes where the seeds come out and hang on until they are full , which never seems to happen .
 I have gone through a Summer , Autumn , and almost a Winter with this product and I love it . I did read all the reviews that it is not squirrel proof after a while but so far , it is not their top choice anymore . If I recall correctly , I may have had 1 Grey Squirrel last Summer who tried ... maybe not . Anyways , I had everything undesirable you can think of at my old copper cage bird feeder -LRB- grey & red squirrels , grackles , blue jays -RRB- ... and now , just small birds and the Blue Jays in the Summer who flap their wings to remove some weight from the collapable perches to feed . There are plenty of easier , neighbordhood bird feeders they can visit than mine now so I 'm not constantly refilling the feeder or leaving it empty due to helpless frustration . The squirrels used to empty my feeder in a day ! How annoying ! I think I only went to fill the feeder at the beginning of the Winter & still have not had to refill it -LRB- now early March -RRB- . The capacity is prett large which is very nice!Also , the materials of construction of this feeder are heavy duty & sturdy ; it 's obvious when you feel it . I 've also dropped it on the grass from a high point . I 'm not sure why because there 's no latch for the heavy , tight cap but the squirrels have not opened it . I do n't use a baffler either.If I had to recommend an improvement , I would just like it to stand on it 's own on the ground when I 'm filling the feeder ... but this is so extremely minor for all the headaches & money that its saved me . Overall , a great product ! This is my 1st Droll Yankee & I did end up choosing the one with the curved , collapsable perches after reading all the reviews & it was a great choice for me . I decided to risk a little by choosing the curved perches instead of the straight perches which is supposed be a better `` pest '' deterrant because I love my cardinals.Again , due to the style of the feeder & not due to this product , I think this is why I have had very little amount of Winter visiters -LRB- New England , Zone 6a -RRB- until about mid February . We have had no snow and fairly mild this Winter -LRB- until now -RRB- so I was wondering the reason . As I have described below , this is another reason that my 2nd feeder -LRB- Brome caged -RRB- will be for the `` clingers '' . Note
 Excellent quality . Birds flocked to it within 5 minutes of installation . Installed in a location that birds had previously ignored . Very happy with this product , as well as thistle feeder .
 An excellent product . This is my second one and I 'll buy a third one when this wears out . The first one survived 8 or so years in the Florida sun and the attacks of many squirrels -LRB- who have gone back to the oak trees where they belong -RRB- . Quite functional and easy to fill . And , very sturdy -- the old one went through a few hurricanes .
 This product has eliminated the problem of squirrels eating out of my birdfeeders . I am using much less bird seed which will more than make up for the price of the feeder . I was so pleased with this product that I bought a second one .
 This is my second whipper feeder . I have had my first one for over a year and it has lasted through a Minnesota winter and humid summer . It has survived raccoons , squirrels , and wild turkeys . The turkey and raccoon problems occurred because I had it too close to my deck rail and I did n't have a raccoon baffle on the pole . I have since built my own simple steel pole setup using some angle iron , 11/4 & 1 inch steel pipe , and two Droll Yankees curved hooks.I have not had one red or gray squirrel break into the feeder or figure out a way to hang on to the feed holes as some reviewers have stated . I have approximately 20 squirrels hanging around my yard . This feeder is extremely durable , user friendly , and has solved my squirrel problems . That is why I ordered a second one to replace another tube feeder.I highly recommend having a raccoon baffle especially if they are a problem in your area . Cardinals , Grosbeaks , and Finches use the feeder without a problem .
 I have read numerous reviews about `` squirrel proof '' feeders and I have had many battles with squirrels . I settled on this feeder and I am glad I did purchase it . Squirrels DO N'T like this feeder and the birds do.I am very pleased that for 5-6 months I have only been feeding the birds .
 I first saw this product on Martha Stewart show and kept it in the back of my mind for father 's day . It was a great gift ! In the seemingly ever continuing saga of dad v squirrels this has kept my a few more of the seedy pests from abusing the birdseed and gives my dad a little piece of mind . According to my father it works great against the squirrels . I recommend it to those that can afford it . It is pricey but if you are looking for a good quality gift that works , this seems to be the best bird feeder with an added good-karma bonus you know just in case you come back as a squirrel .
 I bought this feeder because the individual perches allow several birds to feed at one time . No cumulative weights . It took two - three weeks for the birds to adjust to it . The cardinals do not seem to like it that much but they will feed from it . The springs in the feeding arms make a tapping noise when the cardinals fly off . This does not happen with the smaller birds . It is fun to watch squirrels , dove , and blue jays drop off the perches when they release . The large tube is great for being away for a day or two .
 I like this feeder for so many reasons . I 've owned this feeder since 2006 -LRB- 5 years now -RRB- and it still works great . It 's truly squirrel-proof in my experience . It also accomodates many sizes and types of birds . It holds lots of seed and keeps it drier than most tube feeders . For full review of this feeder -LRB- and many more -RRB- , see my blog at Curious Wren -LRB- dot com -RRB- . I have pictures there of this feeder thwarting my local squirrel .
 Bought this as a gift for my husband for Christmas to replace an old , cheap feeder . We get lots of squirrels and I wanted one that kept them away . When we first hung it , the squirrels could climb up the shepherd 's hook that it was on , stretch out , grab the feeder with its front legs and eat the seed . Then we got a long bracket , -LRB- longer than the stretch of the squirrel -RRB- , nailed it to a tree in our yard , and so far , the squirrels can not get to it .
 I placed the feeder on a tree branch overhanging a wooden fence well within reach of squirrels . I have 3 other tube feeders in other locations in my back yard and have about 8 cardinals that frequent the feeders . At first I was concerned because the Yankee Whipper -LRB- filled with Black Oil Sunflower seed -RRB- was attracting the birds but when the cardinals attempted to land on the perch , their inertia would tilt the perch slightly and they would flutter back away from it . If this happens to you , do n't worry . Within a few days they will get used to it and learn just how to land and not be intimidated by the slight tilt . Now it is the red birds favorite feeder and I go through a whole tube of seed about every 3 days . They love it ! So do the finchs , nut hatches , tit mouses , and chickadees . And no squirrels -LRB- or doves -RRB- attempt to rob the seed . They are contented to stay on the ground underneath and scrounge for the dropped seeds . The Whipper is very well made , easy to fill -LRB- get the seed scoop -RRB- and I could n't be more pleased with it .
 I loved the ideas behind this feeder ; capacity , simplicity and squirrel-proof-ness . It is easy to load and clean . I hung as directed , far away from branches under shelter . This is my usual spot and I have always had lots of birds . I still have the birds but very few actually alight on the feeder . They are mostly on the ground . Could it be that the &#34; whippers &#34; feel unstable ? I am using black sunflower seed now but I will try a mix and see if that helps . I 'll keep you posted .
 I have had the Droll Whipper in service in my Evanston backyard for the past five months and I am very happy with its ability to keep my area 's squirrels at bay . The squirrels in my neighborhood spent the first few weeks after installation trying to crack the security of this feeder . They eventually gave up the frontal assaults and they now content themselves with picking through the chaff on the ground underneath the feeder . So , five stars for the squirrel deterrence features of the Whipper , at least for my neighborhood!Very solid construction , IMO , for the Whipper , and I now expect this feeder to last me many years with just occasional maintenance and cleaning . -LRB- Twice a year ? -RRB- The one problem I have experienced with this feeder is that the 30 lb bags of Valley Splendor bird feed that I typically get from my local Costco are NOT a good long-term match for this type of feeder
 I have been feeding the birds for 14 years , with many different types of feeders , and this is by far the best feeder I have ever purchased . I already have this same blue feeder for over 8 years , but I purchased another one to hang on the other side of the yard , since I love it so much .
 Absolutely the best feeder we 've ever had . Durable and completely squirrel-proof . Worth the $ $ $ .
 This is worth every cent it gives never ending entertainment.The squirrels are unstoppable but this unit does one of the best jobs of holding them off that I have seen.The squirrels seem to enjoy the ride and just keep going back for more and as the feeder spins it is shaking out seeds and the squirrels on the ground benefit.I have bought just about all of the anti squirrel bird feeders and this one does one of the best jobs ' but it 's entertainment value is the best ' you will enjoy watching the squirrels put this thing thru it 's paces .
 This bird feeder really does foil the squirrels . I have replaced all the feeders that the squirrels have destroyed with this one !
 This is my third Yankees 4 port Bird Feeder . We have many black squirrels ... try as they might ... they simply fall off . We see many wonderful birds . . The very best bird feeder I 've ever seen .
 So far , ONE month of success for me ... ZERO wins for the squirrels !! This squirel proof feeder is working very well for us and we are getting &#34; flocks ' of little birds .
 Bought this as a replacement for a `` regular '' birdfeeder , which used to be fully emptied of 1.5 lbs of seed within 12 hours of filling , thanks to the squirrels.This one is NOT Squirrel proof . it just is n't . in order to call it Squirrel Proof , it would have to be impossible for them to access or ever get to the seed . However , it IS very squirrel resistant . I 've watched them try , and now instead of 100 % accuracy , they are down to about 2-4 % at best . It is fun to watch them try and fail . It holds a lot of seed , and while the squirrels have occasionally managed to lunge at it and hang onto the bottom , it 's pretty infrequent that they succeed and I have not yet had to refill the feeder - it 's been up almost 3 weeks now and only 20 % emptied.Further , since hanging this in our yard , we have seen new birds ! Tufted titmice never were members of our menagerie , but now they are . hooray !
 I love this birdfeeder so much this is my second one . My first one is several years old and still good as new . Finally a feeder that baffles my squirrels . The price may seem expensive , but it 's worth every penny . And Droll Yankee stands behind their products with free replacement parts if ever needed . A great choice !
 I 'm an avid bird feeder but I have an over abundance of squirrels in the area.The Whipper has completely foiled the squirrels . I 'm still feeding the same amount of birds but the seed consumption has been cut to below half . The cost savings will be fantastic.I 'm still feeding the squirrels but on a special squirrel feeder.NOTHING BUT GOOD THINGS TO SAY ABOUT THE WHIPPER !!
 It did it 's job almost as soon as it was filled with feed and hung . The birds loved it and we now have well over twice as many using it and waiting in line in a nearby tree.And the local squirrel , that had been cleaning out the previous feeder , came by to rob this new one and was promptly rejected ! Have n't seen him since . 8 ^ -RRB-
 I sit at the window and watch the squirrels TRY to get to the seed but they have not been able to get any . Now they are relegated to cleanup on the ground below the feeder . The Blue Jays are JUST light enough to feed from this unit .
 This is the second bird feeder of this kind that we have purchased . Though it is expensive , it is made of high quality material and is heavy . We have problems with raccoons in our neighborhood , and with the other feeders we had ... they would pull them off the hook . This one is too heavy to do that . It holds a lot of birdseed so we do n't have to fill it up so often . It is a great product .
 I have this one and another Droll Yankees bird feeder . I am quite happy with them that I ordered this one as a birthday gift for a backyard bird lover . He 's been enjoying the birds and likes that the squirrels ca n't get any bird seed .
 This is the second one of this model I 've bought . It has even been bear proof as the one that took out all of my other feeders could n't get into this one . I have since moved these two higher up the tree limb . They are now over ten feet off the ground and beyond the reach of the bears and the squirrels only tried them once . I would buy another one of these if I add another feeder for the birds .
 There is not much to say about this other than it 's a high quality product and should last years longer than cheaper feeders .
 This is a well built feeder but it does n't keep all squirrels from eating at it . We have one pesky critter that gets each of his four paws on a separate perch and as they lower it places his face right at the opening so he can just hang there and eat . It IS entertaining , I 'll admit , but not what you 'd expect from a unit made to prevent squirrels and heavy birds from eating at it !
 I have had this one for over a year and bought another one . It took the cardnals a while to figure it out but they finally feed at it . Anything bigger than the cardinal and they fall off . I ca n't believe how much bird seeds I am saving just by not having those squirrels making a pig out of themselves . This is truly worth every penny . It holds 5 lbs . of seeds so you are not making numerous trips out there and I ca n't believe the amount of bird traffic that I have out there . This is truly a great investment.UPDATE :09 / 20/2009Still working like a charm . NO SQUIRRELS ! I ended up buying another one so now i have 2 .
 I purchased this feeder because the grackles were emptying my other feeder in an afternoon . I hoped they 'd be heavy enough to tip these perches , and thus be unable to empty the buffet . Well , the perches DO dip under their weight , but the curve makes them easy to hold on to , and the grackles end up at perfect feeding height.If anything , this feeder attracted MORE grackles than my previous feeder that just had the little stick perches.The feeder seems well-made , and may or may not prove a challenge for squirrels . However , in my experience , `` nuisance '' birds like grackles perfer it to traditional feeders .
 This feeder gives anything over five ounces or so a rude surprise . Step on one of the feeder platforms and it immediately collapses . Highly shocking to squirrels , and even to crows , etc. . Very clever feeder .
 The feeder is very good . It is a heavy good built feeder . You still have to have a feeder pole with long arms and a pole where animals can not go up . A squirrel will go up the pole and hold on and pull the feeder to him . Racoons the same . The key is a good pole system and i found one in the squirrel stopper -LRB- see my other reviews -RRB- . I really enjoy and have fun now at my bird feeding station . I really like Droll Yankees feeders .
 Wonderful feeder , but as some other reviewers have pointed out , the smarter squirrels can figure this one out , by hanging from the bottom of the feeder . We solved this by using a baffle -LRB- a metal disk that is placed above the feeder , and keeps the squirrels from climbing down the wire -RRB- . So far , so good !
 I bought this feeder after my Flipper bit the dust -LRB- a bear climbed up on my back deck and knocked it to the ground -RRB- . I got the Dipper first to replace the Flipper -LRB- this is sounding silly already -RRB- and highly recommend it ! I like the Whipper too and the Cardinals actually prefer the curved perches over the post perches on the Dipper . I gave this one 4 starts and not 5 because one squirrel has already figured out how to defeat the larger curved perches and get to the seed . The Dipper has been 100 % squirrel & Blue Jay proof .
 I first had a Yankee Flipper and it did an excellent job of discouraging squirrels but soon the Grackles found the feeder and wiped it out in short order.I next bought a Yankee Whipper which again does an excellent job on squirrels , although one squirrel found out how to spread out its arms and slide down the barrel and grab on to a feeder port . I solved this by polishing the plastic with McGuiar 's Plastic Polish . Applied it , let it dry , and then wipe off -LRB- just like waxing a car -RRB- . No more squirrel problem . The Grackles have more of a problem with it , but they can still feed at it by carefully balancing and flapping their wings . It does n't stop 'em , just slows them down . Usually only one at a time will feed at the feeder.I talked with the people at Droll Yankee about it and one customer service person suggested that I put a small weight on the end of each curved whipper blade . That does temporarily help until the Grackles learn to put one foot against the weight and use it as something to stop their slide . I also tried putting some light weight oil on the curved blades ; it helps a little bit , but not much . I wish there was a way to lighten the tension on the perch blades or get lighter weight springs.I thought about purchasing a Yankee Dipper but based on the other reviews that once the perch tips downward then there is a way for the Grackle to grab on to something that attaches to the perch and be able to feed.In the final analysis , this will prevent squirrels from feeding , but only slow down the Grackles . I do n't know of anything better -LRB- believe me I have looked -RRB- . COME ON YANKEE DROLL PEOPLE , FIGURE OUT SOMETHING .
 Well made and the colors never faded yet after blowing in the wind for 3 years now . Never take flag inside .
 I 've had these gloves for over a month so far and they work great . They do n't hold up in extreme cold weather but are good other than that .
 I purchased these gloves for specifically working outdoors in cold weather . Previous gloves I 've worn were too bulky to do anything with my fingers ... and any thinner material gloves gave me better use of my fingers but left my hands too exposed to the cold air . I was hoping this would allow me to work with my fingers and keep my hands warm.They are very tight fitting , have a great grip to them with reinforced palms and are excellent to work in . However , after being outside in below freezing conditions for more than 10 minutes , my hands were so cold my fingers were numb . The rubber palm grip became hard and frozen and my hands felt so cold like air was going right through the gloves . So , I am back to bigger bulkier gloves just to stay warm outside . These are nice if you need to briefly work outside or absolutely need better control with your fingers . As for cold weather resistant ... NOT SO MUCH .
 if you want real warm hands buy mittens , these are nice gloves ... i work in the woods and they are holding up better than most gloves , the long cuff is very nice for keeping snow and chips out ... . i will buy them again .
 I have used alot of different work gloves over the past ten years , but this DeWalt gloves are the best yet ! Heavy duty and comfortable all in one . The only nice improvement would be a thinsolate version for winter use !
 These work gloves were a Christmas present for my son who is a volunteer fireman . He was very pleased with them .
 We bought our first batch of fence sections from Home Depot . We bought all they had . We needed more so we went back a few weeks later to see if they had gotten anymore in stock . Home Depot had a few and we bought them . We were trying to save our gardens from our very active puppies . I saw these on Amazon and they were cheaper than what we paid at Home Depot . The only drawback was the cost of shipping , but I paid for that with the Amazon credit card promotion . We are thrilled with our fencing and hopefully our Irises will have survived our puppies running through the garden .
 Absolutely love this item It was orderdere for a christmans present . I just hope that the person loves it as well
 This was just what i was looking for the flag is very cool and perfict for tailgating on game day . i will put this flag with my other 49ers flag i have and bothe will look very cool when we are at CandleStick tailgating . GO 49ers !!!!
 We love this flag , it is large and flies in the wind beautifuly . I think any 49er fan would be proud to fly it ! I 'm happy with it !!
 The flag was nice and large . The material was good and did well in a rain storm on gameday . The material did snag on something and it created a small run in it the 1st day but otherwise it has held up.Get the right flag pole if you are displaying it in that fashion .
 Price was terrific , delivery was on time and on schedule . Flag looks nice on my new flagpole ; I can switch between my 49er and USA flag quickly and easily . Would purchase from this seller again .
 I have this hanging outside on my covered deck.Excellent color -LRB- bold and clear -RRB- Good stitchingHas not yet frayed in the windGood feel for flag material
 since we 've installed the product . We are quite pleased and the product is not very intrusive on your window scene . Most people do not even notice it .
 I bought this item for my husband . He loves it ! He said the handles are long enough so he does n't feel the heat from the grill and the spatula lets him easily get the burgers off the grill to flip .
 I was skeptical . Most tool `` sets '' come with small , flimsy , tools that are barely worth the price of the box they come in . But the spatula , tongs , and brush in this tool set are worth the price alone . They are big and shiny and work . I like how the handles are stainless steel , but built in a way that does n't transfer the heat.Bonuses : Multi-use spatula also includes bottle opener in handle . -LRB- because it 's bad luck to grill without beer -RRB- Silicone brush is washable without getting nasty from marinade.Minuses : The knife arrived pretty dull , but nothing a cheap sharpener could n't fix.The over-sized fork is actually pretty nice , but we all know you are not supposed to poke your food while grilling.Eh : The skewers and corn holders and nice , but nothing exciting.Overall
 This BBQ set is well done -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . I 've had one for a while now and I have used it in both the harsh climate of West Africa and the frigid cold of Central Europe . It holds up . Well , the case does n't hold up so well ... After a few years it 's beginning to fall apart . But the main pieces , the pieces that you 're really going to use over and over again when you 're cooking meat on the open grill , hold up very well.We had a bad habit of leaving them outside when we lived in Africa and never once was corrosion a problem . Seeing as how everything else metal we had rusted through , this alone was a testament . The grill scraper is very efficient and we still have n't had the need to install the supplied spare that comes with the set.I would probably pay $ 20 for the spatula alone . I really like the side that you can use to cut the meat while it 's on the grill . The tongs are pretty heavy duty as well and the fork has been used to hold up a few large pieces of meat from time to time and never threaten to bend.Overall I like the way the pieces feel - very solid . I like the way they look - very classy . And I like the way that they last - Very durable.The only disappointment is the price - If I had the ability , I 'd wait until a summer BBQ sale to get one , but even at it 's list price , I would buy another one if I had to . Thankfully , so far I have n't had to .
 This is a nice high quality BBQ set . The tools are quite heavy and have great reach . The 18 piece tool set contains the following :4 in 1 SpatulaForkSilicone Basting BrushTongsKnife8 Corn Skewers4 SkewersAluminum Case -LRB- counts as 1 of the 18 -RRB- The tools are dishwaser safe , with a mirror polished finish which prevents rust and corrosion . Makes a great gift !
 I bought this for my father in law for fathers day and I know he loves to cook out . He absolutely loves this gift ! He was a very happy Daddy !!
 I got his for my boyfriend because he had one BBQ tool . He BBQ 's a lot , however the set is so nice he has n't used it ? All of the tools are VERY well built and the case is very sturdy and match the tools perfectly ! The handles are very sturdy and the set has everything that you could plus more to BBQ ! The set also includes corn on the cob holders which I thought was a nice addition . This set is well worth the price and sure to last a long time !
 I ordered this for my dad for fathers day and its great , We absolutely love it . Most people were complaining about a Crappy case but ours looks like it will last a little while , But the case is the only Bad thing about it so far ! I definitely recommend this for anyone who likes grilling .
 I purchased the Mr. BBQ grilling tool set to give as a Father 's Day gift . After reading other reviews for this item , I was a little worried about the quality of the case , but the tools are very sturdy , and the case does not look cheap . The long handles will keep your hands away from the flames and make it easy to flip your food.The gift recipient is very happy with the set and is anxious to fire up the grill ! ** A note on shipping
 I bought several sets of these to be prizes for a company cook-off . They 're super ! The tools are nice and solid .
 I gave this to my brother for Christmas and he really liked it . I think he will be using it this weekend -- Superbowl Sunday .
 I found this flag to be exactly what I was looking for . The color 's are bright and depict the original flags flown in Vietnam . Highly recommend it /
 We would have loved to have marble , but it was not cost-effective . For resin this is quite nice . It takes most of a bag of sand to fill the base , for stability , and we have had no problem with it tipping over . The bowl is somewhat shallower than we would have liked , but the birds enjoy it . Finches , sparrows , blue jays , mockingbirds , and even baltimore orioles are using it . My hubby spends hours just watching the feeders and birdbath !
 Mine lasted about year , outside in the elements . We have had extreme wind , rain and hail within that time and this flag stood up . Replacing two others so I am feeling the need to replace this too . Def buying this again . Just wish it was on Amazon Prime .
 These flags are pretty much the same flag , variying in colors and prices according to the seller . Because they all wear out due to the wind and rain , I found these flags were offered at a good price , arrived quickly and well packaged . I will order from this seller again when I need more .
 I have had this feeder for several months , so it is starting to look like an old dirty gym sock . It does it 's job though . There are always several birds feeding from it at once . A few are gold finches . I was very disappointed with a metal feeder that I tried first . The birds just could n't figure out what it was . There was no problem getting them to feed from this sock , though .
 The yellow finches and pine siskins trade off hanging off this sock ; sometimes both at once . Hanging practically upside down is one of their natural ways of feeding . What I particularly like about this sock feeder is that it is slightly softer than others I have bought . I would imagine it is more comfortable for the birds to hang onto . Also 22 inches of nyjer seed must be heaven for those finches .
 The flag is exactly what I was looking for . It came very fast and looks just like the picture .
 I got this for my 7 year old grandson . He lives in Wichita Falls , Texas . He was watching the Redskins game and his mom said that Michael is watching his Nannie 's favorite team . -LRB- Me -RRB- and he was rooting for the Redskins . He said he wanted a flag . Well I got him one and now I will be ordering me one .
 The flag is beautiful and sturdy . I have had it outside since I got it 2 months ago and even though the Skins have not performed that well the flag certainly has :--RRB- !!
 I received the flag in just a few days after ordering . I found that it was a good value and of good quality , also .
 This flag is excellent ! I checked the military websites to order one , and they were asking an enormous price . This flag was so greatly valued , and the quality is excellent .
 This flag is just what our Blue Star Moms group needed to display at various events . It was very inexpensive and big enough to make sure that we get seen.Thanks.A grateful Mom
 This service flag is a lot bigger than I imagined it to be . I did not realize how big 3ft x 5ft is . My fault . A smaller size would be easier to display . Other than that it 's perfect .
 This flag is awesome . Very nice looking and made of a nice nylon material which should hold up good to the weather . I will fly this flag proudly and believe it will stand the test of time .
 Thanks for a great way to show my pride for my son who is far away !
 Fast shipping . Great price .
 This is a good quality flag at a great price . It was just as it was described and shipped quickly too .
 I didnt realize it was going to be so big but itdoes fit in the bedroom window nicely and appreciate it .
 This item was excellent in all ways . It is a high quality flag with strong grommets . The price was excellent . It was delivered very quickly and exceeded all expectations .
 2 years later and it 's still hanging proudly in front of my house . There is some weathering but it just adds to the look . It 's a large flag but it 's what I wanted .
 SO CUTES ! . THE SIZE IS PERFECT !! . THE PRICE EXCELLENT
 These are such a nice accent for my patio . They are just the right size and there was no assembly required . . just fold down the shelves and put the corners on their hooks . Love them ... however , though the price was great but you pay almost as much in shipping cost due to the weight ... still ... you end up paying only about $ 40 for two nice corner plant stands !!
 I looked forever and could n't find a rotating flag pole to keep my American flag from getting tangled . I gave up my search and went online to Amazon and found the perfect one for the price . It works fine and I am very happy with the product , but there is one catch . Soon after I purchased it , I found that every WalMart and True Value store started carrying them at about half the price . So , although I got what was initially a good deal , there was a better one waiting for me . Why is it that we find out these things AFTER we make the purchase ? My suggestion ? Shop around !
 After going through a number of wooden ones that our harsh Maine winters demolished , I decided to go with an Alum Flag Pole . It has performed excellently and the wife puts a new flag every month . It has outlasted all the wooden ones by a large margin and should last for a long time to come .
 I was a bit disappointed when I received the item , assuming it would have a lower clip for the flag . I do like the pole but I had to order separately the clips which I have since received . My flag is up and the wind really whips Old Glory around . Over all I am definitely satisfied and I would definitely recommend the pole , but the seller of the pole should indicate that the buyer will have to buy a clip separarely and it can be ordered through Amazon also .
 Works well and has already survived some serious weather outside . It did take the birds a few weeks to discover it but now that they have it is perfect for keeping the squirrels out and getting to see the birds up close . The cats like it too -LRB- to watch through the window of course -RRB- .
 We gave this to our Grandson , who has it on his window . A lot of fun to watch all the birds gather and learns the names of the birds that are feeding .
 I have tried many different styles of window feeders and this one is the best . I live where we get lots of snow and this feeder 's roof protects the seed from getting too wet . It also holds quite a bit of seed so we do n't have to refill it as often . The bluejays stay away from it as they are too large to fit on it . We get lots of chickadees , titmouse , and finches at this feeder
 We got this bird feeder for our sons ' bedroom window . They love waking up to watching birds having breakfast at their window . I was afraid it might blow down on windy days so we took the bottom part off when we had 40 mph gusts . We had another severe wind warning and I barely got home before 70 mph gusts were hitting our house . I went around the corner to take it down and pieces of metal roofing were flying towards our yard so I went back inside and thought , `` Oh well , there goes the bird feeder . '' I went in my boys room to watch it get blown away and all of the seed was coming out like you see the jackpot money on tv , but the bird feeder did not budge . Very happy with the purchase .
 Small birds love to sit on this feeder at the window . Squirrels will chew on the roof to get at the seeds . I was able to cure that problem by mixing some hot pepper suet chunks into the seed mix -LRB- not harmful to birds , but squirrels hate it -RRB- .
 I 'm a long time bird feeding enthusiast here in New England . I have feeders at several places in my yard , and also have had a variety of window feeders over the years as well . Two things about window feeders I have figured out so far in my experience is that just about all are overpriced , and , that many are cheaply made to add insult to injury . I have had some window models that cost me three times as much as others and be made either just as cheaply , or even at times just fail in that they continually get the seed wet , or fall off all the time . This Window Cafe feeder is in my opinion the best window model I have ever owned . I have two of them and plan to order more . They are very sturdy , have three suction cups for extra holding strength , -LRB- most models have two , regardless of price -RRB- , and , the trays are removable for easy cleaning . The long roof line does a good job of keeping the feeders from getting wet , and it even holds a generous amount of seed for a window model . Last but certainly not least , it is very reasonably priced as compared to many that are more expensive and no were near as good . As of the time of this writing the Window Cafe even ships for free when bundled.In conclusion , as much as I love watching the birds at my feeders in the backyard , there really is n't anything like being inside relaxing and seeing them just fly up close and feed at the window . I really like this one , and I 've been through a lot of these . This is my favorite by far . Highly recommended ...
 We love this little feeder ! Our cat is home alone all day and it is now her `` job '' to watch all the birds come and eat out of it . It was easy to put up and amazingly stays with the heavy duty suction cups . We love this idea and plan on giving as gifts for Christmas . Love , love , love this item!Cafe Window Feeder , 3/4 Qt Clear
 I have had this product for at least five years and it was bought at a garage sale . It has feed many birds and it is so much fun to watch the birds have their feast , since I only put sunflower pieces in it . Enjoy !!
 I love the window concept for a bird feeder . It is fun to see the birds up close . The one drawback is that the feeder is too small for birds such as cardinals to land on .
 I live in a city high-rise and this feeder was causing a small riot
 This is a neat looking feeder , sturdy , and seems to be staying put well but , since it has only been up for 10 days or so , I can not tell how the birds like it because they have n't found it yet ! I realize it can take a while so I wo n't give up . I am counting on it being small enough so the Grackles wo n't be able to use it ; they like to come in droves and clean a feeder out in a hurry . I have many other feeders hanging on poles in my back yard and find I can not see them well from where I spend most of my time . This one is on a window where I can see it easily so have high hopes .
 I bought this feeder for my boyfriend for our anniversary because he loves birds so much . That was 5 days ago . The first bird showed up the next day , and today , there were 6 or 7 birds trying to get in on this ! I 'm sure that it depends on your area -- we have a tree right outside our window , so that helped . But the point is that the birds are n't afraid to eat from it , which is what I was worried about.The suction cups work great , even with three regular sized birds on it -LRB- one was sitting on the roof ... cute . -RRB- A note about that -- I do with it were a little bigger , in hindsight ! It can only really fit two birds on it at a time , maybe three , especially if they 're little . Bigger birds might have a little trouble landing because of the roof ; I 've noticed they have most success flying up from below . But they will try , and they 'll figure it out!Long story short
 These were purchased as gifts and I have received some nice thank you notes in return . Appear to be well made .
 The two cats not compete to see who is first to get to ` watch the feeder ' . When through a cold period and the suction cups stayed solidly attached . Lots of fun to watch the predators ` chirp ' to the birds they ca n't get to .
 This is a nice item if you enjoy bird watching from inside your home . Very easy to put up and and fill !
 It 's so much fun to watch the birds feeding right at the window ! It took them a while to find the feeder , so be patient!Got one for my mother , and then got another for me ! These are very easy to fill . I would recommend this feeder to all my bird loving buddies -LRB- :
 Our granddaughter loves watching the birds feed from this feeder . Sticks to the window and stays . Great product !
 I find this a very sturdy little feeder . The blue jays found the feeder right away - they do n't fit but they fly in , grab a bite and fly right out again much to the entertainment of the cats.I took in my big feeder when Sandy hit but forgot to take this off the window and it was in the back , right in the direct line of the winds - so that shows that the suctions cups that they give you really do hold well . We lost many trees but this held on . During the storm some of the smaller birds found the feeder and so now some of the smaller birds are sitting in there now.I like this feeder - it is easy to put up , easy to fill and very sturdy .
 I have not had any of the trouble some of the reviews have addressed . The feeder must be put together and placed on the window correctly . The picture shows a Cardinal but I think a Cardinal would be to heavy . I have mine in an area that has mostly Black Capped Chickadees . Perfect for what I needed .
 This feeder stays attached to window really well ! Small birds love it ! And the view of the birds is not obstructed ! I liked it so much I bought the same feeder for my Ma , an avid bird watcher . Just prepare yourself for lots of little bird poops !
 Great feeder . It doesnt get wet in the rain . It also seems to have little waste on the ground . It stays full a long time with lots of birds feeding . They dont seem to knock it all over . I bought two and love them so much im ordering two more as gifts .
 This little bird feeder is just great . It lets only one bird at a time on either side which is preventing the violent battles -LRB- who knew birds were so angry ... -RRB- that used to take place with the bigger feeder . Sticks to the window that gets the morning sun and has n't fallen off . Perhaps most importantly , no squirrels . Not that we are anti-squirrel ...
 This thing is awesome . i have a big picture window in my living room , its like all day nature channel . took a while for the birds to find it , but now its sweet .
 Chickadees and Finches found it in two days . Easy to put up , easy to refill . Just clean window surface and slighty moisten the suction cups . Feeder even stayed up through 70 mph blizzard winds last week ! I looked at several window feeders and I 'm glad I decided on this one . We love watching the birds so close . The kids want me to buy more to put up .
 love the view it provides . super easy to hang . stays up great . easy to fill
 I really had my doubts as to whether the birds would come right up the window to feed , but sure enough they do!It is very easy to fill , the seed stays dry and even after months of use , it has stayed put on the window , never once falling off.We 've had house finches , carolina chickadees , carolina wrens , yellow-rumped warblers , titmice and even a brave cardinal pair . We pull the blinds all the way up so that we can get get a close look and photograph the birds . As long as we are relatively still when they fly up , they do n't seem to mind our watching.Another bonus
 Another great Gilmour product , this hose really doses not kink . I have bought several to replace all the hoses I have around my properly . Great products , if you need a hose do not settle for anything less than a Gilmour .
 Was delighted with how swiftly my flag arrived ! Was a gift for my son who is tracing our European heritage . The flag was beautiful and more that I anticipated ! Thank-you so much . Will be a customer from now on and have told others about this. : -RRB-
 wonderful , perfect flag ! I bought this for my part-Russian husband and he LOVED it ! It is hanging on our dining room wall now .
 Great product for what I payed for . It takes a while for the folds marks to come out but thats expected .
 Step back into history with this great flag , so well detailed , just like those that flew above the residences of the Czar ! A great item to be framed and hung in your home as well . The polyester materials ensure a long lasting like new appearance . As an Imperial Russian history buff , I was delighted to receive this . Who knew these were still being made ? I am believing you can find just about anything on Amazon Marketplace ! Great value for the money !
 Great flag . Ordered an 3 days later i got it . was fairly cheap only ~ 5 $ with shipping . great condition -LRB- must be ironed to take creases out -RRB- got exactly what i wanted and payed for . this flag is awesome
 Great product , exactly as described online . Fast shipping . Makes a great gift since it is small and does not cost a lot .
 This is a great flag for the price ! Understand its not a super thick material but it sure is an excellent flag with metal holes making it ready to fly . I 'm very picky but I will have no problem flying this in front of my house . Very satisfied ! I would definitely buy again .
 Good colors , nice quality , Flag has been out in the rain many times , No fad or lose of color due to getting wet .
 I was looking for three -LRB- 3 -RRB- flags to display in my front yard . This fit the bill . Thank You .
 Will determine after it has flown outside for a while . It looks good , but being out in the elements will determine if this was a good purchase .
 This flag is HUGE and made very well . I bought this for an Arkanasan , and he loved it .
 My husband and I absolutely love this hammock . We have had this for about two years now and it is holding up great . What is great about the rope hammocks over the fabric hammocks is that they dry very easily and are easier to keep clean . This comfortable holds the two of us and occasionally a dog.UPDATE
 I have been using this on an extra deep deck railing - close to 6 '' - it really does seem like it should fit any size railing too . It tightens up by turning the eyescrew to the left , not to the right as you would think . It 's out year round in NY , holding a pole , extra wide tray and cover . I highly recommend Droll Yankee products.6-21-12 TWO YEARS ON - This is still working as new ! No chips , rust , stress cracks and bears regularly yank it off to get at the bird feeder . I 've added a squirrel barrier and a hanging feeder to the load too . Still tightens down tight . Make it America and it keeps working !
 This clamp works great . I have used it to attach my tiki torches to my deck . They survived recent 70 mph wind gusts here in the Chicago area . -LRB- As a side note , whatever this clamp is clamping needs to be really close to 1 '' dia . pole . -RRB-
 Wow ! For the price and speed with which it was shipped , this was a great deal all around . Flag was decent quality .
 We have used one of these scarecrows for 2 seasons and will say it works 90 % of the time . It especially works when we forget it 's there and walk into the middle of the garden and get blasted . But today I went out and saw my row of squash nibbled to nubs , so obviously it did n't catch that critter . We 've had problems in the past with ants building a colony in front of the sensor , so it 's important to open the housing and check it once in a while , especially if it does n't seem to be working as well as it used to . Since we have a lot of animal problems -LRB- ground hogs and deer -RRB- , it 's on alert 24/7 so it 's much better than having nothing . We 've decided to buy another one for the other side of the garden . 2 sensors have to be better than 1 .
 It 's only in the fine print -LRB- not in the sale description -RRB- that this device has limited range of 30 to 80 psi for operation . I live in the hills , where ` street pressure ' is 180 psi and this is what goes to my hose connections . Great for operating irrigation systems -- bad for these plastic valves.If your pressure is this high , you must place a Pressure Reducing Valve at the hose-bib before attaching your hose to the device . A Pressure-Reducing-Valve , not a Pressure-Regulator . You can get these with the correct hose-connectors at Grainger -- but they are difficult to find on the web . Cost of the valve & connectors will be more than the ScareCrow -- but the system works fine.I think this pressure limitation should be in the published ` specifications ' .
 The system seems to work just fine . One note
 I 've been using the Scarecrow Sprinkler for 4 weeks now , and I am so glad I finally bought it . I have been dealing with the raccoons tearing out the lily pads , flowers and eating the fish from the pond . It was driving me nuts . The Scarecrow worked immediately . The raccons were visiting every night and getting nailed by the water jet from the Scarecrow every night . I still have the lily pads and I still have all of my fish -LRB- which are growing quite nicely -RRB- .
 I agree with all of the five star reviews so I wo n't rehash them . What I did n't expect is the great entertainment value of this thing . My grandsons were at the house on Sunday , and the kiddie pool developed a leak , so I needed something to entertain them . I put the scarecrow out in the backyard and told the kids to try to sneak up and touch the `` eagle '' on the nose . Screaming laughter and jubilant mayhem ensued ! What fun ! The kids were totally worn out and slept like angels after playing with the `` eagle '' . Next time we will attempt a modified game of `` red light-green light '' and have even more fun.And this thing works on deer/rabbits/neighborhood dogs too .
 It seemed to work pretty well but I had to make sure I had good fittings otherwise it would leak at the connection -LRB- plastic fitting , metal hose connector -RRB- also , be careful of your water pressure or you wo n't get quite the control over the distance of the unit , the pressure also made the unit rock loose a few times where I had to brace it with rocks . . partly because I was fearful of hammering the -LRB- plastic -RRB- stake all the way into the ground . Once setup it worked fine , just as advertised and no animals wandered into the area that was being protected .
 We have chickens that wander around the outside of our house . We love the fresh eggs but hate the mess they leave on the walks . So I bought one of these to see if they would deter the chickens and it worked great . So I bought another three of them and placed them on either side of the side walk . The chickens or any other animal do n't dare to cross the scare crow . I love this product .
 - Had to update review -- 5 years later this is still working and keeping our little garden from being completely dug up , plus has provided countless hours of fun for my kids who like to prank their friends with it . From 2007 review-This is the best squirrel deterrent so far . We tried pepper spray , blood powder -LRB- ? -RRB- , and other stinky spray but our Brooklyn squirrels were n't deterred from digging up our expensive ground cover . We put off buying the Contech Scarecrow because of the price but it 's the only thing that works . Simple to set up but you have to play with the direction of spray and it 's scope to get the best effect -LRB- it may be good to change this every few weeks to keep the critters on their toes -RRB- . It does n't hurt them -LRB- I read somewhere that they can be blinded by pepper spray -RRB- and it 's FUN to watch them try to avoid the spray or get zapped by it . One problem is that they can still dig right under the Scarecrow where the spray does n't reach but their little brains do n't remember that from day to day . I wish I had bought it sooner . Great product -- wish it was $ 20 cheaper .
 Length :
 I 've been using this product for one week and so far , its been 100 % effective at keeping squirrels out of my garden . Before I started using it , my yard was a squirrel haven . I have n't seen a single squirrel since I installed it last week , it seems as though they got the message pretty quickly . Hope it continues to work so well ! The only negative comment I have is the company 's name
 OK , so maybe I was a little skeptical ... but this item has so many good reviews -- I had to try it ! Now , granted , I 'm writing this review only after having had it installed for a couple of days ... and it 's in place somewhat prior to the time that we anticipate having deer infiltrate our tomatoes , but our tests have been successful.It will take some time to see how well it really holds up . It would have been nice to see a metal sprinkler head , etc. vs. the plastic , but again , so far it is working . If it continues to work as well as it has so far , I anticipate that we may be purchasing one or two more for other areas .
 This seems to work but it is brand new . Watched deer come in to the garden and run off when it went off , however , have n't had long enough to see if they will become accustomed to it . Also , my garden is 45 by 45 foot and it would be better to have two , in opposite corners ; when I ordered it my impression was that with that size one would be big enough , so I will have to order another . So far , so good .
 The sprinkler seems to be working . The fish are still in the pond and that is longer than they have lasted with any other solution I have tried . Hopefully the birds wo n't get wise to it like they have the other things I have tried , but I would definately recommend this to anyone having problems with birds raiding their ponds .
 We have used this to deter elk from stripping our aspen trees and eating seeds out of bird feeders . We have seen it in operation Works great . Also works at night .
 I purchased two of these sprinklers a month ago and they seem to be keeping the deer away from my apple trees . I think the noise they make scares the deer as much as the water spray does . Takes a while to get the motion sensor adjustment right . Overall , I am very satisfied with them .
 This sprinkler really works , we have a momma deer and two fawns living in the woods behind our house and it keeps them out of the garden ! Would recommend this product to anyone with deer , rabbit or racoon problems !!!!!!
 I 've used the Scarecrow for 10 + years and I 'm here to tell you that it works great for keeping the deer and birds out of my raspberries . Watched a doe walk into range of it just the other day and she bolted like she 'd been poked with a cattle prod . I have two of them hooked up ! They even work great on my wife , grandkids and friends and even I forget about it sometimes !
 Bought this to keep cats from killing the birds at my feeders . Since it 's been installed , we 've stopped seeing cats in the yard at all , even though it only sprays a small area . I guess they decided it was just too weird and they did n't want to take any chances.I do wish the angle of the spray could be adjusted , as a previous reviewer noted , but it is n't enough of a problem to bother me OR the birds .
 The Scarecrow arrived promptly and worked as desdribed . The first time my wife walked by it scared the crap out of her . Turned out my pool defecator was a frog . Obviously not deterred by the scarecrow . The kids think it 's fun to run past .
 We were concerned that a heron was raiding our koi pond . We tried various remedies , but none of them worked all the time . We purchased the Scarecrow Sprinkler and ever since feel that our koi are safer and happier . We also added a ledge propped up on two six-inch stones in the deepest part of the pond as a hiding place . Between the two solutions , no more worries ! This would work well in a garden as well .
 The Scarecrow is the only thing I have found that actually works . Highly recommend it .
 The product works pretty much as advertised . The device can detect when there is an animal in its area of operation but is not so sensitive that blowing leaves and whatnot set it off . So far it has done a good job of keeping the deer out of my flowers . The cats have learned to avoid it and the neighborhood kids like to see how close they can get without setting it off .
 In only takes one irresponsible neighbor -LRB- with five free-roaming cats -RRB- to turn a lush , carefully tended garden into a giant litter box . After many months of battling the cats with mothballs , expensive cat deterrence chemicals , the garden hose and complaints to the pet owner , I decided to try Contech 's scarecrow sprinkler . I 'm happy to say it works beautifully . Set-up was easy and I was able to set the appropriate water flow , coverage area and sensitivity with just a bit of trial and error . The unit is a little on the expensive side , but well worth it . I 'm finally cat-free .
 I am very please with this invention the water scarecrow.I set it up in a couple of minutes.I purchsed it because the herons a large saltwater bird was eating mykoi , and pond fish . Yes I saw him on several occasions.This is very versatile unit , for freshly seeded lawns . Uses are endless.One thing that I believe you should be aware of is haveing a very hardy , strong hose that supplies the water . Due to the fact the hose will be in the sun and on and unless its of superior quality it will eventually explode.I adapted a washing machine hose . Since these are made to stay on all the time . -LRB- dont know How it will do in the sun though . Because the washing machine hose has two female ends I got an adapter to change sexes . My hose bib was close to where I was going to connect the device.Very pleased.Mitch San Diego
 I have 4 dogs and 2000 square feet of grass . Needless to say , the grass was looking quite ratty . I had yellow burnt spots and other deposits everywhere . After receiving this product , it was really easy to assemble and operate , and it really works . My lawn is looking really good . I do not have any new damage . My children love this product . They have made a game out of who can sneak up on the scarecrow before activating it , then run screaming before getting sprayed .
 Sprinkler works well , motion sensor etc. . The scarecrow is the only thing that has worked for our deer problem . In fact I 've ordered three more . While the deer keep trying , the scarecrow has worked better than anything we found and my flowers have a chance . Would recommend !
 I live in Colorado with HERDS of mule deer and they have destroyed thousands of dollars worth of shrubs and plants in my yard . The Scarecrow is the only reliable means of keeping deer from eating my plants . I use 4 of them and connect them with multiple hoses -LRB- you can cut the hose to the length you need -RRB- so that I can cover my most vulnerable plants . 2 drawbacks - you have to remember to walk BEHIND the Scarecrow :-RRB- and you ca n't use them if the temps go below freezing . Even with those drawbacks , the ScareCrow has been well worth it .
 Greatest thing I have ever purchased . It protects our fish pond from several varmits that had already eaten some of our prized KOI . Love It . Gets the wife and dog sometimes also.Great shipping and reasonable easy set up .
 I really have to commend this product as it worked exactly as advertised.I was having a problem with cats in the area going to my backyard and using my flower area as their litter box . I tried using sprays , moth balls , and chicken wire but each time I would be greeted by `` presents '' in the morning.Last week The Scarecrow arrived and within ten minutes I had it assembled and pointed toward my flower area . Later that day , I heard it go off and watched as a cat was trying to sneak past it . He made it half way and then was sprayed again!I have not seen any cats here in over a week and have not had any cat `` presents '' to pick up .
 I bought this earlier in the summer on the recommendation of a colleague . I have a small vegetable garden and raised flower bed area that had been mowed down by hungry deer . The scarecrow works great at repelling animals and preventing destructive behaviors.Incredibly simple
 Great product these were the 4th and 5th ones I have purchased . Keep the deer away and last a long time . My first ones lasted 10 years which is very good for the price.I would buy these again and again
 I had terrible problems with Racoons coming in at night and digging up the lawn looking for grubs . I ordered this product and it has worked great . No more racoons and my lawn is finally coming back ! Thanks for a great product .
 This is about the coolest thing . You better watch out , because it wo n't know if it sees a varmint or if it is you passing in front . Be sure to turn it off when you walk in the garden . There 's no getting away from it .
 I really love this . Wish I had gotten it sooner in the year before deer decimated my flowers repeatedly . Now it scrams them immediately , as well as the unsuspecting cat or two . Flowers are flourishing that I forgot I had . This thing has showered some family members who forgot it was on . Great invention !
 It works surprisingly well , certainly keeping the critters seeking to feed on our fish away ! It also keeps away the other birds and hummers that liked to drink from the fountain , a trade-off we had n't expected , but I suppose life is full of trade-offs , and this is one of them !
 Mounted this at the end of our dock just above our boat . Have n't had any bird dung since I put this up . Filter screen in device rusted so removed and it works fine .
 I bought this unit after reading many mixed reviews online . Needless to say I was pretty impressed with the effectiveness of the scarecrow combined with a digital tap timer.I have aquaponics set ups in my backyard and the plant components are crucial to the little ecosystem that aquaponics revolves around . With possums -LRB- they are protected pest in QLD Australia but I dont see the reason why -RRB- decimating anything remotely fresh green and edible to the ground literally , I resorted to many different ways of keeping them off my plants . I tried concoctions of organic and non toxic sprays and erecting a chicken fence -LRB- open top -RRB- to no avail.I finally decided to get a scarecrow delivered and boy it works well when properly aimed and sensitivity adjusted . It works very well in direct line of sight -LRB- and for possums size -RRB- to about 5 meters . I bought another scarecrow for coverage just a few weeks ago as my plants had taken off in the aquaponics and formed a thick bush.The only issues with the scarecrow are : - the sensitivity needs adjustment for windy days -LRB- really there is no way around this especially when trying to detect little animals -RRB- - lack of light sensor - inability of the sprinkler head to direct water straight forward -LRB- I had to aim the scarecrow a little bit downwards with the sensor about 1.5 meters off the ground and the precious plants at about 2 to 5 meters in front of the sensor so that the water will be sprayed directly to the possums and not over them -RRB- All in all I 'm pretty happy with the scarecrows and my aquaponics ecosystem is going pretty well .
 If you 've ever known the gardener 's heartbreak of wandering out on a nice summer day to find your entire garden mowed down to stumps , maybe my experience will help you.I live in far northern Michigan and we have too many deer to count up here . They 'll eat anything , even things that deer are n't supposed to like and only `` sample '' - and after 35 deer `` sample '' your plant , it 's history . I spent the last three years trying almost every spray , pellet , and liquid deterrent on the market , and they are a -RRB- expensive b -RRB- do n't last very long c -RRB- stink , and d -RRB- DO N'T WORK . I was down to the suggested `` hang bars of Irish Spring all over the garden , along with used CDs '' , but making it look that trashy kind of defeats the purpose of having a garden , IMO . And I do n't own a shotgun , which was going to be the NEXT plan . After losing hundreds of dollars worth of roses , hosta , shrubs , and other plants , plus the cost of all those useless deterrents , I decided to purchase a couple of Scarecrows . BEST GARDEN INVESTMENT I 'VE EVER MADE.I put a splitter on the garden hose and mounted the Scarecrows about five feet up on posts facing west and north , which are the most exposed areas , and I 've seen plants bloom this summer that I 've never seen before . The spray will shoot about 25 feet , over my head for the most part , and the deer wo n't come near the garden . THIS PRODUCT IS AWESOME ! My only caveat is that , because the deer here will eat 24/7 , I leave the sprinklers on all the time and the batteries only last about a month . -LRB- Actually , the grandkiddo thinks it 's hilarious to try and set off the sprinklers and it will keep her entertained for a long time . -RRB- You 'll know the batteries are getting low when the sprinkler only pulses for a second , rather than the three-second burst it should give off . Also , nearby branches waving in the breeze will occasionally set off the sprinkler . What the heck , so the grass is getting some extra water . It will detect motion up to about 30 feet away - the manufacturer does n't lie about that.I ca n't praise this product enough . Instead of hundreds of dollars in replacement plants and useless sprays , I 'm down to about twenty bucks in batteries over the course of the summer . And the Scarecrows are easy to install -LRB- I bought the separate mounting brackets so I could put them up on posts ; the sprinkler comes with a stake to mount it down near the ground -RRB- . If you have problem deer , this product should be the first thing on your list to try . It 's no more expensive than the gallons of ineffective deer repellent you 'll got through , and at the end , you 'll actually have plants and flowers to enjoy .
 I bought the scarecrow sprinkler to stop my neighbors cat `` cat from hell '' from using my vegetable garden as his personal litter box . I have a large garden so every time i would place chicken wire where the cat would dig he would just find a new spot in my yard , i have a 1/3 acre so this was driving me nuts , after moving the sprinkler several times , then finally back to the vegetable garden.Relief at last ! every time the cat came over he got a soaking.now he runs past my house even though i put the sprinkler away for the winter.I even have two dogs who could n't accomplish these results .
 Seems as thought this item worked since no animals appeared once I started using the motion activated spinkler . Prior to this raccoons and skunks had dug up a significant portion of my lawn . Quality of the actual sprinkler seems good and it works well .
 This product worked exactly as advertised . The neighborhood stray cats were using our backyard as a litter box . Prior to installing the Scarecrow , our dogs appreciated the special treats they found in the morning .
 Like so many others , we were tired of our neighbor 's dog using our grass as her toilet . We put this in and my husband said that he mowed the grass for the first time without stepping on dog poop ! There has been no poop since the scarecrow has been in.Pros
 Sprinkler worked great . The dogs that have been leaving their `` presents '' on my lawn have been getting wet and running off in fear . You probably would need to buy two of them depending on the size of your lawn . But overall it works great and I would recommend it to everyone .
 Product was fair priced and came very quickly . I am very satisfied and so are my fish !!!!!
 The Scarecrow Motion-Activated Sprinkler works very well , however , it would be nice to have more adjustment options . Mainly the angle up and down at which it sprays . I do n't have a huge backyard but it 's not that small either and I had a very hard time adjusting the sprinkler head to keep the spray from going over my back or side fences and into the neighbors yards . I finally got the adjustment just right -LRB- after a couple of hours of trying -RRB- by changing the angle that the spike was pounded into the ground -LRB- or rock in the case of yards here in Phoenix -RRB- . Other than that , it works exactly how it is described and I would recommend it to friends and family .
 When I bought this I was skeptical , but hopeful . I had a problem with my neighbors cat not only using my front yard as a litter box , but afterward it would scratch , like a dog , to cover it 's business . And it returned frequently , which left very large patches of dead grass in my lawn . This took care of the problem in a humane way without causing discourse between neighbors . It takes a little adjusting to get it just the way you want it - spraying the cats but not everybody coming up the driveway - but overall a great product .
 Next door is three big dogs that stays inside except about three times each day they let them out to do their business on the nearby lawns.Since I got my Scarecrow Motion-Activated Sprinkler and they do not get on my lawn any more.I have tried electronic motion sensers and they did not work.I think the Scarecrow Sprinkler is the best thing since sliced bread .
 I received my Scarecrow within a week of my order . It was easy to assemble -LRB- enclosed directions did help -RRB- and very easy to set up . Motion activation sensitivity dial really helps in tight areas . I was able to set it up in my front yard to keep out unwanted animals , and yet , adjust the sensitivity so it would not go off when people were on the sidewalk .
 Since I have put my Contech Scarecrow in the front yard , not one dog has left it 's mark on my lawn . Thanks Contech .
 Contech CRO 101 Scarecrow Motion Activated Sprinkler , using this scarecrow to keep bears out of my fish pond and so far we have not had any bears .
 Product works to keep the stray cats out of my yard . It would be nice if you could separately adjust the sprinkler head and motion sensor . Tends to leak , so have to tighten periodically .
 THE GEESE REALLY HATE THIS . MUST BE CONNECTED TO GARDEN HOSE SO MUST BE MOVED TO CUT GRASS . ALSO WILL SPRAY ANYONE WHO WALKS IN ITS PATH . KEEPS STRAY ANIMALS OUT OF YARD AS WELL AS THE GEESE .
 Primarily used for cats.Doesn ' t detect very far BUT sure scares them when it does.Great to scare unwanted human visitors and trick or treaters.Haven ' t had so much fun in years watching people get squirted .
 this device has worked perfectly for 3 weeks deterring an experienced and hungry blue heron from my koi pond . only four stars based on inconsistant trigger level and i can not evaluate the longevity of the product .
 well pleased - product did exactly what i wanted - i know longer have cats messing in my flower beds .
 This is the ONE thing that actually kept the deer out of our garden all last Summer . All of the various repellents , sprays , dangly-things , and even electric fencing , only held Bambi and Bambi 's mother off for a week at best , then they would either get used to them or -LRB- in the case of fences -RRB- just jump over them.They ca n't seem to get used to this Scarecrow though - I guess it 's just too unpredictable for them . It held them off all season and I actually got veggies from my garden , whereas my neighbors got nothing but deer-droppings . So I 'm here to order another this year , to protect my flower garden as well . -LRB- I 'm also considering using one to ward off pumpkin-stealing pranksters at Hallowe'en - that ought to be a good `` treat '' ! -RRB- Oh , yah - that reminds me
 I found the scarecrow very easy to assemble and works as advertised . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 This `` scarecrow '' really works great . It keeps all of my neighbors ' 12 cats out of my flower beds and garden . It even works at night . Worth the money .
 This is the most affordable , effective , and humane -LRB- not to mention least chemically objectionable -RRB- way I 've found to discourage elk and deer from treating my rock garden like a salad bar , and that 's saying a lot considering I live in their restaurant :--RRB- ! Running hoses under pressure while the system is active , making sure the fittings are n't leaking and wasting water , and regularly checking the batteries are minor inconveniences compared to what a grazing herd of elk leave behind .
 Product works as described , but is n't for larger birds , such as Blue Heron , which is eating fish in koi pond .
 Works great ! We 've witnessed it in action . The deer were very startled and ran away immediately without having a chance to munch on any of our plants .
 The Scarecrow does a good job of keeping our dogs out of the garden . They learned to stay out in only a couple of days . It 's a bit overpriced , in my opinion , but Amazon 's price is as good as any on the Internet .
 It works as advertised and detects &#1072; nim &#1072; ls as small as a squirrel &#1072; nd sprays water for 8 seconds .
 We have a pond with Koi and goldfish . It was also very popular with the local Blue Herons who have eaten 30 fish so far . Have had scarecrow set up for 3 weeks now . It is the perfect solution for the Herons , raccoons and cats . The fish all say thank you !
 I had a big problem with stray cats pooping and urinating all over my lawn . I installed this product and not a trace of feces or the smell of urine in my backyard now . Great product , does exactly what it says it will do .
 We have n't used this product for very long , but so far it really works . It is annoying to forget that it is in the yard and walk out there to only get sprayed with water , but that does tell me that when the lovely deer come into my yard to eat my garden , they will get sprayed also . Maybe I 'll get to reap the benefits of my vegetable garden this summer ...
 Works great . It is saving my lawn from raccoons and squirrels digging it up . Great price from Amazon .
 Works well against unwanted guests around my pond . Will buy again.SF
 The scarecrow works as promised . It has all but eliminated one of my dogs need to do battle through the fence with the ` evil ' cocker spaniel that lives on the other side . My other dog thinks this is the best toy since his first kong . He 'll sit in front of it for an hour waiting for the spray to start and then bite the water . I hope the mechanism that controls the water is durable as I 'm sure it is getting far more use then it was intended for . Time will tell .
 Worked as advertised . Only took our dogs a couple of trips through the sprinkler to understand which part of the yard to avoid . Do n't know how long the battery will last but that 's not a big problem . Now if I can just get the scarecrow to recognize me and NOT trigger when I accidentally walk in front of it . : - -RRB-
 After years of futilely attempting to fend off deer with everything from bars of soap , human hair , milorganite , Liquid Fence and every other product imaginable , I finally found a product that works ... and harmlessly . I bought one last year to stand guard over my vegetable garden and had no deer damage . So I bought two more this year to protect other areas . This is the first year I 've had blooms on my rhododendrun , viburnum , and other flowering shrubs . Definitely well worth the investment .
 I 've got major deer problems in my suburban home . Countless dollars have been spent feeding the little critters with a buffet of Garden Plants and Shrubs . This product is the first product that I have found that keeps the deer out of the plants . I 've tried sprays and fencing and both of these have failed fairly quickly or in the case of sprays , just faded too fast . This sprinkler however has seemed to keep them at bay . Seems to work pretty well , but you ca n't use it for sprinkling , its only works when something sets it off . The bursts of water are fairly short , but startling enough that it gets me running out of the area when I forget to turn it off . It is a directional device in that you must aim it where you want to detect the movement , so its tough to protect a whole big area.I 've been very happy with the product . Hopefully the deer wo n't outsmart me again and figure out how to disengage it . They are sneeky . Also , the neighborhood kids seem to enjoy it .
 This product WORKS . It harmlessly , but very effectively chases deer , dogs , cats , squirrels ... you name it . The noise and the water spray really do the trick . Plus , it helps water the garden !
 I bought this in March of 2011 . I initially bought it to keep an aggressive cat out of my back yard . It worked for that . Now that cat avoids my yard and harasses other neighbors cats , or just sits in his driveway , staring at my cat.That same neighbor now has gotten chickens which started coming in my front yard and ripped out all of the bulbs and flowers I planted . I had to transfer the scarecrow from the back yard to the front yard now for the chickens . It also worked great to stop damage that they were causing.Unfortunately , I ca n't use it during the winter , but I only have problems with the cat during the winter.I do plan on buying 1 or 2 more for next summer.I believe the same company sells an air blaster that I can use during the wintertime.Over-all it has been very dependable for two seasons so far .
 This scarecrow was purchased to replace an existing unit that was damaged by our hard water . Scarecrow has stood guard over our front flowerbed for a year and during that time we have n't had any damage from deer . I like it . It works .
 I had an issue with feral cats using my garden as their personal litterbox . I tried sprinkling a 2 ' border of cayenne pepper around the garden , the cats just laughed and used the garden immediately after I put the cayenne pepper down . I bought the Scarecrow Motion Activated Sprinkler and have had no issues since !!! This method is the BEST for keeping unwanted creatures out of the garden or areas of the yard you do not want them in . I highly recommend it . -LRB- Just remember to turn the sprinkler off before you accidently walk in front of it , it will spray you !! -RRB-
 Appears to be effective in deterring neighborhood dogs from entering garden/grassy area I 'm trying to protect . My only complaint so far would be that it can not be operated below 32 degrees farenheit .
 I have used this product before and it is the only thing that keeps our large amount of deer out of my flower and herb bed . The minute they are turned off for the season the deer are right in my beds .
 very good price , rocket fast shipping , well made product , works excellent , motion detector goes off , jets of water come out at a very rapid rate , and keeps cats from crapping and digging in my lawn . Also keeps the racoons , possum out . Put this unit by your sidewalk and it will stop people from walking their dogs in your yard and allowing them to crap in your lawn . Caution
 Had my Scarecrow for at least 3 years . It might be 4 . Does n't matter.Its still working very well and is one of the best `` gadgets '' I 've ever bought . My only complaint is that it tends to become a little erratic when the battery gets a little low . But I generally only use it a few weeks to keep birds off my newly-seeded winter lawn , so , that 's not a big issue.That being said , it has been borrowed and used for a variety of purposes and has withstood a considerable amount of abuse . Product has exceeded my expectations for longevity.It has an absolutely electrifying effect on stray cats !!! Hee hee hee ...
 This has worked well to keep neighbors cats from my yards . We thinl this is a great item and it works great
 Very useful sprinkler to keep cats away from my yard !! I would recommend to anyone with the same problem ...
 My recent purchase of the scarecrow by contech was to protect some recently renovated flower beds , which the cats saw as a spectacular kitty litter box and the dogs did their daily burn-of shooting bark into the pool . Installation and adjusting was very simple , the unit works very well . Nothing has disturbed these areas seince , although I have a yorkie with a memory problem , more amusing than any thing else.Jim Modesto CA .
 The Scarecrow is great . We kept having creators dig around our backyard at night.The Motion-activated Sprinkler works GREAT to run them off . No chemicals or repellents , just water.Great product .
 so far , so good . WE 've had the motion activated sprinklers in place for a few weeks and they are guarding my flowers . The deer have not come near . Usually , I remember to turn them off when I 'm doing my gardening . I 'm glad we got these and I hope they keep working . They are quite sensitive and there is a knob to increase or decrease the sensitivity of the motion sensor .
 We have used Scarecrow for many , many years and they just plain work ! They keep the deer out of our garden.We keep two operating , one each in the back corners of the vegetable garden.We monitor them every few days for battery activity and hose malfunction , but , other than that , we enjoy our tomatoes , radishes , lettuce , cucumbers , etc. with delight knowing that the deer will stay away.They last about two seasons -LRB- Our local deer work them quite hard ! -RRB- ; the factory says surely they will last much longer , but our experience is otherwise . We save the old units for parts , but we 've never had need of any.Of the dozen or so that we have purchased , only one failed upon installation . The Contech E-Mail/Phone tech service was excellent , resolving the issue straight away.As others have said , this is a product that WORKS !!
 The Scarecrow is exactly as advertised . It shoots a good stream of water out at any angle you choose.It does not dicriminate as the motion detector picks up birds , sQuirrels , deer , and people.It 's easy to assemble in just minutes .
 I 'm very happy with the scarecrow . It keeps the skunks and cats away just as advertised.I had a small problem with setting it up but they have great customer service and helped me out step by step . My opinion-good product , good company . believe me u wo n't regret this purchase .
 This motion-activated sprinkler works very well . It has a strong sensor and has been very successful for me . I have a terrible raccoon problem in my area and the sensor scares them off the lawn very well . I ca n't seem to keep the sensor from leaking however . It drips at the connection where the hose and sprinker connect . It 's not really an issue because the water required is very little -LRB- maybe a 1/4 turn of the faucet -RRB- , but it does drip . It 's simple to put together and is not an `` eye sore '' . My neighbor across the street has commented that he can hear it turn on in the middle of the night . Maybe he 's a light sleeper . If you have a raccoon problem , this will definitely work .
 I 've used this to scare away squirrells and to water the lawn at the same time.It 's the only thing that really works !
 Loved it so much , I bought one for my dad . Thank goodness for the sensitivity dial . Our garden is close to our driveway , so it made for entertaining times when the kids would try to get in the car until I adjusted . : -RRB-
 These little units are great for scaring of the neighbours cat -LRB- it use to piss all over the place , filthy animal ! -RRB- . It is also fun to watch when family and friends trigger the sprinkler should they decide to drop in unannounced , They get a free 5 second shower.Tip
 They work great , our yard is about 180 wide and we have situated 3 of them so that they form a `` fence '' along the front of the landscaped area . Occasionally a friend or realtor has been showered unexpectedly , its a surprise but no harm .
 We got this sprinkler to keep animals out of our newly planted wildflower patch . Now that we have it , we have all kinds of new plants growing . It does the trick !
 This is a great item . We have two of these and they 're the only things we 've found to consistently keep the deer away from our favorite plans . I 've watched when a couple of little dewy eyed deer approached and then were hit by a stream of water . They came back and again a stream . Now they moved regularly to my neighbor 's garden . I 'm sorry for them . I 've told them about the scarecrow but they insist in using a spray . Our hosta fully bloomed this year thanks to the scarecrow .
 the scarecrow seem to work very well . So far no more digging in our flowerbed .
 Had a neighborhood cat using my flower bed for a toilet and had killed several of my flowers.Got this sprinkler and have n't seen any gift from or smelled anything more from the cat . Still see him walking the neighborhood ... but not in my yard anymore.So I believe it works .
 I was having a problem with cats using my yard as their bathroom . I bought this product and have not had any cats leaving me presents ! It works great and I highly recommend it .
 We always had a problem with groundhogs , deer , and rabbitsthen we got the scarecrows - they chase all the pest awaynow we have a great crop yieldthese scarecrows worked better then our electric fence !
 Works great , I have had to clean up NO dog mess from my yard since this arrived . We have a small narrow front yard , so setting up the motion detector has been tricky , sometimes it goes off every time a car drives by ! We are still working on getting it into the perfect position , but like I said , my yard is no longer a toilet !
 We bought a Scarecrow Sprinkler , and the armadillos moved to another part of the yard to dig , so we bought another one , and not a single armie has dug in any part of the yard since .
 :-RRB- Hi . My wonderfully working `` Scarecrow '' all of a sudden went kaput . It died within its 2-year warranty so I received a free replacement . While I waited for my new `` Scarecrow '' to arrive , I stuck one of my dog 's beds in the plum tree . I put the broken ` Scarecrow ' head 's on it . It worked ! No plums were gnawed on by a squirrel or rat because of my makeshift and dog scented `` Scarecrow '' . I took some photos of this effective contraption and emailed them to customer service at Contech . I hope you can view one of the photos of my `` Stinky dog bed Scarecrow '' along with the other images here . I 'll try and download it next . -- A satisfied ` Scarecrow ' customer of Contech.P.S . The actual `` Scarecrow '' that is being sold on this website goes through batteries fast , and it needs some adjustments & patience to make it work , but I still give it 5 stars for inventiveness , effectiveness -LRB- when it does work -RRB- and for saving at least 20 more plums than I had last year without it . Thanks to whoever invented this wild animal repellent !
 Very reliable product . I have been using it for 2 months now . My main purpose it to keep cats away from my backyard .
 Product sensor senses even the smallest movement . After I read the manual and customized the settings I was very satisfied with the function of the sprinkler . I do wish it was a little taller , but it serves its purpose .
 I 've seen it in action -- the cats fly . Very gratifying after so much clean up by me . But sometimes it seems NOT to register the cat staring it in the face . Maybe especially in the rain ? I recommend rotating it & moving it around your yard -- to deter the critters from just pooping behind the thing -LRB- I 've seen that -RRB- . I bought a timer to put on it initially , but it was hard to program & I also worried it would put too much pressure on the hose . So instead I turn it off during the day most days.I think this is worth the $ , but you have to give it some time & play with it . It 's not a cure-all , but it 's the best deterrent I 've found so far . Critter Ridder did n't work.And you do n't have to have the face on the Scarecrow . I prefer to leave it simple , black . It 's less obvious to the neighbors what we 're up to.Squirrels will set it off -- a slight drawback if you like squirrels .
 Our nemesis is a bear that breaks down the blueberry bushes to better eat the berries . One squirt and he shoots off like a rocket and never comes back . The chipmunks , however , unless near the sprayer , never trigger it .
 I had a cat that would come to my yard each nite and poop in my yard.i purchased this product set it up as per instructions , used teflon tape everywhere , took my time adjusting it . Really easy by the way.Bottom line is the cat has not pooped in my yard since and my wife is happy so i am a happy man.Well worth the money !
 I have a small garden in deer country . Have not seen any deer damage or foot prints in my garden . Sensitive enough to keep the Robins out of the strawberries . I am going buy another one to give to my mom for Christmas .
 there are a couple of cats that roam our neighborhood , unclear who they belong to . we built some raised planters and the cats were using them as a litter box , which was really annoying , gross , and from what i 've read also dangerous -LRB- you can get very sick from this stuff -RRB- . So I set this up , and went away for the weekend , and I could see evidence of something getting very surprised -LRB- soil was all over the place -RRB- . I cleaned that up , and have n't seen any mess / etc since ! I was thinking about turning it on again just in case they 've forgotten . But apparently , once you get a cat 1 or 2 times , they remember . One nice positive
 Have n't seen a deer in the yard since I put this into operation ... I am through buying all the liquids and voodoo dolls to keep them from eating our plants ... worth every penny !!
 This product is effective and durable . The first one purchased still works well after about ten years . They daisy chain easily .
 I do have a video and will put it up later . Haha ! It keeps my cats out of my garden for sure . And deer ? What deer ? No problem with them either . So I can have a garden without having to fence it . Nothing bothers my strawberries and tomatoes . Nothings eats my bok choy . I really like it . Of course , I get nailed sometimes . But hey , it 's summer , who cares . Believe me when I tell you this is money well spent .
 This product is great . The cats no longer litter in my front lawn . My wife 's flower garden is finally free of wild cat litters . Everything we tried in the past did not work but this product finally did the job .
 I can finally relax and enjoy my new perennial garden after spending considerable time and money on it . The deer were chomping off my plants , and there did n't seem to be much I could do about it . I tried a few suggestions , then heard about this type of prevention device . I read the other reviews and decided to try it . We 've had no problems with deer since ! I have n't had the pleasure of seeing it surprise and scare off any deer yet , but I have seen it react to a rabbit . It 's wonderful !
 I like this product ! I had some problems with the water leaking , I solved these problems by adding rubber rings in various inside places . It does what it claims to !
 It seems to work OK but it is not constructed very well so I do not think it will last long . It would also be nice if you could adjust how long it runs when activated .
 Easy to set up . Sprays in any direction to scare away animals . Keeps the neighbor 's cat out of my yard .
 I was being plagued by deer eating plants in my vegetable garden . The scarecrow worked perfectly , even to the point that deer not only avoids my garden but has stopped trafficking my yard . It worked so well that I recommended one to my neighbor who also was having problems with deer eating her flower garden . She is now a satisfied customer .
 I bought this for my deck to scare away 2 squirrels that were doing damage . It was a little tricky to set up but customer service helped me out . It is doing the job . It detects heat differences to trigger the sprinkler to go off . It does go off when it is windy and the bushes move so it is not so effective in the wind . I also have motion sensors on the deck and when I hear the scarecrow go off and the motion sensor go off I get the hose to finish the job . After a couple of weeks the darn squirrels have almost stopped coming altogether !
 I have tried almost everything on the market to discourage deer , racoons and other critters from destroying fruit trees , flowers , and even my tomato plants without much success . My family and I went on vacation for 2 weeks and on return my rose bushes were almost eaten along with many other flowers . Seems as though the critters knew we were away , so they had a field day.I finally saw the Scarecrow at work . I had to get this as soon as I could . I have installed 3 . We left for another trip but this time when we returned all the roses were blooming and the other flowers were as healthy as could be . I do turn the eyes off during the day when I am home -- extends the battery life . Great product and was shipped very fast . I would recommend the Scarecrow to everyone with similar problems .
 Product does exactly as advertised.Heard the little bastards screeching the first night I installed it.My pond has been racoon and pest free ever since.My kids think it 's fun to play with also!LOL
 The Scarecrow is doing exactly what I got it for ; keeping the deer away from my plants . Love It !!
 So far it has worked on the neighborhood cats but instead the kids in the neighborhood congregate in my yard to play ! I look out the window and I see kids running back and forth in front of it just for fun . -LRB- Without permission , of course ! -RRB- The batteries could not possibly hold up more than a few days if this keeps up!Do they make a kid repellent too ???
 This is the third replacement crow I have purchased over the past several years . I have paid almost twice the price elsewhere . It may be the method in which I store the crow but I seem to get about two seasons out of it . The drunken Chicago squirlles keep it very busy . I would n't have a garden left without it .
 I use this to keep deer from eating my baby cherry trees . Prior to getting the scarecrow , they killed one small tree by relentlessly stripping all the vegetation off of it . So far , I 'm still on the first battery . Overall , a very nice solution .
 It really works ! The cranes do n't come in the pond any more and take the Koi out ! The scarecrow goes off just before they land and there flying off to somebody elses pond . So far no more Koi have left Great product !!
 I love the electronic scarecrow ! What a novel concept so you do n't have to build an ugly fence around your garden . It waters the plants , too , everytime it senses motion . The only problem I 've had with it is that it leaks water because there is constant pressure since the water is always on . I have all of the washers in place , but there is still a constant slow drip . I bought a new , heavy duty hose , hoping that would help , but it has n't .
 This is the best thing I have bought in a long time . My vegetable garden is now protected by the Scarecrow ... Every morning deer would come and eat almost anything growing in my garden . Squirrels would dig up the seeds and eat them.Now I have no more deer coming around my yard and squirrels get sprayed daily ... Actually fun to watch ... Its all plastic so be carefull with it .
 This is our second scarecrow as we have deer and bad cats that dig in the flowers and leave us little presents to clean up . The first scarecrow we had lasted about 6 years which we consider pretty good since we have well water containing a lot of deposits that build up . I love to watch the cats run when the scarecrow turns on ! revenge is sweet !
 First , I recommend checking all the reviews -- it takes time but they 're very useful to decide whether this will help in your situation and give great fine-tuning tips.My problem is birds making a mess around my pool -- worst during a few weeks after opening each season until I make it clear they are n't welcome . I have a lot of trees and lanscaping nearby so it was a real challenge . I 've tried all sorts of anti-bird strategies and last year found that `` patrolling '' with squirts from my long range hose would train them to stay away after a few weeks but the process was -LRB- obviously -RRB- a real pain.I spent untold hours researching solutions . Most of the bird repellant products were questionable in terms of efficacy -LRB- e.g. balloons with scary faces -RRB- and some were horribly expensive -LRB- like $ 500 to $ 1000 in some cases !! -RRB- and came with clear warnings that they were not guarateed and non-returnable ! Anyway , the water concept seemed useful so I decided to give it a try . After a few weeks , it seems to have worked wonderfully well !! Almost no mess around the coping and only some random contributions from fly-overs . Big improvement and I 'm not running out like a demented fireman trying to put out flames in the sky!My suggestion for installation is to consider using shims to steady and adjust the unit -- many commented that it 's hard to keep stable and it does have a lot of force exerted on the unit during water blasts . I inserted the installation spoke in the ground and used 3 shims to secure it and to adjust for the angle/trajectory that works best -LRB- much easier to reposition shims than to remove and resettle the installation spoke in order to fine-tune direction of spray -RRB- . I also attached a cut-off unit to the supply hose that makes it easy to turn off where and when you want to deactivate the sprayer without getting to the dial on the unit -LRB- which would give you a pretty good blast if you ca n't approach directly from the rear -RRB- . So , if you 're battling the nasty dirty birds , I 'd say give it a try . Heavens knows I 've tried many things and with this sprayer , so far so good!Contech Electronics Scarecrow Motion-Activated Sprinkler #CRO 101/CRO102
 We have had scarecrows constantly since we installed our koi pond 13 years ago . It is the only thing that works in keeping away herons , racoons and unwanted solicitors .
 If you are having problems with birds getting in your pond and getting your fish than this may help . My pond is 25 feet by 11 feet at the largest end and so I purchased 2 scarecrows -LRB- one at first . -RRB- It would have worked with only one aiming down the length of the pond , which I tried first , but its area of motion is wide and it would not let me near the pond unless I turned it off . But of course , turning it off is very easy . A simple knob is how you do that and there are numbers on the bird to remember where you had it set . I ordered another one and I placed them aiming across the width of the pond away from the main walking area . I can get to the edge of the pond but as soon as I reach in the water I get sprayed . If I walk around to the other side of the pond I get sprayed also . Doing it this way I get coverage past the pond to my back fence , about 25 feet , on setting # 5 . I was having problems with white cranes , I live 2 miles from a lake in a residential neighborhood . I have had no more bird attacks in the 2 months of service.I just changed the battery , did n't need to , just did . By-the-way , the wind moving the leaves of large plants set it off sometimes . We are happy with our new protection it is only fitting we name them , Heckel and Jeckel . If you have a good imagination and you look just right , they kind of look like black birds , after you put on the stickers .
 Until I put the Contech Scarecrow sprinkler in my yard the neighborhood deer feasted on my flowers and plants ; now , they have been frightened away and only eat the corn I put out for them -LRB- a lot cheaper than the shrubs , for sure -RRB- .
 As soon as my day lilies started coming up the deer started nibbling them . I got the Scarecrow Motion Activated Sprinkler and the snacking stopped right away . The plants are a good foot tall now with no further damage . I found that it was simple to set up , fine tuning the sensitivity was no problem , and no one gets hurt . It even covers my bird feeder near the flowers and keeps the squirrels and ravens off the suet cakes . Little birds do not set it off.I will need to re-position it as the plants grow to prevent wind motion from setting it off , no problem . I did purchase a short section of hose to use with it and a two way on/off connector to use at the spigot , to make it easy to turn off and use another hose when working in the garden . A great help for gardening with hungry nature .
 This product is everything it 's suppose to be . Works like a charm . I bought the scarecrow to keep the deer out of my landscaping folliage . So far none of our white tailed friends have managed to destroy the goods thanks to the scarecrow 's hair like trigger touch . I highly recommend this product !
 I bought it for my Dad in the Los Angeles suburbs . He keeps getting Neighborhood cats and their kittens in his backyard . He tried fencing , other deterrents , everything but getting a dog . I had seen ads and was reluctant but saw the you tube clips . He LOVES it ! Now he needs one for the front yard too !
 I did n't think this would work , but it does an amazing job keeping the deer , raccoons , foxes , coyotes , squirrels , rabbits , etc. , out of my garden , which is next to a nature preserve . We have 2 , one at the top of the garden -LRB- it 's on a slope -RRB- and one at the bottom and they catch animals coming from either direction . Without them I would either have to build an expensive fence that also goes underground or give up on my garden . I 've had my scarecrows for 2 years now .
 I purchased this product because birds were using my pool/spa area for a bathroom and I could not get rid of them . I looked for products specifically to rid the space of birds and found all kinds of ridiculous products . Including nets , whirly gigs and spikes . I found this sprinkler advertised in a gardening website . It was described as a device to keep wildlife from eating your plants.It works great . Within a couple of days the birds had moved onto bluer waters . Congratulations on a great product . Contech Electronics is missing out on a major market by not marketing to home owners in the big city !
 They work ! The first day I set them up , 6 deer were not anywhere near where the water would hit them but the sound scared them off . We do n't want to keep the deer off our property just away from my new plants .
 We bought a home that stood vacant for half a year . In that time , every cat in the neighborhood became accustomed to using the grounds as a nicely landscaped cat box . I bought this item , and voila ! No more cats defecating on the lawn , squirrels uprooting carefully planted bulbs , or raccoons drinking from and splashing in the pool . Even if the water misses them , the clicking sound provides a sufficiently deterrent `` freak out '' factor . The ` crow provides no small measure of entertainment for a night owl like me who sits quietly outside at night reading or browsing Amazon on the laptop.Easy to assemble , loaded with options for angling and focusing its powerful spray , the Scarecrow delivered . It was worth every penny.I 'd advise checking it every few days to ensure that the couplings are completely tight . I flooded a flower bed one day after I repositioned the ` crow . I 'd loosened the hose at the bottom . Retightening was easy.As for the warnings about getting sprayed inadvertently -LRB- because , say , you go to fetch the mail and forget the ` crow is on -RRB- , everyone in this family has felt the fury of the ` crow at one time or another , but it just makes you laugh.I like watching it work , but my enthusiasm derives less from seeing an animal in panic , and more from the satisfaction I feel about using a device that does n't harm an animal . No poison , buckshot , or ravenous watchdogs -- all of which seemed reasonable when I was picking up twelve pounds of poo a day.That 's why I 'm getting two for my parents for Xmas!Peace , Michelle Lamb DischerIt 's now mid-May 2012 . We have neighbors who are feeding -LRB- see breeding -RRB- feral cats -LRB- latest count , over a dozen -RRB- . In 2009 , after it worked so well , I 'd deposited the crow in an open bin , and forgot it . Waking up to cat poo everywhere made me remember it , so I dug it out of the bin . Encrusted with a year and a half of rain , winter , dust , and spider webs , it did n't inspire my confidence . But I hooked it up . I needed to deter cats defecating in a small garden near the pool -- no dirt for the stake , so I strapped it tightly to a deck upright with velcro strapping . And once again , Voila ! This product is not only effective , it 's sturdy and long-lasting .
 In south Florida there is a hugh iguana problem . Apparently hundreds of thousands of iguanas with no natural predator . These iguanas enjoy going to our pool to either poop in the pool or around the pool . Yuck . You can not capture them and relocate . it 's illegal . I 'm not into killing them . I tried a spray especially made to repel iguanas ... did n't work . So I bought this `` scarecrow sprinkler '' with the motion sensor . I have it set up adjacent to Mr. Iguana 's favorite spot and guess what ? It works ... no more iguana poop .
 I recently moved into a house that has 8 cats living across the street . They insisted on using my flower beds for their litterbox . I tried all the ideas I saw online but none worked . I was at the end of my rope when I googled motion activated sprinklers . I chose item #cro 101 and I LOVE it ! I have had it in my flower bed for a month and I have only had a cat try 2 different times without sucess , they get scared and run away as soon as the sprinkler comes on . I highly recommend this product .
 I order this item to keep my female Huskie from messing up the swimming pool patio . It arrived one day early and I hooked it to the water hose . Had to strap it to a chair since it comes with a spike end . It work just fine and as she came around the pool shoulder it shot off a spray of water . She does n't use that area anymore , she go the her doggie run now . One of my friends thought it was n't working because of the delay and got a blast of water . It worked perfect for what I needed for .
 I bought this mostly to keep deer out of my tomatoes . It has worked well . I have had no permanent problems with leakage -LRB- the only temporary problems have been due to head coming a bit loose , but that is easy to spot and to fix -RRB- . A bonus is that it occasionally picks up a squirrel , and so has helped a bit with that problem too . The only negative is that the sensor will be fooled by wind -LRB- e.g. , plants swaying in the breeze -RRB- and as such it goes off unnecessarily on some days . I generally turn the scarecrow off during the day , so really this has not been much of a problem for me . -LRB- In fairness I should note that the sensor sensitivity can be calibrated , but I am too paranoid about the deer to do this - I just crank it to 11 and let it rip ! -RRB-
 I have free range hens that were getting in my garden . This does a great job keeping them out .
 This is the best investment for my garden that I 've made . It blasts all the elk and deer -LRB- and even some drunken neighbours ... bonus -RRB- I recommend for sure , it keeps the wildlife out of my delicious garden .
 My neighbor 's cat loves coming in my yard each afternoon to claw my screens and harass my indoor cats through the windows . Nothing worked to keep him away - pepper granules , citrus sprays , commercial pest repellants , or mothballs . My sister purchased Scarecrow for me and I had low hopes - but it certainly exceeded my expectations ! The first day it was up & running , the cat came by , got blasted with it twice from about 15 ' away , and ran away scared to death - and I have n't seen him in my yard since ! Scarecrow is a little inconvenient when I forget it 's on and walk into my back yard , but it 's worth the inconvenience to keep the neighborhood cat away for good . I would highly recommend to anyone with a pest problem !
 Works great against pesty Canadian Geese . Eliminate the pounds of crap from your property . Note - have plenty of 9V batteries on hand .
 This is a great little product . I now have four of them and , after many years of trying to keep deer from lunching on my flowers , this seems to have done the trick . I bought my first one about 5 years ago and have been expanding my garden areas and adding more of these little devices .
 This product works perfectly for my needs -LRB- deer -RRB- . Amazon and other reviewers recommend the Orbit timer as an accessory . For me a timer is a must because I did not want to manually turn it on and off each time someone was going to be in the yard.The problem with the Orbit timer is its on mode is for a maximum of 6 hours a day . Since deer typically forage from dusk to dawn , the 6 hour period was not acceptable . To make it worse , since the product was not defective I had to pay for the returning freight.I found a 12 hour timer elsewhere.Update
 If you are reading this you know that none of the sprays , repellants , etc do anything at all and should be removed from the market . But dog-gonnit , the Scarecrow works .
 Very good product for a good price . We bought it because the neighbors were bringing their dogs to our yard . After we installed the sprinkler they are not coming anymore .
 Very pleased with the operation of this product and did do the trick keeping out the deer . Price was half of what I would have paid at the big box hardware store.Thanks
 I wanted to give the Scarecrow five stars . I really did . I first bought two of these in 2010 after doing some major landscaping and planting . I had major trouble with deer eating almost every ornamental plant in my yard year after year - hostas , daylilies , tulips , roses , dahlias , you name it . Many times I lost nearly all my daylilies in one night , and I have a lot of them . I tried Irish Spring . I tried predator urine . I tried cayenne pepper and garlic . I tried expensive , vile smelling sprays . I tried heckling them . I tried jekylling them . Nothing saved my flowers ... until the Scarecrow came along.Each flower garden , as well as a couple key areas which have plants the deer like to eat , is now protected by a scarecrow . As long as the Scarecrows are aimed properly , the batteries are good , and the water is turned on , the deer NEVER touch the flowers . Damage went from nearly 90 % loss some years to almost zero . Simply put , these things work on deer . Smaller animals , not so much . Squirrels , not at all.Unfortunately , they also work on postmen , UPS drivers , meter readers , your mother , and other assorted visitors to your house . This may not necessarily be a bad thing , but if you want to avoid having to hand out towels to all your visitors , you will need to carefully plan the placement and aiming of the Scarecrows.A second drawback is that the Scarecrows will go off on windy days -LRB- or nights -RRB- . Sometimes , this can become quite annoying and it does waste some water and shortens the battery life considerably . You can stop them going off by turning off the water but , if you forget to turn it back on , your plants will be at risk.The main reason they scarecrows lose a star is because of cheap construction . For the price , these could have been made from metal or more durable plastics . The sprinkler heads break off fairly easily . Fortunately , they are also easily replaceable with components that can be found at your local home center . Also , the decals that give the Scarecrow its `` eyes and mouth '' design fade quickly in the sun and are more gray than yellow after one season.I 'm happy with the Scarecrows , and they do a good job . Just do n't expect perfection .
 We purchased to keep a neighbor cat away from our front window where he was irritating our dog . It 's working ! The yellow stickers are optional and we left them off for now . We 'll be trying it in the back yard near the garden soon . Ordering another for my dad to use in his garden .
 First about the product . I bought it to scare off raccoons that come around at night and dig up our lawn , looking for grubs . -LRB- Yes , I 've tried beneficial nematodes on the grubs , and will again , but so far that has n't worked . -RRB- . The Scarecrow sprinkler has worked , and the raccoons have been kept away . The product has been reliable and I have had no problems with it since my purchase in October.Now I want to say something about some excellent customer service from Contech . About a week or so ago , while replacing the hose that was connected to the sprinkler , I accidentally dropped the entire unit topside first on our flagstone patio . A part of the sprinkler assembly on top broke . So I submitted a web form to Contech asking if I could * purchase * a replacement sprinkler assembly , preferably for a price lower that I could buy a replacement for the entire thing on Amazon . I got the typical automated response saying someone would get back to me . But nobody did . Oh well , I thought . But , just a few days later , I was surprised to find a replacement sprinkler assembly in my mailbox , sent absolutely free ! Wow ! Had to advertise that . I will certainly buy more products from them if I have the need , and I can recommend the company as well as this product .
 Contech CRO101 Scarecrow Motion Activated SprinklerI purchased this product because I was plagued with seagulls all over and under my boathouse . Every time I went to use my boat I had to clean bird mess . I found these motion activated water sprinklers on Amazon . I ordered 2 of them . I placed one on the roof and one underneath . The very next day all the birds are gone and when they try to come back the sprinkler runs them off . All the birds have moved to my neighbors boathouses so when they get fed up with all the bird mess , and it was extremely messy , I will tell them what I did . Thanks Scarecrow .
 My husband found this at a local discount store for about $ 10 - $ 15 and bought it for our kids instead of a sprinkler . The suspense and excitement is so much fun as they try to `` sneak '' up on the Scarecrow . Best child sprinkler ever ! That was how we used it the past two years . This year we have a raccoon problem in our garden so my husband set this up and turns it on every night . No more raccoons using our garden as their latrine -LRB- except the night he forgot to turn it on -RRB- ! Just do n't forget to turn it off ; it 'll get you !
 I purchased this from AMAZON as a last ditch effort to keep my neighbor 's cats out of my freshly planted flower garden . We live in a rural area and are at the mercy of deer and stray dogs , as well . I previously tried cayenne pepper , which had no effect after the first afternoon shower , and a crazy expensive dog and cat repellent that my dogs liked so well they rolled in it.Well , I assembled -LRB- easy -RRB- this SCARECROW the day it arrived . It only took a minute to adjust it properly and we have been cat , dog and deer free for three days now . Incidently , my neighbor with the offending cats advise me he does not like my new toy because now his cats are using his garden for a litter box . I gave him the remaining dog and cat repellent and wished him luck !
 since we have been using the raccoon scarecrow , there are no further damage from raccoon going into our pond . very easy to use and definitive recommended to others !!!
 I have been fighting deer tearing up my yard for 12 years . I 've tried deer repellent , fences , waving flags you name it - nothing has helped . Everything i have planted has been eaten or destroyed by the deer . This year we are putting our house on the market and the yard has to look good . So i invested in 3 of these sprinklers . They work like a dream ! Best investment in my yard i have made so far ! I 've planted hostas and a ton of wild flowers and for the first time they have actually had a chance to grow . Highly recommended !
 My husband and I just love this device . We 've always had a problem with the neighborhood cats using our yard as their litter box . Not anymore ! This is worth every penny we paid .
 This product works better than the Havahart that I previously ordered . It is sensitive , and has completely detered the feral cats that were useing my garden as a latrine .
 Our neighbor has five cats that use my yard as their litter box . Discounted the pellet gun . Discussion was out -LRB- bad encounters with teir dogs as well -RRB- . Called animal control as a last resort to live trap them . My friend suggested this sprinkler had worked for him . I hooked it up -LRB- used teflon plumbers tape to reduce leakage -RRB- , popped a 9v battery into it and set the sensivity to maximum . Yeah !!! I have not seen cats in that part of the yard since then . The motion sensor is also infrared for nighttime . I would buy another . Easy , quick and effective .
 I bought this for my new garden last week . It arrived quickly , and worked even quicker.I installed it last night and when I came home from work today I saw trail of deer tracks that told the whole story ... The deer apparently meandered slowly toward my garden , nice and relaxed , with closely spaced steps lightly in the surface of the dirt . As soon as the deer got in the line of sight of the Scarecrow it must have gotten blasted because the tracks all of a sudden were scattered and very deep as it panicked and then jumped about 8 feet , bending over a tomato stand 45 degrees and then jumped about 10 more feet and yet again . My twine marking my line of peppers also got pulled pulled in the direction of the jumping . Tomatoes and sunflowers were saved on the first night ! I 'm pleased ! Very pleased !
 This sprinkler works very well for keeping my cats from `` fertilizing '' my vegetable garden , plus it is HILARIOUS to watch people and animals unknowingly enter the guarded zone . I almost wet my pants from laughing so hard when my boyfriend tried to set it up without reading the directions . Great product so far .
 Works better than I expected . Keeps the damn cats off my lawn from doing their business . I would recommend this product . Tried a few others and this is th eonly one that worked for me .
 The scarecrow works great . I like it so well that I have ordered another . It was easy for me to set up and use .
 If it 's facing the street , cars driving by make it go off . There 's a fine adjustment on it that you got ta tune in . Even people walking by on the sidewalk make it go off if it 's not tuned in just right . But it does work , it even keeps the mailman off your grass !
 This motion-activated sprinkler eliminated the problem of a cat spraying my hedges beneath my open front window ... GREAT ITEM I am buying a second one .
 It its a hoot watching the squirrels try to avoid the automatic spray from this sprinkler . The bird feeders now have a silent sentry that workes really well .
 Product works great ! The rose garden it is protecting is growing nicely without being eaten . Safe and humane way to redirect animals .
 We bought this item for the purpose of scaring off cats that belonged to our next door neighbor . After it was set up , we heard it go off and the cats have n't been back since .
 The concept of the product is fantastic . As soon as we hooked it up , it kept the deer out of the garden . You may need several if your garden is very large . The only problem with the product is that it does seem to leak at all of the joints . These have to be sealed well with teflon tape .
 This product really does the job . It was the right answer for keeping out deer and rabbits out of our garden . I was surprised that it continues to work after several months on the same battery . After using it for two years , I am buying more and am planning on expanding my garden next spring .
 I 've used two of these for about 4-6 years after trying many home and commercial solutions and recently bought a third . Numerous car/deer collisions and landscape devastations have finally forced our little town to use hunters to thin the herds . I often see as many as 8 at one time in my residential 3/4 acre lawn BUT they completely avoid the Scarecrow protected areas . If I do n't get them operational early enough in the Spring , the hosta and indian hawthorne are quickly devoured.Their customer support is outstanding including quick responses to questions and replacement parts . They 're not cheap , but are worth every penny compared to the costs of landscaping .
 I had a hard time keeping the deer from eating my pepper plants , especially once they started to flower . This sprinkler took care of that problem . Take note that , because this uses passive infra-red to detect movement , it will not work when the temperature gets much above 90F . This of course is not really a problem for me as the deer mainly come out at night after the temps drop . The only other problem i had with this thing is that after a few weeks the sprinkler would activate for about half a second and barely spit out any water . For some reason it took me a couple more weeks -LRB- and some pepper blossoms lost to deer -RRB- to realize that the battery i put in it was the culprit . I use a rechargeable NiMH 9v battery and after a couple of hours it was charged back up and the sprinkler was working once again . I also like that it has a pass-through which i can remove the included cap and attach another hose so it also acts as an extension in the middle of the yard to help me reach the rest of the yard for watering .
 Product works well just as advertised . Scared away our pests instantly . Made of plastic and wonder about how long it will last . But so far so good . just as advertised .
 The sprinkler was sensitive enough and sprayed far enough to cover my small corner lawn . It was not real strong as far as position in the ground and tended to move from it 's original set directions . But it 's kept the cats out !
 My husband and I use this to keep cats out of our zen garden in the back yard . This unit works great ! Eventually after many years -LRB- I think the last one lasted about 3 - 4 years or so -RRB- you have to replace it since it can get coated in minerals from hard water which can eventually affect the sensitivity of the motion sensor . I have to replace the 9 volt battery every 2 - 3 months .
 This product worked fantastic for keeping the deer from eating my front yard carpet roses , weeping blueberry trees and other bushes . I highly recommend it and I am now purchasing 2 more to cover the rest of my front yard .
 I have a large garden , but have had major problems with wildlife eating everything in sight ! Tried all sorts of repellents but nothing worked , we even caged the gooseberry bushes but the rabbits broke through the plastic netting and ate them all . We finally invested in a wire fence all around the garden , but then the squirrels found the tomato plants and everyday there were tomatoes with bites and teeth marks . I searched the internet for solutions and found the Scarecrow sprinkler . So far so good ... it worked right from the day we installed it , and I have had no problems since , -LRB- maybe next year my family will get to enjoy the gooseberries ! -RRB- My only regret is I did n't find this before spending $ 150 on fencing !
 The scarecrow has frightened away the big ol blue heron over and over and over again . I searched for a product for years as my pond was the local food wagon for heron . Not any more . Just make sure you replace the battery yearly ! FANTASTIC PRODUCT , outstanding company and customer service .
 This item is great ! works as advertised ; even scared the mailman for a momement and he ask where did I get such an item . He also has problems with amimals using his front yard as a bathroom . Since I have installed it ; have not had any more pets in my yard . I have to remember to turn it off at daytime ; has gotten my neighbors a few times . hah hah.Think I will install a timer on it .
 I purchased it to keep the local cats off of the lawn and flower beds and since we installed it has done just that we have not had any more cats visiting .
 I purchased two of these units and placed them at opposite ends of my garden . It has worked just as advertised . My only thought was that I should have purchased then earlier this year before the deer started eating my plants .
 I had a deer problem early in season where they ate the top of every plant I had . This scarecrow has saved my season . Most of my plants recovered and I 'm harvesting lots of veggies thanks to this innovative product .
 This thing works really well and keeps the Deer away from my plants.Very simple concept , expensive but efficient but and a great idea ... we will be buying more .
 My flowerbed no longer smells like a liter box !! Thanks Scarecrow !! My neighbor saw this and just had to have his own . He bought three and has them set near the sidewalk to spray little kids as they go by . Best 4 hours ever.Side note
 I bought two of these to keep my cats from using the planted area near my pool for a litter box . These would scare away coyotes I think , maybe burglars too . They do keep the cats out , however , our dogs tries to attack back and has bitten them several times . They still work , but , have to be re adjusted when he knocks them out of position.I just might buy a couple more to keep the door to door solicitors away .
 We had the unfortunate problem of doggies pooping on the sidewalk . This really helped stop that problem since our pups are waterphobic !
 We are inundated with deer ... ca n't shoot them in our neighborhood , ca n't scare them away , but this Contech does the trick to keep them away . Nothing else I have tried , but this does work
 Only took about a week to eliminate the herd of cats that used my back lawn as a litterbox . No more poop !!! I even left it off a day or two and they did not return . The only note is that the sensor does not work in temperatures below freezing -LRB- no click , not that the frozen hose would provide water anyway -RRB- . Best purchase !
 We live in the mountains and have a problem with deer eating our flowers . This has really helped . We have four of these .
 This is scarecrow number two for me . I got a second one for another area of my yard . Not only does it scare off 4 legged varmits but also dispatches two legged ones too . I feel safe with my scarecrow on at night as it is enough to deter entry into my yard . Solicitors rarely make it to my front door in the evening and deer are not a problem .
 You know , this works ok . I do n't think you should depend on this alone , you still need a barrier . I have a fence around the garden , but when the neighbor kids or other pests breach my defenses , I can always count on maximum soakage .
 Combine this with a timer to turn it off during the times you are in the yard . It will spook the dear away and after a while they seem to get conditioned to avoid the area even when this sprinkler is not there .
 Works in accordance with literature . Fittings need to be wound with plumbers tape to achieve a decent non dripping seal .
 I used water for only a few days , but now that the animals are trained , with the water off the mere click of the device is enough to keep them out of the yard .
 Shipping was done through postal service . Didnt get my package as stated on the tracking . took several calls to find out where package was . Had to go to post office to get it . Real pain . I have never had a problem with delivery from ups or fedex . The product worked as intended without water pressure being applied . Once water pressure was applied it would work for adjusting sprinkler spray but once it sat for any period of time the valve would stick and not spray . I changed batteries thinking I might have run it low while adjusting/playing with it but still had the problem . Called the company and they asked for the number on the unit . Customer service person stated that they had some trouble with that series . They ship another unit right then . Told me to keep the faulty one for spare parts . The second unit has worked as it should .
 stopped the animals from getting in my garden and watered at the same time . Can use for children playtime also .
 My flower bed was our neighbor 's cats ' litter box . Every time one of them went into it , the sprinkler went off and scared it away . I do n't guess it ever failed . I would highly recommend it .
 This product is awesome . My neighbors have nine cats and this has solved my backyard problem . I no longer have them coming over the fence .
 This is the best thing for keeping all the neighborhood cats from using your lawn as a giant litter box . It works great and if you forget it is on you too will get wet
 BEST METHOD I HAVE FOUND SO FAR BEEN USING THIS FOR DEER FOR 6 MONTHS AND WORKS EVERY SCARES DEER AWAY
 The only deer product that works reliably . I have been using these for over seven year . I protect my flower gardens with four of these chained together . When chained together , all you have to do is to turn off your fawcet to deactivate the system . They work great .
 I recently purchased a Scarecrow sprinkler to repel deer that decimate our gardens each Summer . It works great ! It ambushed deer ... and me the first day . My problem is finding a hose timer that will turn the unit on in the evening and off in the morning , as that is when the deer problem is the worst . Most timers only have a `` run time '' of up to 2 hours . I would definately recommend this as a humane pest controller .
 I think this product is great . I have a large fish pond with 30 Koi and I amvery protective of them . We are in the country . Occasionally Herons , Racoons etccome by and want to pluck them out . This Scarecrow shoots water immediately uponthem and scares them away . I put it on before bedtime at night and turn it offin the morning . Sometimes I forget and walk by and get a good shot of water . lolbut it works very well .
 works good but we have too many cats plus animals comin in yard so battery doesnt last as long need long lasting battery
 I purchased this sprinkler to keep a Blue Herron -LRB- who ate several of my large koi in 1 sitting -RRB- away from my pond . I 've had it set up for about 2 weeks now and so far ... no lost fish ! Works like a champ ! Also , I had to give up my veggie garden because of the deer . This product works so well , I 'm considering purchasing a 2nd sprinker and start growing my veggie garden again !
 We have a terrible problem every year with Blue Herons eating our pond fish . Heron Decoy does n't seem to scare the Heron away . Also found that putting the decoy out in April , May actually attracts them as they are seeking a mate during spring months . The Scarecrow works very well . A bit touchy to set and get the coverage you want , but it does go off . Our fish are still in the pond , so I 'm thinking something is going right . I do n't want it noticed , so did not put the decals on and my pond plants hide it for the most part . I did see the Heron standing next to the Scarecrow one day & it did not go off . Heron seemed to know where to stand to not get sprayed . I would recommend this product .
 We purchased the Contech Scarecrow from Amazon after reading numerous reviews . We have been very pleased with the Scarecrow . For the last couple of years we have had trouble with the neigborhood cats using our backyard for their `` pit '' stop . We bought the Scarecrow out of frustration since nothing else seemed to keep the cats away for very long . We set the Scarecrow up about three months ago , and no longer have evidence of any cat deposits left on our lawn ! The only problem we had in the setup was a leak at the juncture of the hose to the Scarecrow . We found out the leak was due to a cheap hose with a flimsy connector , and , once we replaced the hose with one with a more substantial -LRB- brass -RRB- connector , we had no further leak problems . Would definitely recommend the Scarecrow for getting cats to move on to greener pastures .
 After planting a new garden this year , I lost almost every plant within a week . Because of the drought in Texas , the deer eat even that which is poisonous to them ! I installed my first scarecrow two weeks ago , and not only the deer but also the racoons , armadillos , and possums leave my plants alone . Thank you !
 This is my first time buying from Amazon.com as opposed to Amazon.co.uk . The product arrived in the UK on time , undamaged , and works perfectly . Much to the annoyance of the local cats , and to the delight of my 4 year old grand-daughter who enjoys trying to push me in range .
 This works very well and covers a large area of our garden . it only leaves a small area of the garden uncovered which should not be a problem with the deer . works better than our previous hav a hart motion activated sprinkler .
 I have had one of these units for several years . When my original began to malfunction I had to get a replacement because this is a great unit for keeping the herons and raccoons away from my koi pond . I would recommend it highly to anyone that has a problem of this sort .
 We were having a difficult time keeping rabbits off our lawn . One had returned yet again to start another nest , after I had cautiously relocated her bunnies from her last litter to another area . I was concerned as I did not want to cause any harm to her offspring . Once this product was installed , it was able to detect the slightest motion in its path , and a stream of water would scare it off . We have not seen any more rabbits on the lawn since this was installed , however we did water down a guy sent to do some lawn work at our request !! NOTE
 Before the Scarecrow , my garden was being `` eaten alive '' by all sorts of pests ... racoons , skunks , squirrels , etc. . Even after covering with chicken wire and mesh , they figured out a way to get in . With the scarecrow in place , I took down the ugly chicken wire and my garden was left untouched ! It 's a terrific concept -LRB- wish I would have thought of it -RRB- that really truly works . Just have to remember to turn it off before tending to your crops , or else your its next victim . Fantastic product !
 I bought my Scarecrow to deal with skunks that are digging for grubs throughout my small front yard . It has appeared to generally work , though certainly not entirely . The main failing I see for the product is the limited sensor range . The water will easily sweep my entire lawn , but it 's difficult to find a placement that ensures a skunk anywhere in the yard will trip it . Seems it works better if you have a narrow space through which animals are traveling.That said , it 's definately reduced the frequency that I 've found myself filling little holes in the lawn each morning . And one last thing - there 's no swivel ring on the hose connection which makes putting the hose on and off akward , cause you have to rotate the sprinkler around the hose . So I 'd recommend getting some quick release fittings to boot .
 I bought one of these and when I seen how well it worked , I bought two more . They really do keep the deer away from my plants . My azaleas were in bloom this spring and I did n't have to place nets over them . In fact , the deer have learned to walk around the perimeter of the yard as not to set off the scarecrow . Once I set up the scarecrows , I left them in place . I may have to move them around some next year just to keep the deer wondering . I do get sprayed myself sometimes but it is kind of fun . I learned that if I run fast enough , I can get by them before they spray me.I do wish they had a larger/wider sensor to pick up movement over a wider area of the yard.I 'm not complaining though , these are so much better than anything else I 've tried . Too bad I ca n't use them during the winter !!
 The Contech Electronics Scarecrow is an excellent product to keep animals away from specific areas like ponds , gardens , outside children 's play areas -LRB- so that animals do n't urinate or what ever in the play area at night , etc. -RRB- It is not suited well for too large areas because what frightens the animals is the noise of the sprinkler head and of course the water spray is an annoyance in the area nearest the sprinkler head . If you need to service a large area plan on purchasing more than one . I love the product ! It has saved my pond fish from egrets and raccoons . I plan to purchase one for my garden since I have seen it chase away squirrels as well .
 An excellent product . Keeps the deer and other animals from eating your plants without injuring the animals . We have had such good luck we plan to order several more for next year .
 Deer were destroying our gardens and deer repellents were n't working . I purchased two Scarecrows and so far the deer have stayed awayed . The first couple of nights I could hear the Scarecrows going off but it quickly stopped after that and so far so good . If it stays this way then the Scarecrows were worth every penny .
 This was purchased to scare deer out of the yard . So far ... it 's done the job beautifully . It 's easy to set up and use . My biggest problem is remembering to turn it off and getting squirted myself . It also scares dogs out of the yard and occasionally a squirrel and birds . Amazon had the best price I could find on this item . It 's well worth the money if you grow fruits and vegetables and do n't want critters eating your garden . I gave this five stars but it should get ten stars .
 I purchased this as a last-ditch effort to keep the local blackbirds from raiding my tomatoes -LRB- I like to let them vine ripen -RRB- , and found that it works well at a range of 3-5 metres . I am surprised by reviews which say this does not work for smaller animals , as I have had great success with this product - it quickly provides a strong burst of water , and most animals flee immediately.Has also provided many good laughs when my neighbour 's kids try to help themselves to my strawberries ! They have learned to ask first , so that I can switch it off for them !
 These work great ... I could n't wait to get it set up as soon as it arrived . I used a LESS than fresh 9v battery and it worked OK . Within 2 weeks it was less than reliable , as a matter of fact it was n't working at all , most of the time . I got out the owners manual and began to trouble shoot the symptoms . First off a new copper top battery , next a towel to dry off my face , finally I fired up the laptop and ordered another one . My problem was a dead battery , that was about a month ago . Since then I 've installed a second scare crow sprinkler and they both work great.I would give 5 stars but they are kind of pricy , so I dinged the review a little for quality ... . its all plastic ,
 The deer used our flower gardens like a salad bar ! I grew all those pretty zinnias , strawflowers , petunias from seed too -LRB- they left the dahlias alone -RRB- . I love the deer , we feed them for goodness sakes . And I understand that eating my plants , well that 's what they do . So , this gadget is heaven-sent ; it saves my pretty flowers , keeps the deer out of mischief and my mind at ease.Assembly was very easy . It 's made of pretty rugged plastic . Place it out of the way of lawn mowers - it 's not indestructible.Setup and adjustment was a breeze . It makes a pretty loud `` clicking noise '' when it senses movement . That makes it easy to adjust without having the water on . Here 's a tip - if the ground is hard where you want to put it to soften the soil.Bottom line - it works ! Birds are still able to land in the flower garden without incident . I 'm guessing a cat could meander through as well . The neighbors golden retriever ? I do n't know , maybe if he was sort of close . A man sized or deer sized `` target '' ca n't get any closer than 30 ' -35 feet without turning on the spray . It sprays for a few seconds and then shuts off . It has a timer to prevent it from activating again for eight seconds.All in all I think this product is a winner . Oh , one more thing , make sure you use a good hose . You 'll be leaving this setup unattended for hours , maybe days at a time . You sure would n't want the hose to burst just as you left to visit Aunt Nellie 's for the weekend !
 I have n't had a single problem with rabbits getting into my garden since my scarecrow started watching over my garden . I also get a chuckle out of imagining them getting nailed with a jet of water whenever they are trying to sneak up on my garden !
 Had a local cat using my garden for you know what . It 's lasted for 2-3 months on a daily basis . I tried everything ! Almost literally . This was the last straw and there has been no sign of the cat or his `` gifts '' in over a month . The only downside is the wasted water from small drips that result from it being on all the time . The other downside is forgetting it 's turned on and walking into its range . Ha !
 This is the only product , liquid or otherwise , that will keep the deer from eating my roses . The only thing that I found better was my dog . But since his passing , this works wonderful !
 Someone suggested that I use this device to keep my next door neighboe from harassing my two dogs . They were joking of course.When I researched the product I realized that I have a good use for it . We have a huge cotton tail population here and the bunnies killed my back lawn and were killing the front lawn also . I put the scarecrow out in the front and within three days the bunnies started bypassing the grass in my front yard!What can I say ... . it works!Now I think I 'll try it out on the neighbor !
 We had problems in our back lane with undesirables using our trees ... not anymore ; after a few times getting soaked bye bye ... back to the canyons with the coyotes you go .
 I bought one after using sprays like `` Liquid Fence '' and `` I Must Garden '' for years . The Liquid Fence was 100 % effective for a few years , but then the deer decimated my garden overnight.I heard about this product and bought one -LRB- Liquid Fence in concentrate costs $ 39.99 -RRB- . I was so pleased with it , I bought another , and set it up at the other end of the garden . Although my garden is not huge by any means , there are shrubs and other plants that ` block ' an unobstructed view of the entire garden for one unit to protect it all.So far , so good , knock wood . My only complaint is that even with plumbers teflon tape , it is impossible to stop the leaking entirely . Also , one of the units seems overly sensitive - ` recognizing ' my wife every time she steps out on the patio , and going off . -LRB- The patio is almost 90 degrees to the right of the unit -RRB- . But it makes me feel good to see that , so who cares.For the money , it is any excellent buy . Like some other reviewers , I , too , would like it better if the construction was more heavy duty and had more metal in it . But , it works , and works well .
 It 's nice to buy something that works and works as advertised . I am very pleased .
 Contech Electronics CRO101 Scarecrow Motion-Activated SprinklerWe installed this after losing big chunks of two coral bark maples to deer browsing this spring.They came back to taste the Eskimo Sunset maple , and only had a few leaves before the scarecrow scared them off ! We 're still messing with location/sensitivity , but the scarecrow sprinkler works great so far - we 're very happy with our purchase .
 This is the second Scarecrow we 've purchased . Have found nothing that keep the blue heron away from our pond and koi that works better than this . The heron does n't seem smart enough to get used to being sprayed by the water when he approaches the pond . Humans forget it 's there , too , sometimes and I 've been sprayed and drenched by it . Takes a 9volt battery , which in our case , needs to be replaced once a month or so , but it will depend on your level of usage .
 I have done extensive research on what actually works to keep a neighbor 's animal colony off my lawn and from using it as a litter box . Almost daily I would find their droppings both in the front and back of my house . Although annoyed that I have to put up my own money to fix what I perceive as their problem , I was not willing to be confrontational and felt this was the most humane solution.I bought two of these - and when they are on my lawn stays clean ! I know for a fact that they work because I had to turn them off before work the other day -LRB- for the landscaper -RRB- and did n't get home until really late that day -LRB- guess what was on my lawn -RRB- . They cost more than other alternatives but in the long term are the most economical solution -LRB- and require no chemicals or re-application -RRB- . Set up requires a bit of trial and error , as you would n't want the sensor to detect people coming up your walkway or sidewalk and getting them wet.My neighbor 's cats look at me with disdain every morning when I go off to work now , but I am the one with the last laugh . I will recommend these to all my other neighbors who are experiencing a similar problem !
 GOTCHA ' is exactly what you will say when you use this product . He wo n't ever run up to my fence and bark again .
 This sprinkler is great to keep squirells out of my yard . I have tested the unit and the sensors work well from about 15 feet awaay . I have n't tested further bec my yard is small . I have found that by adding a regular sprikler right next to it , you will be able to water your garden while it does n't rain and the scarecrow does not need to be touched . Though the extender from the scarecrow to the sprinkler needs to have an on-off valve to turn on or off your sprinkler without turning off the scarecrow . Sometimes I get scared from this sprinkler . Really is great ... just the stake is plastic and not metal . .
 This product works well and keep the neihbors cat from yowling under my house at night . Easy to set up . requires 9V battery not included . Effective and reliable easy to set up and go !
 I cover my pool and birds loves to land on it and poop all over the cover . I put this on and it 's great . A lot less poop but there 's still some and I swear it has a hint of green in it . I think they got scare and did it involuntarily . LOL . Heck , I almost fall into the pool testing it . Quite startling when it goes off .
 The first thing i want you to do is completely ignore every negative review on this product when it comes to deer . I live in a residential neighborhood where everyone lives on 1-5 acres and there are plenty of deer . In the past 5 years I 've had to deal with deer munching on my fruit trees and completely stunting their growth so badly that death for my trees was always the outcome . I 've tried mostly every kind of deer repellant available but they DO NOT WORK ! They may work initially but the rain always washes away the repellants and then you get busy and do n't follow directions exactly and blah blah blah , there goes the hard work down the toilet . I can tell you that the companies who make these products are sitting on a beach somewhere drinking long islands laughing in a bag of money because everyone is continuously buying these products that do n't work . Then one day someone told me about the Scarecrow . Do you hear the angels singing ? I started using it 6 weeks ago and not one of my fruit trees has been touched . It 's motion activated and the deer get blasted with a 5 second hit of water and noise that they DO NOT LIKE ! Spend the 40 bucks as it will be the best deer repellant investment you 've ever made . I 'm dead serious . This thing works.P.S . Just saw them for sale at Walmart Garden Center .
 Got this because the neighborhood cats were using our raised garden beds for a litter box . Catching for the first time the sprinkler scaring the living daylights out of a cat ... priceless !
 Cant complain , It works great ! I have a neighbor who 's dog walks across the street every morning to poop on my lawn . I spoke to neighbor several times over the past few years and they have made it clear that they just dont care and it 's not their problem.After setting this little beauty up I dont wake up to any more poopies!It 's just a shame I had to spend money out of my pocket to keep THEIR dog off my lawn .
 We live in a Texas country local with small herds of deer who are the charm and the curse of the area . They come through our yard eating everything planted and just look at us when we come out and yell at them . I got the Scare Crow . First day in the yard the deer were looking at it , got braver and went toward it . It detected them and sent off a stream and they took off like they were being chased by the devil himself . Results are that we have not seen a deer in our yard for several weeks . Now can someone tell me how to get rid if Armadillos ?
 This works well and does what it is supposed to do . I even have forgotten a couple of times that I had it in the yard and got a dose of my own medicine . Doggies and cats are not hanging out on my lawn now . The sound of the sprinkler going off is enough to scare some catties away wthout them getting soaked . Much prefer this since the citrus smelling stuff from pet store to keep pets of lawn was killing my lawn . Thank goodness for this !
 The scarecrow is a simply easy to use design concept . The instructiions were clear , it was easy to put together and it works as claimed to do the job . Several persons have told me they work for small animals , and also deer . Recommended to anyone looking for protection in these circumstance .
 We thought this was the best thing since sliced bread . It protected and watered the garden . We had the entire Watership Down rabbit family running around every evening at dusk . It seems that the novelty wore off and some of the garden is getting eaten again . I believe the animials are now getting squirted while eating our garden .
 Racoons were ripping up water plants and eating the goldfish in our small garden pond . We tried discouraging them in many ways , I even spent a week sleeping beside the pond . After a few nights I asked my husband to join me . It rained on us the next night and that 's when my husband ordered the sprinkler ! It totally solved our problem . The racoon still comes into the yard but avoids the pond .
 Seems to work fine . We were having trouble with rabbits and deer eating our plants . We see a few deer tracks now , but the plants are doing fine . I recommend this product .
 It may be a little early to comment but so far so good . I have not lost a fish from the fish pond since I got the motion sprinkler . Before I purchased the sprinkler I was losing a couple of fish a week to a Great Blue Herron .
 I own two basenjis , a male and a female . Basenjis are a small to medium sized dog that does n't bark . It makes other noises but , unless it mimics another dog , does not bark . When it is very happy , it yodels or chortles . Anyway , I have been having a problem with my female dog breaking into my home when I leave to go out . I have a doggy door which I lock before I leave . Whilst I am away , the female dog has commenced to headbutt the doggy door until she broke it sufficiently to get inside . She has broken two doggy doors in the past 2 months , each costing me $ 70.00 . I was not impressed and was starting to consider putting her down or giving her away to some other poor unfortunate . One thing that basenjis do not like is being wet . The Contech Electronics Scarecrow motion activated sprinkler was perfect . I set it up to activate whenever either of my two dogs come close to the doggy door . To be able to turn the water on from inside my home I also purchased a Nelson Remote Rain On/Off Watering Control . Perfect . Since I installed both the Contech Electronic Scarecrow and the Nelson Remote Rain , I have had no problems with my dogs .
 This product really works great ! The only problem now is that my dog is really scared whenever I take him outside to do his business :-RRB- He now does his business near the door which is so annoying ! I guess now I have to get another one and put it near the door . : -RRB-
 Works as expected , only wish could send stream of water farther from unit giving more coverage .
 I now have 14 raised bed gardens and live in open fields with deer and elk visible from time to time . I feel no need to build a fence around my gardens because I own 2 of the scarecrow sprinklers and have had no animal problems since buying my first scarecrow 3 years ago . They are wonderful garden guards ! Just do n't forget to turn them on before going to bed at night ! I highly recommend the scarecrow to friends and family .
 I have feral cats that use my yard every night as their litter box . They do not like the water spray and try to use alternate routes to enter the yard . It is a motion detector and catches them unaware . I move the Scarecrow around every couple nights and have had no problems .
 It will be a while for us to know if it truly is keeping the cats out of the sandbox since we 've never caught them in there -LRB- the evidence smells otherwise -RRB- . But , my kids love this sprinkler . It 's really actually a huge watersaver as they can play in it but only activate it when they are playing . Plus , trying to sneak up on it is a lot of fun .
 I bought this sprinkler to control my dogs from killing my grass in one side of my house.From the moment I hooked it up the dogs run away from it now I have grass growing were they kept stumping it down .
 Contech Electronics offered the best price on the Internet , and delivered the product quickly . I will buy from them again.david@signaturelandscapes.com
 I HAD BOUGHT THIS MOTION SENSOR SPRINKLER TO SCARE THE DEER FROM EATING ALL THE BUDS OFF MY FRUIT TREES , AS OF NOW IT DOES REALLY WELL . IT HAS A WIDE AREA THAT IT COVERS AND I HAVE SIX TREES IN A ROW AND IT COVERS ALL OF THEM ENOUGH SO THAT IF ANY DEER EVEN GET CLOSE TO THEM IT WILL GO OFF .
 Deer love the petals of Knockout roses - this I discovered after planting roses for my wife for Mother 's Day . Loaded with blossoms , but just for one day . Next morn - all gone . There are now four deer that will graze in our neighbor 's back yard and gaze longingly at our roses but do n't even come our direction thanks to the Scarecrow . And one time some friends came over and asked what that thing was in our back yard . As I was explaining the Scarecrow to them , along came a squirrel -LRB- just like I had hired it to demonstrate -RRB- and set it off - I had forgotten just how far squirrels could jump ! Our guests roared , as did I. Neighbor 's dog chasing an armadillo - dog will now not go near the Scarecrow . The armadillo ? Loves it ! Have never seen an armadillo roll on its back in the wet grass while getting sprayed , just like a puppy . So , forget it working on armadillos . Would recommend it to anyone with a deer or dog or squirrel problem . A hint on knowing when the battery needs to be changed
 I do n't usually write reviews , but the Conteck Scarecrow was wonderful for our purposes . We needed to keep neighbor cats out of our garden , and dogs off our brand new lawn . In the first day our own dogs learned to keep a respectful distance - I believe it got them twice before they wised up . Since we have both large and small dogs , we got a shorter pipe to attach the rainbird to , and that allowed the spray to go low enough to reach the littler dogs at closer range . I also found that surrounding the scarecrow with garden fencing -LRB- the cheap green wire stuff is more than adequate -RRB- so they ca n't go under the arc of spray close to the sprinkler is another helpful trick.We did get the two-way valve to make it easy to turn on and off the sprinkler and also continue to use the spigot for our regular gardening needs , so I would advise that . As suggested by another reviewer , we also got a flexible reinforced hose to make sure we did n't have a hose blow up on us . Those two items helped tremendously . A timer would n't be a bad idea if you are trying to scare off nocturnal wildlife , but we keep our Scarecrow on 24 hours a day as we have both daytimne and nighttime visitors.One fault as noted by others was the constant leaking at the fittings , but with a thicker rubber washer and silicone tape , that problem was solved .
 After trying many different methods of keeping deer away from our ornamental plants in our yard -LRB- including plants that were up several stairs ! -RRB- , I purchased a Contech Scarecrow . I now own 5 of these excellent units . I believe that I have practically all of my plants covered by one of the Scarecrow zones of coverage This is the first time we have ever successfully kept our flowers and shrubs from being ripped up and eaten by the very tame deer in the neighborhood . I think it is the noise of the sprayers coming on that really does the trick , but whatever works , I 'm happy.I did have to contact Contech about one of the units that seemed to be firing randomly on its own . I sent them email , and received a prompt answer from them , with a short , troubleshooting checklist that solved the problem . So , my experience with their tech support is excellent .
 Got this mostly for the geese problem , since my rented house boarders a large pond . It is effective in eliminating the geese from makinga mess of our property . The coverage is fairly good . One recommendation I would make is to ensure you protect a vast majority by possibly pruchasing 2 units . I currently have one installed , but through repetition , the geese avoid this area due to the inconveinence of the sprinkler -LRB- not just necissarily getting sprayed in the face with water -RRB- which keeps them faily clear , even beyond the scope of the sprinkler or the sensor . Durable and survived a drunken water fight with little to no injury . Also , notify the landscaper if you have one . They become annoyed getting shot with the sprinkler .
 The Scarecrow works fine . The kids love running in front of it also.The ground gets wet and the unit will lean back.Works great .
 After reading multiple reviews I bought 2 of these . Best thing I could have done . Prior to this I was beyond frustrated because the elk , javelina and rabbits virtually decimated my front yard . For whatever reason this year has been much worse than in the past . I would wake up at night from hearing the dogs barking only to look out and see elk casually chowing down on my front yard plants . this product works as advertised but they need to come up with a premium model -LRB- scarecrow plus ?? -RRB- that has a timer built in . The thing works incredibly well . So well it would willingly water down my buddy `` big Al '' my Fed-Ex driver . I cant have that . I had read another user that found the solution and it works perfectly . A timer . Now , I have a timer that comes on at 9PM and goes off at 6:30 AM . Now I hear sprinklers going off in the night and the Elk run for the other side of the street . In one short week my yard already looks 100 % better . Good stuff !
 The scarecrow works very good for the most part . The only problem I find with it is on windy days . The movement of the plants sets the scarecrow off .
 OK , this thing really does work well . I 've had mine for over 6 years . But the spike to stick it in the ground is a pain . Unit will fall over or even break depending on the hardness of the soil . So get a heavy duty small farm type feed bucket -LRB- plastic -RRB- and fill it 3/4 full of sawdust and about 1 to 2 inches of concrete on top of the sawdust . You do n't need to fill the bucket all the way up . Be sure to keep the hose connection above the level of the bucket or you wo n't be able to connect up to it . Stick the spike in the concrete and let it dry for 2 days . when you place it in the bucket move it off center so that when you pick up the bucket by the handle it does n't hit the spike so you can pick it up and move it any where you want with ease . I also use quick connects you can get most any where and its easier when you move it around .
 Every year we have Blue Jays try to raise a nest of babies in the maple tree that our patio is built around . The problem is that we have 16 cats . Over the years we have devised different things to keep the cats from climbing the tree when the babies hatch and they hear them chirping . Some years we have been successful and the baby birds have made it to adults and other years we have not . I was dreading it when they started a nest this spring . I decided to get on the internet and see if there was n't something out there that would keep the cats out of the tree . I found the Scarecrow . The absolute PERFECT solution . Cats do n't like water . I pulled over a tall , rolling trash can , -LRB- so it would be up off the ground enough not to see the dogs go by -RRB- plopped a 2cf , unopened bag of potting soil on the top and stuck the stake , with the Scarecrow on it , into the bag . I hooked up my hose and turned it on . I have n't had ANY of my cats try to go up that tree . I 've seen them laying in a chair on the patio looking up at the nest , but they have not messed with the birds . I could go to work during the day with peace of mind , knowing the birds were safe . I am happy to report that we just watched all 4 babies fledge the nest . Now this Scarecrow is going to duty in my flower garden keeping the cats from using it as their bathroom . I HIGHLY recommend this item !!!
 I recently planted my nice little urban garden , it was then that I started noticing all the cats in the neighborhood instantly attracted to it . I needed a way to keep them out , they were coming in at all hours of the day.I purchased the scarecrow and instantly they stay away ! Many a night I could hear the thing go off and the cats scatter back up the fence back to their own yards . My garden is left alone and if the cats are ever brave enough to hop back over that fence they get a quick reminder of why they should n't . The scarecrow works great ! I was a little excited to get it set up and figured I was smarter than it did n't need the instructions , well many a test and many a shower I read up quickly over the instructions -LRB- which yeah are idiot proof - trust me . . -RRB- and got it running.This is the best invention ever and worth every penny !
 A large raccoon , or perhaps a family of them , decided our back yard was a perfect bathroom . New piles graced the grass every morning , often two or three . We heard about this device on an NPR gardening show and decided to give it a try . Bingo ! It actually works , and our grass has now been crap-free for ten days . Yes , we 've been sprayed a few times when we wandered out into the yard without remembering to flip the switch , but that just reminds us of why the raccoon has sought other spots . Unfortunately , one of those spots is in a flower garden just outside the Scarecrow 's reach , so we are ordering another one to give coverage for the garden as well as the grass . Expensive , but well worth it .
 This product worked great in chasing the deer away at night , what it was designed to do . Other reviews are accurate that the battery can die quickly if left on all the time . Unfortunately , the fittings are made of cheap plastic and the head snapped off in my hands when I was pushing it into the ground . Its my own fault , but I wish it was a little more durable since it is made to sit in your year and not in box with packaging around it .
 I was in great need of an economical way to keep the deer and rabbits from eating the vegetables in my garden . After a lengthy search I came across the scarecrow . The high reviews are what convinced me to try it . It works great ! I am using it in combination with liquid fence and I have not had any damage from deer or rabbits . I would recommend this to anyone who has a similar situation and does not want to install a permanent fence .
 This product was purchased as a humane deterent to the feral cats in my neighborhood who are being fed by a well meaning , but misguided lady two doors down . They had been using my front garden as their personal litterbox , to the point that I no longer wanted to work out there because of the stench . I put the Scarecrow out , and after a few adjustments -LRB- plan to get wet during the set up ! -RRB- , it worked like a charm . I have had it out for two weeks and the cats have found alternative potty sites and not longer make `` deposits '' outside my front door!You will need to use teflon plumbers tape for connections or it will leak at the hose connection , which is why I gave it four stars instead of five , but not a big deal .
 This motion sensor sprinkler works great . It keeps both the cats and the kids off my lawn .
 The sprinkler is the only pets controle that work . The sound they egnor but when they get a shot water they run . The only bad part is you have water on consly , So you better do your plumming right and keap on checking if not you will have a water leak . If you do that the only product that works .
 We are gardeners . Actually , my wife is the gardener ; I do all the unskilled labor . The deer and other , unknown animals were eating her plants . We tried Irish Spring , stuff they sell at Home Depot that promises to keep the critters away , devices that emit ultrasonic beeps , etc. . The only product that has saved the roses and other plants deer love is the Scarecrow motion activated sprinkler . And on hot days the neighborhood kids love it . So far they know to enjoy the sprinkler without jumping on the plants ...
 Works as stated . Sprinkler is one of the cheap plastic kind but they are easy to replace for a couple bucks . It functions well and keeps my Weimaraners from pointing at the chickens . It also keeps the critters out of the grapevines .
 I 've suffered through many years of having my flowers and hostas eaten by deer . I 've tried EVERYTHING ! Sprays , garlic , wind chimes , fencing , powders ... nothing worked . I bought two of these and so far this year the deer have not got to any of my flowers . They do drain batteries pretty quickly but that 's a small price to pay over loosing hundres of dollars in flowers . One of the sprinklers leaked when I first got them but I was able to exchange it right away and the replacement arrived in a couple days before I was even able to send the defective one back ! They really do work as my fiance , myself and our dog as been scared by the sensor many times forgetting they were there ! The spray covers a good distance also . I would and have recommend this to anyone with deer problems !
 Easy to hookup , used some teflon tape around the connections to make sure it would n't leak . Works GREAT !!! It 's been working to keep a neighbor cat from fouling our garden . Worth every penny !!!!!
 It is what it says it is . Really works . Chases cats off . Highly recommended ! Very simple to set up . Easy access to battery .
 Since I have set up the scarecrow , I have seen no more cats in my yard . Thank goodness ! I had 5-6 cats frequenting my yard and using it as their litter box . I do n't even have it hooked up right now . The bird alone is enough to keep them away.My only complaint is that it leaks where it attaches to the hose . I have used white tape and tried to fix the problem , but it seems to be too much pressure . Even though I only have the water barely on , it has a constant slow drip .
 This is about the only thing that will work , to keep herons out of your pound , but the birds are very clever and will try to find a spot not coverd by the unit.one problem is that the threads on the unit and on the connectors that are sold with it are USAsize as thay do not fit garden taps or connectors in the UK .
 As a breeder of birds in a rural area with a ridiculously high cat population - I seriously needed a humane approach to deterring feline visits for `` snacks '' . This unit works like a dream ... the only enhancement required to its `` out of box '' function -LRB- designed to be `` freestanding '' on a spike -RRB- was to use a bit of shaped timber and plumbing elbows to secure it permanently to a fence which was my personal preference/requirement and maybe something that could be a design consideration if revised . Great product otherwise .
 I got this to scare off a pesky heron that ate some of my expensive Koi . I have n't had any more fish missing since it was installed . I would recommend to anyone that is trying to keep pests away from your pond . Just make sure and turn it of before you walk in the line of fire or you will be taking a bath .
 I bought this because several dogs run free in my new neighborhood and have been leaving me morning deposits in my yard . Not wanting to keep receiving these `` gifts '' , I needed a way to keep these visitors from coming back . However , I wanted a humane manner in which to do this . I purchased the scarecrow and it has done wonders for me . No more deposits . No more foul smells . Now I have a happy , visitor-free yard . I ca n't think of a better way to keep my property poo-free .
 prior to my purchase , my front yard was a litter box to `` rocky '' my next door neighbors cat and my arch nemisis.and then i purchased my SCARECROW and he no longer has property rights.this is a great product . . it really works any movement the sensor detects , then a burst of water which covers a large radius.another important benefit to me is every time a car drives by the scarecrow will activate and sprinkle my yard ... my grass has improved and looks great !! this is a great product ... i am planning to purchase a 2nd scarecrow for my backyard
 I have a pond with several nice sized koi . Koi are expensive , this product is amazing ! I bought 2 of these and a 15 ft hose to chain them together . I turn it on at night and so far , 3 months , I have not had an dead fish . Before this product I would be greeted on my deck with fish bones and guts . I tried a raccoon trap and it is a lot of work hauling a live raccoon in a cage , to the trunk of a car , driving miles away and releasing it . I tried the smelling pellets to put around the pond as a raccoon deterrent but that did n't work , raccoons are very smart.A single $ 5 battery lasted around 2 months . Product is durable . The only thing I can think of to make this product better is having it stay on without battery usage so I can water a large area since this sprinkler shoots far and would be useful in that way.This would also be great for gardens as deer like to eat my stuff too .
 Reasonably solid build , just need to be careful about torquing too hard on the plastic bits when putting it into the ground . Sensor and sprinkler bits work fine . Aside from pointing it at the ground or adjusting the water pressure it 's hard to adjust the stream . Seems like it would n't be too hard to incorporate some type vertical angle adjustment . Makes it hard to accommodate for the neighbors ' fence while still leaving enough water pressure to make the sprinkler function.I 'm thinking this is going to be a lot of fun in the front yard for Halloween and on April 1st . : D
 Works well as advertised , keeps crows and bunnies and deer out of my patch of garden about 10 ft by 25 ft and could cover more at higher senstivity and sprayer setting . The 9 volt battery lasted a good month.A bit awkward connecting to hose because the whole unit must be rotated around the hose fitting . I put on a quick connect fitting to make it easier.Unit will respond to rapid movement of leaves in a big wind but that has n't been much of a problem as our weather has been so dry the extra seconds of watering have been helpful.Sooner or later you 'll forget it is on and get sprayed while checking/weeding the garden . Keeps your sense of humour active ...
 This was a humane way to keep cats and dogs from using my yard as a dump zone !!! And it worked GREAT !! Contech Electronics CRO101 Scarecrow Motion-Activated Sprinkler
 I have had nothing but problems with cats and dogs pooping in my yard and flower garden . Tried all kinds of mulch , tree bark , etc. . I bought this , it arrived in record time . I put it together and made a few changes on the decals , like I made fangs instead of eyebrows , had fun doing it and even more fun as I heard it work over and over for the first few days . It has n't gone off in in the last 4 days , I checked by walking in it 's range and got soaked . Good thing it 's summer . This works !! It is worth every penny .
 great product worth every penny . I recommend it . Seller is greatItem worked beter than they said and very effective
 Has been keeping the neighborhood cats away during the day time , but obviously not at night , so they 're still invading our yard and defecating . Occasionally , you have to check the connections for leaks . The connections become loose from the frequent jarring when the sprinkler head is activated .
 I tried everything for my vegetable garden including fencing , electric fencing , solar vibration but this is the only product that actually worked . I have deer , chipmunk , turkey , and the most annoying , ground hogs . This works for all of them . Just set the sensitivity to the right setting . Do n't jack up the setting too high , otherwise , it 'll go off a lot . Not sure why other reviews say the battery runs out fast which I was worried about but I 've had it going for about a month with the product going off several times a day without any issues with the battery . Perhaps they jacked up the sensitivity to the top . The only downside is based on the size or layout , you may need to get several of these to keep out the animals . I have a garden about 50 x 20 with 2 tiers and tall plants so I needed at least 4 to get a good coverage . Amazon has the best price so get what you need for your garden and keep those pesky animals away !
 The motion sensor has a wide angle range and the water sprays a good 25 feet or so . I used it to keep my two puppies out of the flower bed and it has worked well .
 I bought the Scarecrow to put in my front yard to keep cats from using the mulch in my rose garden for a litter box . I hate coming out to prune my roses just to find 3 big piles of cat poop . I hooked the Scarecrow up and only turn it on at night . I have n't had a cat poop pile since I started the Scarecrow monitoring my front yard ! It 's GREAT !
 I have 3 raised garden beds which the neighborhood cats liked to use as their toilet . Well thanks to this sprinkler that no longer happens . Really easy to set up and the sensor has a variable setting so that when you set it lower it wo n't go off when the wind blows some nearby flowers.I 'm pleased with this product . Let 's hope it 's fully plastic construction will last .
 We bought two of these scarecrows several years ago and have used them continually ever since . Deer are a major problem in this area . Forget deer resistant plants , they will eat almost anything when they are hungry . What they do n't eat , they destroy , pulling it up and spitting it out ! We tried several chemicals including wild animal urine , without success . On the recommendation of a local landscaper we purchased the scarecrows and they really worked ! They protected even the most tender -LRB- delicious -RRB- plants.After the warranty expired , a big buck , escaping the spray , stepped on a scarecrow and broke the spray head . I called the factory , -LRB- phone number and e-mail on the included brochure -RRB- and they promptly sent a reasonably priced replacement.Recently , after six years of use , one unit was still working normally , but the other started spraying with a very small flow . I was prepared to buy a new one as we had several new tender plants that needed protection and I still needed both . However , I first tried again calling the phone number on the brochure , to my surprise it still worked ! I talked with a very polite gentleman who suggested I try disassembling the unit and thoroughly cleaning the parts with a vinegar solution , he would e-mail the instructions . He did , and I cleaned it following the very clear -LRB- with pictures -RRB- instructions . It was n't that hard and the scarecrow worked like new ! The scarecrows were initially expensive , but they are still doing the job and have been well worth the cost .
 This product is awesome . I am so happy that I made this purchase . I have been troubled by neighbor 's cat coming to my front lawn for bathroom for months . Tried nets , pet repellents , chilly peppers , onions ... etc. . Nothing worked until I found this Motion Activated Sprinkler . If you want to keep bird , cats , dogs and small animals away from your garden/lawn , this is the best solution!The product is self-explanatory . Very easy to assemble . The sensor is adjustable and the coverage of the area can also be customed . The design is compact and low-profile so it 's not very noticable when placed on corners of the lawn .
 serves the purpose of keeping racoons and/or skunks out of fishpond . easy to turn on and off . use it with dual hose connection to faucet .
 The product actually arrived earlier than expected . It was easy to set up and works great on all the deer that think our flowers and plants are being grown just for them .
 Have had the Scarecrow now for about 3 months and IMHO it works great and would buy more , and just might for next summer . I leave it on all night , turn it off during the day , and for the first time we have roses blooming for more than a day before deer eat them ! I love this device ! I leave it on the most sensitive setting and it picks up rabbits at times too , but always picks up anything over a foot high within 25-30 feet . YOU MUST keep the 9v battery fresh if you use it like me , mine lasted about 2 months then it just would not respond , it was easy to catch to replace the battery so as not to miss a night 's protection for us . I spiked mine down with a separate 24 in . steel spike I had on hand , I do not recommend pounding in the plastic spike provided , one because it is too short , and two because it is weak and is better tied to something like a steel spike pounded in first , and third because it naturally vibrates and shakes and a good heavy spike in the ground really helps it keep its position as you want it . The sprinkler head adjusts very easily to hit the area you need protected . I had to tighten up the hose fittings really good as the vibration will make them leak , I even used a plumbing thread goop you can buy anywhere to seal the threads better , no leaks now . Do n't hesitate to get this , you will consider it a great investment as opposed to giving in to those deer garden vandals .
 Deer have been a serious problem here . Herds of 20 or more are common . We tried to keep them out of the garden using some vile smelling stuff . It worked sometimes.We bought the Scarecrow , although we doubted that anything other than a high fence would be really effective . We were very surprised that the scarecrow works so well . We have had zero deer damage for two years.For smaller animals , rabbits and groundhogs , it has been partially successful . We have it set fairly high to detect der so the smaller animals sometimes are not noticed by the scarecrow.I am buying a 2nd scarecrow to provide better coverage .
 I have one neighbor with three cats that thought our vegetable garden needed fertilizing kitty style . I tried sprays , granules , burry newspaper , keep the dirt wet and a bunch of other suggestions that did n't work . A squirt gun worked well till the cats saw me but came back when I was not around . I bought two of these Scarecrows and they are very effective , those cats do n't come over any more . We got two more new neighbors with four cats -LRB- that makes seven cats total currently around here -RRB- ; the new ones only came over one time each . The wife and I look at each other and chuckle when we hear a Scarecrow go off . The only problem is when we forget to turn them off and get soaked and when our dog ignores them and gets wet , but that is not an issue with the Scarecrow ... duh . Also , the yellow sitckers fade rapidly . My biggest suggestion is to use a heavy duty hose , a lightweight one will burst in a matter of time .
 I was sick and tired of the neighbors dogs using my vehicles as a napping area and was really upset at the urinating on the wheels . I purchased the Scare Crow with hopes it would help . Not only did it help , but cured the problem ! . After getting sprayed twice the dogs have not been back ! . I am so happy with the results , that I had to pass on my results .
 I bought this because I had deer jumping the fence to eat my garden at night . This seemed so simple and cost effective so I thought I 'd try it out . I have not had anything get into my garden since I installed this baby . Easy to set up and use . I would highly recommend this product . I needed the height to be a little higher so I filled a large tub with dirt and put it inside . I can now move it around the yard as needed .
 Works as advertised . I love it when the geese walk in front of this sprinkler and get the shock of there life .
 Bought this to protect roses and scrubs from deer . Works great at scaring them off . Finally getting the rose garden that we could n't get with chemical deer deterrents .
 I bought two of these scarecrows in order to get rid of some pseky cats that used my gardens for a litter box . Ive tried many different approaches , but these sprinklers kicked butt ! They where fairly inexpensive , easy to set up , very functional for the task at hand , and served multiple purposes . Not only did I get rid of the cats , but now I deter neighborhood children from my back yard , I can set up surprises for visiting family , and they help prevent door to door salesman from approaching my house ! Great buy ! Only negative comment would be the fact that you have to set them up away from any plants that sway in the wind , or the sprinkler will go off all night ! And some advice for any one with cat problems , use a dozen mouse traps scattered around the normal bathroom areas , with the scarecrow sprinkler for backup . No cats in less then a week , and they havent returned for over a month !
 I love the Scarecrow . It was my first ever garden and I was proud of all my hard work . My days were spent planting seeds , watering and watching the seedlings emerge . Then on day I was checking on my little vege babies and discovered that my cat , Mr. Hobbs , was using my garden as a litter box !! Each day he was digging up delicate seedlings and leaving his mess for me to deal with ! I lost broccoli and kale plants and more destruction was on the way . I love my cat but was getting increasingly frustrated at him with each episode . Then came the Scarecrow . The bait was set , we easily assembled the Scarecrow turned it on and watched ... Sure enough Mr. Hobbs went sneaking around the house into the garden , then POW ! He got soaked with the spray and spooked by the sudden movement and sound of my new garden protector . Thanks to Scarecrow I have not lost any veges to cats , rabbits or deer . Now if they could just make a miniature version to get rid of the leaf eating bugs !
 Works like a charm . We no longer have stray dogs coming into our front lawn . Really love it !
 We have a love/hate relationship with the cats next door , along with all the strays who battle for turf . On the one hand , having cats around had eliminated the rat problem in our neighborhood , which , believe me , was worse than any cat poop . On the other hand , I had reached the end of my rope of creativity looking for ways to keep the cats out of my garden . We tried expensive cat repellent sprays , concrete reinforcement wire , weed cloth -- the barriers kept the cats from digging and leaving their deposits there , but the more aggressive cats would just rip out flowers and mark their territory in that spot . The Contech Scarecrow has solved our cat problem . Before setting up the scarecrow , I never would have dared to leave a whole garden covered with so much tempting compost and mulch unprotected -- I would find evidence of digging and burying in even a few square inches of bare soil . Cats are apparently creatures of habit , and our garden WAS their bathroom . We have n't had a cat in our yard since we set up the scarecrow . No more digging , cat feces , spraying , destroyed plants -- and no rats , either -- best of both worlds . I occasionally see cats walking carefully on top of the fence , casting baleful glances my way , but they stay on their own side of the fence .
 This water gun is quite sensitive to motion , whether it is a dog , a deer , or the delivery person.I wish it had something sturdier that the plastic stake , so that it could be pounded into theground.The 9V battery needs frequent replacement , especially if you leave it on 24/7 . I plan to by asecond one for the lower garden .
 After receiving my Scarecrow 3 days ago it has helped tremendously to keep the local geese out of the flower beds . Yard is totally fenced in so they pretty much stay out of the yard , but it looks like I 'll need one more since the sensor because there only seems to be about 45degrees of left to right coverage . Have n't had any leaks yet . Sensor works well , but could use a longer burst , say up to 10 seconds instead of the short 3 seconds . The water deflector dial will not stay at full max as it creeps back towards the center . I agree with others its cheaply made with plastic . . Only hope it will last ... Anyone who has purchased the Scarecrow may notice in the directions it does n't mention sensor coverage angle like a motion light would . .
 I was very pleased with the scarecrow it worked really well , especially liked it when my granddaughter got caught and soaked by it .
 Nice to have a gadget that does it 's job 24/7 , with no complaints so far . It 's been going for almost two weeks now , and no trace of Charlie 's `` gifts '' on his favorite lawn - mine ! Did n't even apply the `` scarecrow '' decals , so it is truly a stealth sprayer . In fact , it 's doubly effective since , when it 's turned on , no one would dare walk on the lawn and step on anything even if it was there ! If you happen to trigger its `` eye '' it really makes you run for cover ! You do need to figure out how to place it so you can sneak up behind it and turn it off at the control knob , in case you do want to use the lawn -LRB- that IS the point of it , after all ! -RRB- Just turning off the water supply does n't prevent it from squirting a few times with the residual pressure , apparently.All it needs is a 9 volt battery , and although the directions specify an alkaline battery -LRB- they cost around $ 5 a piece ! -RRB- , the local dollar store sells non-alkaline versions for 2 / $ 1.00 and they seem to last over a week each , so I 'd recommend using them first , anyway.So far , so good . Charlie has other options , I 'm sure .
 Liked the first one so much , immediately bought another . So far , no evidence of deer in our garden . Also , great fun for our grandson , who loves to `` Test '' the Scarecrow on hot summer days ...
 Before installing the Scarecrow Motion-Activated Sprinkler , the deer leveled our bean plants . We re-planted , and with the Scarecrow protection , we are now harvesting beans ! It works !
 I bought this item after seeing it being used in a friends garden . They gave it such a strong recommendation I had to try it out . My problem was that I have many deer that roam my property and have taken a liking to the flowers -LRB- mostly hostas -RRB- that I have had for many years in front of my house . This year they kept them nibbled down to no more than an inch in height . Once I installed this sprinker in August the flowers continued to grow until the first frost . It works so good it chased my wife and I out of the garden a time or two when we had forgotten it was there . One thing I would recommend is to have a remote water shut off , or to be able to approach it from the rear to be able to turn it on or off or adjust it when needed . I will be buying more of these to protect other gardens in my yard and to try them on my blueberries.Last note is that the yellow stickers to make it look like a bird of some sort , do not have to be applied , if you do n't care for the appearance of the sprinkler with the stickers .
 My mothers garden was being eaten by small critters . Rabbits , chipmunks , and raccoon . We live in growing zone 6 . This item worked great all spring and at night , but in the summer heat -LRB- 90 degrees -RRB- . The infrared had trouble telling the difference between critter and background signature . So i suggest , people in Virginia and lower this is not the product for you . But everything north should see marked improvement on crop loss ,
 Did the job . Scares away unwanted birds and animals . Shipped quickly . Will buy again for other locations . Very pleased with purchase .
 I live in Florida and I grow palm trees from seeds . My plants are very important to me and this year was the worst I 've had in about twenty years for animal intruders . I tried many alternatives that worked in the past -LRB- mothballs , pepper spray , coyote urine , etc. -RRB- and I was about to embark on a very cumbersome and elaborate electric fence -LRB- with which I have a lot of experience -RRB- . I did some research and found this product and decided to try it -LRB- after all , only $ 40.00 -RRB- after spending a small fortune on other methods that had previously worked . This product has been great and I 've bought three of them so far . This is a terrific product and I recommend it highly .
 I have not completely install it but tested it out and it works . Make sure to use heavy duty good pipe/hoses to connect or it bursts while you away from home . Turn off and drain in winter . The drawback_can not use in winter though in VA. .
 The only time I was able to have vegetables or flowers in deer country was when I had Scarecrow motion detector sprinklers protecting them . They have different sensitivity settings , so you can even scare away smaller critters . The prices were about $ 80/ea . back then , and I could n't afford them , as they lasted only about a season in my weather , but at these prices I may yet grow vegetables again !
 We set the sensitivity up as high as it went , and it goes off with the wind , but we wanted some extra water on the location , so have not adjusted it . Battery has lasted over a month with it activating many times a day . One could probably train animals to stay away even with the water off eventually due to the loud click it makes when activated .
 Works as advertised ! Keeps critters out of flower and vegetable garden .
 We were finally able to enjoy our roses , flowers and tomatoes . It works and is great fun for children . We have recommended it to others who have problems with deer . I just wish the deer would not realize that we can not have the water hooked up during the cold months . I had hoped they would get out of the habit of coming in the yard , but they seem to know when to visit . Nature !
 I originally bought this thing to keep the local deer off my lawn . But soon after installing it -LRB- and connecting it to a sprinkler timer thing what turns on the water at 9:00 pm and turns it off at 6:00 am -RRB- , I realized it does more than scare deer
 this has worked to keep deer from eating my garden . nothing else has worked before this plus it waters the garden and yard . i bought two and set them where the deer came in at . after a few days i turned them off and you couldnt drive deer to the garden . great idea
 Cats just love nice soft planting bed dirt . Easy digging , no grass or leaves to work around and often plenty of room so they do n't have to re-visit the same spot . They are indeed tidy animals . After preparing them for this year 's planting , adding all sorts of expensive amendments , every day saw new cat diggings and poop . This year the beds are off limits.Set up the Scarecrow and not one cat visit to report yet . Well , they might of visited , but they did n't stay ! I know it fired off at least once and while the water goes up some and does n't actually hit them , it does make a sudden and fearsome noise and a lot of commotion and they want no part of that.Once I saw a mountain lion paw mark in one of my beds , so if it chases them away that might also be a good thing . Same for raccoons at the fish pond . And it does all this humanely.You do have to be careful to set the sensor low enough for cats and smaller animals . In the past I tilted a Scarecrow down so the sensor picked them up , but for deer or larger dogs you do n't have to . With a raised bed it is easy to set up the height to just above ground level , but for a bed at ground level you might want to try setting it in a pit . You ca n't lean it over because it works by tracking animals walking across its path.It does not work on critters coming straight at or away from it . My outdoor motion lights are like that . You have to spend the time to find out the direction your visitors will travel and make sure they go across its path.The kick of the water will indeed knock it back so that it is pointed upward and this will make it useless . Really , you just have to attach it to a supporting post . I wired mine to the planter walls . I had one once that I put into a pot full of gravel and that did not work . Normal soil will not contain it either.So , spend the time to point it correctly and secure it . I find that going up half-way on the sensitivity works fine . You just have to test your situation -LRB- with the water off -RRB- . You need a 9V battery as it does not ship with one.Years ago I had what seems to be the same device , a gift . It broke and the company would not answer an email about buying the part -LRB- solenoid -RRB- . I hope things have changed and parts will be available . I do not like throwing away a $ 50 item that can be easily fixed.Hecho en China of course . Should be cheaper considering . Lost a star for that .
 Our neighbors cats were using our yard as their own personal litterbox ... until we got this ! Works great , does n't hurt the animal .
 Bought it and set it up by the front door , -LRB- all my friends and family use a side door -RRB- , and let the magic begin ! No more ringing the doorbell at 8:00 am on a Saturday ! Or any day of the week for that matter ! No leaflets , no soliciting , nada . If I have a package arriving that day I 'll shut off the spigot . The end .
 We have herds of deer coming through our yard daily , and they decimate the landscape and would have done so to our vegetable garden if we had not had the Scarecrow to run them off . It is fun to watch them sneak up on the garden , only to be surprised by the outburst of the spray . Great product !
 I bought two of these and found them to be the most effective deer repellent I have seen . Most of our neighbors bought this unit after seeing how well it worked for us -LRB- or maybe it was because the Scarecrow chased all the deer into their yards -RRB- . The sensitivity of the motion sensor is adjustable so distant movements do not trip the sprinkler . Once tripped , it will spray for about 3 seconds ; just enough to startle whatever got its attention . I use two Scarecrows at a time , pointed in opposite directions , to cover areas behind each sensor . Two -LRB- or more -RRB- units can be &#34; daisy-chained &#34; together , by connecting a hose from the first unit to the next one down the line , etc. . I highly recommend the Scarecrow to anyone who has issues with deer .
 I waited until the end of the season to review this product . It worked perfectly . I had to replace the battery once . I cleaned the lens a couple of times . We did accidentally spray ourselves several times , but that just makes the gardening more exciting .
 All of the other reviews are dead on when they talk about how well it works . Motion detection is fantastic . I has been activated about a dozen times by my cats and the squirrels . My cats no longer head for the fence and stay in their own yard . Ca n't wait to try it in the front to keep the deer out.One thing to consider . I have soft soil . When the sprinkler is activated it jerks a little bit . Due to my soft soil it was off kilter and aiming the wrong way after going off three times . I lengthened the stake with some re-bar and bailing wire to plant it deeper in the ground .
 it was the best thing I bought it gets rid of cats , pesky children cutting thru the yard it takes care of everything
 Now if only the water in my area was n't so hard this unit would have a lot more life in it . That said the controls are a little quirky setting the sensitivity and all -- but only because the lawn I was protecting was on the corner next to a busy sidewalk.So my situation ... The patch of grass I wanted to protect was like a truck stop for animals and their respective owners . Effing neighbors would n't clean up after the pets and it was really getting to me as I would have to pick it up before I could cut my grass . Once in a while I would think I would have them all picked up and bam !!! seemingly step on dogs *** . No thanks I had enough and found this little gem.I set it up and did plenty of tests with sensitivity and angled it properly . I even had to use a little electrical tape on the motion sensor to block a portion of the walkway , but only because it was on the corner . Anyway the satisfaction you get of watching the owners bring their dog -LRB- s -RRB- to my patch of grass only to be assaulted by harmless squirts of water was second to none . I seriously could watch it for hours . One time a neighbor and her tiny mut stepped into the no fly zone and were both blasted by some high quality h2o -- absolutely priceless .
 I put this in my garden , it keeps deer and rabbits away . My neighbor now has all the deer and rabbits . This sprinkler makes just enough noise and sprays just enough to let the critters know to look elsewhere -LRB- much to my neighbors dismay -RRB- -LRB- we joke about it -RRB- . Would recommend to others .
 This works great.I have a cat problem , and this is a ` friendly ' way to remind them they do n't live here.I wish there was a metal version .
 Those little night time diggers , I hope they dont mind getting wet . it works greatand the grass gets watered at the same time .
 I was having a problem with racoons in my yard and causing alot of damage . I did n't want to hurt them in anyway , just send them on there way . After 2 days of setting up the sprinklers , they did leave . The sprinkler is alittle hard to set up -LRB- without getting wet -RRB- and it leaks slightly where it connects to the hose , but it definitely got the job done .
 This little gadget was the perfect thing for the raccoons that were using our front yard as a toilet . No more problem : -RRB-
 Although I 'm still adjusting it so that it does n't soak the neighbors as they walk down the sidewalk , the scarecrow works exactly as advertised right out of the box . Well made and sturdy .
 I wish we would have had this product before the deer ate most of this year 's daylilies and hostas . Looking forward to a garden without deer next season . Product scares away the deer and neighborhood kids that use our property as a shortcut home . Would recommend highly - even though its expensive - I think its worth it !
 I was really upset to see the tomatoes , gladiolous , cucumbers , pumpkins , corn , canteloupes and other plants and flowers grazed over by deer one morning ... you wait all winter , plant , water , fertilize , hope , then all in one night some stupid deer eats it all !!! I set up two Scarecrows in my yard and the deer , and rabbits , have not been back !!!!!!! Plants have recovered . The sensor range is good and they do n't use a lot of water , and they are effective . I 've even seen them activated by squirrels .
 My wife and I live in the woods and we are avid gardeners . We did n't like putting fences up and the Scarecrow is the only product that has been effective in protecting our Oriental Lilies . Sadly , the Scarecrow only had a life of two years . This year , the ravenous creatures have even acquired a taste for Hostas ! Even though the Scarecrow stopped working this Spring , I 'm going to buy two more for next season .
 I bought this product because the neighborhood cats were using my uncle 's herb garden as a toilet . He has us over for dinner several times per week . I did n't want to run the risk of hurting any animals , but I also did n't want `` contaminated '' herbs in my salad ! So far , the motion-activated scarecrow has been great ! The cats only need one encounter with the scarecrow to learn their lesson . If you have a similar problem , this product is a great solution . Highly recommended .
 I wish I had thought to take a picture of the damage to our back lawn from the bathroom habits of our two French Bulldogs ... We tried several things , , nothing worked , , , One dog loves water , the other dog hates water , so we were n't sure if the Scarecrow would work , , , , , It was like magic , , , , , we reseeded the dead spots . the Srarecrow not only kept the dogs off , but kept the seeds wet ... the new grass is growing great , even in this heat , , , , , , love my scarecrowsArlene HoganRiverton , Utah
 It really seems to be working well . No plant damage since we started using it except for a couple of times I forgot it was on . It quickly reminded me when I stepped in front of it .
 The scarecrow was delivered to my house within 5 days of purchase . It was well packaged and in excellent condition.It works ! I was on vacation for a week , and my flower garden was safe . I came home to blooming flowers . Prior to using the scarecrow , deer were eating the buds off of many of my perennials.The sensitivity setting works well . Easy set-up .
 I must admit I was skeptical but this product has proven to be as advertised . Usually by this time of year our plants and flowers are chewed down to the roots by deer and other wildlife . Not the case this year . Everything is as we planted . I would recommend it to anyone ... . it has been very effective . If you place it by your front door it is advisable to warn visitors but it 's good for a laugh .
 I was unsure about ordering the Scarecrow but wanted to try it since the deer were eating my `` deer proof '' plants at night in the front of the house . I was n't sure I had set it up exactly right but within a week , I noticed all the plants were trying to grow back and seemed to be thriving . This device lets me plant varieties no one else would dare try in this deer infested neighborhood.Since our deer feed at night , it 's easy to set the Scarecrow on a hose timer and shut it off during the daytime to protect the mailman and joggers . But in this very hot summer , if a passerby were to get a spray or two , would it be so wrong ?? This product WORKS !!
 this is great product does what it says , just keep out the way when activatedyour ' e likely to get wet
 WE HAD TRIED JUST ABOUT EVERYTHING TO KEEP THE DEER OUT OF OUR VEGETABLE GARDEN . EVERYTHING FROM SPRAYS , DUSTS , DIRTY SOCKS AND CUT HAIR . NOTHING SEEMED TO WORK . WE WERE AT OUR WITS END . SO I THOUHGT I WOULD TRY THE SCARECROW , THOUGH I DIDNT WANT TO SHELL OUT THE MONEY BECAUSE I ALREADY SPENT QUITE A LOT ON THE OTHER PRODUCTS , THAT DIDNT DO JACK DIDDLY . I FIGURED THE SCARECROW WOULD BE THE LAST STRAW ... AND SURE ENOUGH IT WAS THE BEST $ 60 BUCKS I SPENT . THE DEER WANT TO HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH THAT GARDEN NOW . THE ONLY MINOR GRIPE I HAVE IS THAT I HAVE TO BUY 1 9V BATTERY A WEEK . THE BATTERY LIFE DOESNT LAST LONG ENOUGH FOR ME . BUT THEN AGAIN WE HAVE A LOT OF DEER .
 we have had these scare crows for several years as the motion keeps the deer away . we have a terrible deer problem as we live on an island ... It is better than any sprasy products .
 The deer no longer munch on the roses . The cat no longer hides beneath the hummingbird feeder -LRB- which is on a pole , but if you know hummingbirds , you know they dodge and dive as they compete for the feeder rights , and the cat had parked itself down there waiting for a one to come in range -RRB- . The scarecrow sprinkler is a nifty device . If you order it , you ought to consider getting a Y-connector for your outdoor faucet , so it can be used for another hose for the other chores you do .
 For any price , this is the most practical and effective way of keeping wild-life out of the garden outside of putting up physical barriers -LRB- ie fences , screens , etc -RRB- . Spend the 10-15 minutes after setting up to adjust the sensitivity and range of coverage . I have personally seen animals as small as rabbits and large of deer being sprayed when approaching the garden within a range of 3-10 feet .
 This product works really well . The other day we found a deer track right where our garden starts , which is right where the sprinkler 's view begins as well . It was the first and last track toward our garden . I want another one for other areas of the property .
 After reading other reviews on the SCARECROW ... . we bought two !! They work perfectly and keeps our very large yellow lab out of the roses and shrubs where he loves to dig . Yes , the scarecrow will keep you out too !! Great product to deter animals from the area you choose .
 After losing numerous large and expensive Koi out of our pond due to a heron and trying other products that did nothing , we decided to go with this . So glad we did because it really works ! I can hear the heron land on our roof and see it land in front of the pond and within seconds flies off due to the spray from the scarecrow . We have n't lost a Koi since setting this device up . I am now going to purchase an additional scarecrow for my front yard to keep the neighbors mangey a $ $ annoying cats out of my yard ! They are using my garden as a catbox not to mention stalking birds at my bird feeder and bird baths . I despise these cats so this will be fun watching them get sprayed while entering my yard . Only downfall is my dogs and myself have gotten sprayed by walking in front of the scarecrow . But this is my fault and is n't a big deal considering how well this thing works ! Try it , you wo n't be dissapointed !
 We were having a problem with the neighbors cats making a mess on our front porch and spraying the front door . We tried several methods of keeping the cats away , but nothing worked . As soon as we placed the Scarecrow in service it worked great . I watched as one cat came up to the porch and the Scarecrow came on , which scared it away . About three minutes later it came back and the same thing happened . After four times it gave up and found another place to make a mess . The Scarecrow is doing a great job .
 We 've tried EVERYTHING to keep the neighbor 's cats from coming into our yard -LRB- ultrasonic sounds activated by motion sensors , evil-smelling chemicals , sticky stuff and spikes lined up along fence-tops -RRB- . The scarecrow finally got the job done . No more cats in the yard since it was installed.Only problem is remembering to turn it off -LRB- easy to do , using a knob at the top of the gizmo -RRB- when we want to go out into the yard . Even managed to train my husband to do this , using a big red card on the back door that indicates when the scarecrow is ON ... Based our experiences , I would n't bother with an ultrasonic cat repeller -LRB- Contech or BirdX , we tried both -RRB- , as the cats just got used to them.Finally , the scarecrow also seems to work for racoons , who have also avoided our garden since we installed it .
 I bought my first Scarecrow quite a few seasons ago -LRB- I 'm thinking at least six years -RRB- after noticing that the number of fish in our small pond was dwindling . One morning I woke up to see a blue heron standing on the edge , patiently waiting for its breakfast . Hense , my first Scarecrow!This is a replacement to that first scarecrow , who finally after years has given up the ghost , leaving big boots to fill . Since the first Scarecrow , I do n't believe we 've lost a fish or frog to a predator . The newbie is now valiantly standing guard , protector of the pond critters . If you 're looking for a deterrent for a certain area , I recommend it ! Plus , it 's fun to send some unassuming visitor into it 's path!Ordering from Amazon was a no-brainer ; best price I could find , ease of ordering , and it arrived earlier than expected , which I find is most of the time when ordering from Amazon .
 We live in an area with very heavy deer pressure , and I am able to defend my garden with the Scarecrow and Deer Guard spray . The Scarecrow gunks up with our hard water , and tends to leak at the hose junction , but is worth the hassles and expense . I usually have two or three set up , and without them plants worth hundreds of dollars would be eaten like a deer buffet . Deer are creatures of habit , and tend to wander the same pathways , so it is easy to figure out where to place them . Too bad more garden centers do n't carry the Scarecrow , it truly keeps our herd of 7 deer at bay .
 After moving into our new home and 7 months of dealing with the neighbors ' dogs visiting our front lawn every day/night , throwing rocks , posting signs , cursing outloud , etc. , I found this on Amazon and bought it . I set it up and after one week , NO MORE DOGS !
 The `` Bird '' is amazing . Its motion activator has a wide range and long shot , which you can control . Not only deer get hit with the stream of water , smaller animals are targeted , too . It 's actually a good deterrent for prowlers as well . It 's useful to have a timer to control the hours it 's on - or you might have an upset -LRB- and wet -RRB- delivery or repair person . The lasting power is great . Batteries should last a year , and three of my `` birds '' are on their fourth year . You have to remove them in freezing weather , then out they go in the yard again in the spring . The dog hates them , but we love them .
 No leaves bitten , no vegetables missing , since we installed two back to back scarecrows . They quickly pick up on movement 25-35 feet away and immediately whirl and spray . They 're better and more economical than putting up a fence .
 this seems to work at keeping animals from raiding or garden so far !! I forget about it and get sprayed all the time
 I noticed the stray cats come by less often now . The only negative reviews are occasional leaks and sensitivity to the wind -LRB- even after adjusting -RRB- but these issues are minor .
 This product is very effective in ridding our yard of pesky squirrels ! Unfortunately the Starlings are laughing at it.We do however wish it came with better explanation of the field of detection and how the control knob effects this .
 We have used a scarecrow to protect my Koi for about 7 years - we are replacing the first one now as a valve broke . Set at eye level to a raccoon , it has kept my fish safe from numerous predators . The only creature not detured by it has been a heron - he thought it was a personal shower !
 This motion detector sprayer worked every time when I forgot it was there and it sprayed me , and the dog also . It never did spray the birds I was trying to keep off my newly sowed lawn .
 My first scar-crow/deer chaser quit over the winter . I had it for about 4 seasons . We will see how long this one lasts . It keeps the deer out of the flower garden from May to October .
 I first have to say I love the photos that people have posted here.Secondly and most importantly , this item WORKS . In essence , it is a garden sprinkler with a built-in motion detector . The detector , when activated , will engage the sprinkler to spray for a total of THREE seconds . The unit will then pause for EIGHT seconds before engaging again if there is motion -LRB- by motion I mean changes in thermal energy . . this is what the unit detects -RRB- . You can also set the sensitivity level as well as adjust the depth and breadth of the water spray.I would have given this item five stars had it not been for one issue . The issue is my `` backyard '' has no grass and the only method of anchoring this unit down is with the supplied stake . I needed to place this item on my patio table 's umbrella hole -LRB- secured by a two-by-four I locked it in place to -RRB- for it to be able to stand upright . This is my only gripe . However my case I am sure is not the norm . If you have a backyard with grass , then this item will work wonders for your pet deterrent needs.Enjoy!Joel
 It works just as they said it would , I have even been surprized by it , when forgetting it was there .
 Excellent product for keeping deer out of my roses . I hooked to a timer set to go off at night when the deer feed and that stopped to problems with my roses .
 As mentioned in other reviews , had a leak from the water inlet . Sealed it with teflon tape but after 2 week noticed a small leak again.Other than the water leak , it works as advertised .
 My elderly neighbor has a number of cats that are let out at night . They would constantly leave their droppings in my backyard lawn . So I got this . It works great . At first , the area had a great deal of water being sprayed , because they constantly would go on my lawn . Now , it only sprays maybe twice a day -LRB- usually a bird -RRB- , and no more droppings .
 We live in an urban suburb , but infested with rabbits and herds of small deer . they ate my hosta like a caesar salad , day-lilies and more.My next door neighbor put up a 10 foot barbed wire fence to seperate our yards . . bought two scarecrows . no deer and no rabbits . the next best thing is what a 6 year old and 4 year old grandson can do with these units ... it will crack you up ... keep an extra set of clothes -LRB- or bathing suit -RRB- for them so their parents wo n't go crazy .
 this scarecrow , works great ! I have had a problem withcats defecating in my back yard , and now they are gone . along with an occational skunk.I would recomend this product very highly !
 I purchased this product specifically to use as a deterrant to my neighbors cats who think my back yard is their bathroom , it does exactly what i hoped it would do , I wish i would have got one sooner and saved myself some trouble trying to figure out a solution on my own.Great product , worth every penny .
 We 've lived in an area bordered by state game land for 11 years ... full of deer . However , only when we lost our dog two years ago did we start having problems with deer entering our yard and bothering our landscaping . This past winter was the worst as they tore through plants never touched before ; some plants have died as a result of the damage.We 've tried the sprays recomended by neighbors and local nurserys , but have found them marginally effective , especially if we delay retreating after it rains . Out of near desperation we ordered two SCARECROWS . Deployed in early March , we have n't seen a single deer since . Many of our trees and shrubs are now starting to rebound . No question about it
 I purchased my Scarecrow to ward off rose-ravaging deer . It 's done an excellent job keeping deer out of my garden ; plus me , my cat , my chickens , my elderly neighbor who babysits our pets , and an occasionally innocent visitor . ALWAYS a surprise !! But I 'll never fault the sprinkler for human forgetfulness . It has worked flawlessly . Best deterrent I 've found . Just wish it worked on moles/voles and other burrowing critters!I 'm expanding my garden this year , and will be including a 2nd Scarecrow .
 I needed some way to keep squirrels from destroying my garden . The year before they destroyed 96 broccoli and cabbage plants . I bought the Scarecrow and set it up - easy to do . No squirrels in the garden . This thing works ! It 's easy to set up and easy to use . Time from unpacking the box to turning the water on to the Scarecrow is 10 minutes . I ordered another one to protect my plum trees . I 'm sold .
 We put in a swimming pond with large Koi and it took about 2 months for a huge Blue Heron to discover it . The bobble head owl did nothing and we were afraid to lose thousands of dollars of fish . Got this and it covers the area we need without getting the kids when they are in the yard playing . We can approach it from behind and shut it off when we want to get in the water . My husband plans to run a constant water supply from the irrigation system so we do n't have a hose running over the lawn which is a pain when mowing .
 i purchased this to protect my bird feeders from my neighbor 's cats . I have all indoor cats . I love cats , birds and all wildlife so I needed a humane way to keep the neighbor 's cats away and this product did the job nicely . I only gave it 4 stars as it 's not 100 % effective -LRB- what is ? -RRB- . I purchased two to catch them from either direction - but sometimes they just fail to detect the cat 's motion . Now winter is coming and I 'm thinking a fence guard and the contech ultrasound cat deterrentContech CatStop Ultrasonic Outdoor Cat Deterrent . I wish I could catch the little hunter and put a bell on her too ! Of course the sure-fire way to deter the cat is to stop feeding the birds ... But I wont give up feeding my birds until I am out of options ! = -RRB-
 This little contraption did the trick . My dog was feasting on the organic fertilizer in our Earth Boxes on our deck . I mean , she was destroying those things . No more . NO MORE ! With this simple device that I attached to one of the rails on the deck it triggers whenever she -LRB- or I or my wife or my children -RRB- get near . I 've found one blind spot so I can sneak up on it and turn it off without getting sprayed to check my plants . But it does when I need it to . And it 's nonstop summer fun for the kids ! Bonus .
 The ScareCrow is easily configurable for detection sensitivity and the Range and Direction of sprinkler . I use it to protect a `` D '' shaped pond 20 x30 feet in area from a Herron.Detector will activate when a plant moves in its field of vision , on a windy day it will activate once or twice an hour . The battery lasts at least two weeks under such conditions . Device has too much plastic , but working well .
 I ended up having to buy a pressure regulator to knock the pressure down to 40-50 PSI before itwould trigger consistently . It does work as advertised , the pests only took 2 encounters to learnto go somewhere else .
 It works great . I like that you ca n't adjust the sensitivity very easily . I have had no problems with dear eating my garden since I bought this item . I would recommend it to everyone .
 Item arrived promptly . It squirts when I walk in front of it . Sometimes squirts when cat walks in front of it . No observations with deer yet .
 I stumbled across the photos for this product . They were so funny I almost died . Who knew a lawn sprinkler could have a cult following ?
 So far it 's working pretty good . However , it 's been raining lately so no cats are coming by at night . I will need more time to fully test it . Definitely recommend it but I thought the price was a bit high . But if it gets rid of the cats , then it will be worth every penny .
 My scarecrow is great fun . I have it in line with my back window so I can see the results ! It 's hilarious to watch the squirrels try to avoid getting wet . If you are really mean , you can bait it with peanuts or pistachios that did n't open.You need to secure the hose fittings so you do n't waste water , and it 's a bit tricky to aim , but this can be overcome by trial and error.DON ' T FORGET TO TURN OFF YOUR HOSE WHEN ADJUSTING FITTINGS , OR YOU 'LL BE THE ONE GETTING WET . I ca n't wait for warmer weather to hook mine up for the season.Those bushy-tailed lawn wreckers had better beware ! If you can afford it , two that would aim a ` V ' shaped pattern on your lawn would be ideal . For the money , you ca n't buy more fun than a scarecrow or two .
 I wish there were ****** six star ratings ! This product deserves at least that many stars!We received the Contech CRO101 Scarecrow Motion Activated Sprinkler yesterday and installed it this afternoon . I just heard it activate -LRB- 10 pm -RRB- twice and in the dark I saw two pair of amber colored raccoon eyes in the near forest . YES , IT WORKS !!!! What a blessing!NOTE
 We had tried everything imaginable to keep deer from eating our flowers and plants
 We live on a lake with ducks . They like to hang out under the shade of my boat house on the dock . You can imagine the mess from a flock of ducks . We bought this to keep the dock clean when we go boating . I hooked this up and about five minutes later the first ducks landed . This thing turned on they all flew away . It worked perfectly . After a couple of days they were conditioned to stay away from the dock . Now I turn it on maybe once a week for a couple of minutes when ever a new duck shows up . I ca n't imagine anything working better .
 We have a horrible feral cat problem in our neighborhood , and our sandy playground area in our background is a haven for cats who choose to relieve themselves.The Scarecrow has been our perfect response . With hose hooked into this device and a 9V battery , cats are extremely wary about approaching our background , much less actually be brave enough to venture into it.The fact that it does n't require an outlet and that a 9V battery is sufficient to run it is spectacular . The senstitivity of the motion sensor -LRB- which works better at tracking movements from left-to-right rather than to/from -RRB- can be adjusted to whatever size target you want it to spot . Higher sensitivities will track cats and smaller critters , lower sensitivities will only trigger if humans walk through the field of view . The water projects a pretty good distance , approximately 30 feet although we 're not sure if higher ranges could be accommodated or not.Highly recommend !
 Here 's a tip
 I read some other reviews , about keeping rabbits and raccoons out . -LRB- Actually , I see rabbits out there at night and think it is SKUNKS that dig up the lawn for grubs , -RRB- ANYWAY , unfortunately , we had a nasty 2 legged pest , that would cut or ruin my plants when we are away.Now I have this wonderful Scarecrow , and we now have inferred cameras and also film while away , course would be fun to catch the scarecrow in action.Down side , yes , it HAS caught US a few times , and the gas man.But it works well , great invention!Gardening and growing in Warren MA .
 My morning routine used to consist of digging cat `` stuff '' out of my garden beds , and trying to rescue as many of the newly sprouted seedlings as possible . Cats were getting in the garden nearly every day . I have to admit , I hesitated spending $ 60 on a sprinkler , but I could no longer put up with my garden being destroyed nearly every night.The unit is very easy to set up and test . It was up and running in no time . We went on a 4 day vacation right after buying this product , and when we returned there had been NO ANIMALS in the garden ! We were pleasantly surprised . We have now had this in place for 2 full weeks , with no issues at all . The unit has good range and sensitivity . You do have to remember it 's on , as it wo n't discriminate between it 's `` owner '' and an intruder . When you get soaked , you may say a lot of things , but you ca n't say it does n't do it 's job . I would definitely recommend this and would buy it again.My mornings are much more enjoyable now .
 What a great product ! It works great ! I have n't found anything that works better or is more humane to protect my garden and lawn.The neighborhood cats were using my lawn and garden as their personal litter box . This infuriated me . I did n't know what to do to get rid of them . I tried using a foul smelling spray to keep the cats way , but the deposit from the local cat that I found in my garden the day after I sprayed told me I needed to try something else . I surfed the Net and discovered the Scarecrow.Does it work ? Let me put it this way
 Up until the installation of the Scarecrow the deer had free range to `` Munch '' on any plant we had . We live in Eureka Springs , AR were the deer population are tremendous . I purchased two of the these subject sprinklers after reading the opinions shared at Amazon.com . Set them up as described and they have been in place for the last 8-10 weeks and THEY WORK . We have not had one deer touch our plants since . We are seeing plants that we never have seen before because they never had a chance to grow . We hooked the sprinklers up to a timer that comes on at 7:30 pm and goes off at 8:00 am . We tried all the DEER OFF sprays , human hair tied to plants , moth balls , you name it nothing worked until the Scarecrow was installed . Try it I 'm sure it will work for you ... I 'm impressed for sure . Satisfied customer ... Dave Smith , AR
 Worked Great against Canadian Geese . There was a time when you could not take a step in my yard without stepping in poop . Not anymore . 3 Weeks not a single goose , except the one day I turned them off and forgot to turn them back on .
 Like so many before me on here - our problem was with a neighbor 's cat using what used to be our vegetable patch like a litterbox . The first night I put the Scarecrow in place we heard it go off once , much to our delight - and while we hear it go off a few times every night -LRB- we must have more than one cat , and a stubborn one at that -RRB- - our yard is poop-free ! Very easy to assemble and it seems built well . You need a 9V battery to get it going though -LRB- it is not included , as with most things -RRB- , so have one on hand if you are as eager as I was to hook it up as soon as I got it in the mail -LRB- promptly too ! -RRB- .
 This product worked so well that after using it for 2 weeks , the rabbit did not come back and I put it away -LRB- for 8 months now -RRB- . You will get wet when you set it up as you 'll have to test it .
 This product has kept a Blue Heron and other animals from eating my pond fish . Works great .
 The raccoons love my backyard
 We bought the Scarecrow because we live 1000 ' into the Maine woods with deer as a constant companion . My wife was a bit skeptical but the first time she walked into the garden after we turned it on she became a believer . The way it sprays a pulse then waits and sprays again and waits makes it appear to be teasing you.Whether any animals will learn to ignore it remains to be seen but so far it has worked 100 % . Only time will tell for sure .
 This device has been very helpful at keeping cats out of my kids ' sandbox . The sandbox was much too large -LRB- 20x18 -RRB- to have a cover and this has effectively cut out the kitty problem . It has even sprayed my wife and I . The kids sometimes like to run by it just to get sprayed . I have not had a single cat since it was installed . -LRB- only about 1 week so far -RRB- but I 'm not at all worried about the future . I am very pleased with this product . I actually connected it to a water line via PVC pipe so that it is always on and i do n't have to remember to turn the hose on at night . I also was a little concerned about hose breakage so that solved that problem . Once again ... this thing rocks ! I may even buy another one just to use for the neighborhood kids -LRB- yes , that is a joke -RRB- Thank you .
 Cats have been using our flower garden as a litter box for several years . I would guess a dozen a day would come . Their piles drew flies to our garden and deck . The cats stopped covering their piles there were so many . We tried everything we saw on the web with terrible results . Then I saw this Scarecrow . It came the day after we ordered it and the day we were leaving for a week . We could not imagine what our garden would look like if we were not there to clean up the piles every day . We arrived home at 10:00 p.m. and I went out to make sure it was working . It was and I was soaked . This morning , after a week , our yard was totally clean of cat poop for the first time since we moved here . This morning a cat was sitting on our fence giving us dirty looks . Thank you Scarecrow . Wonderful product .
 I have had the Scarecrow in service about a week now and have not had any unwanted animals in my garden , yet . -LRB- Knock on wood . I hope I am not jinxing myself . -RRB- My little Jack Russel Terrier has already learned not to walk in front of the Scarecrow or she will get squirted with water . I have even tried to trick her in the path and she stears clear . My garden is 20 feet by 40 feet and the Scarecrow covers the whole area . It has a nice wide angle detection as well as good distance . I live in a rural area and have had problems with deer , rabbits , ground hogs and geese . So far I would reccomend this unit 100 % .
 Depending on your need this can be a great product . I actually bought it long time ago to deter cats in my backyard . So that they do not try to steal my kois . But since it required a permanent garden hose connected to it all the time I did not use it . For last few weeks a heron has been stalking my fishes . He has not been successful yet but in desperation I brought out the scarecrow . I connected a pond pump to it instead of garden pipe and it seems to be working ok despite the low water pressure . I wish it would work as well with low water pressure as it does with high . Other than that , this thing works perfectly . Day or night . One other thing I wish it had was some kind of indicator that would show that it was activated . Maybe in next model ...
 This sprinkler works like a charm . Our plant beds are now cat poop free . Would 've been funnier if we had set up video cameras to watch it happen ! I will say it has startled a UPS man or two . Fortunately , we have it set so that it does n't spray the sidewalk . Also , it 's not as obvious looking as the photo . It is all green .
 This item works as advertised ... I installed a simple sprinkler timer on the spigot to alleviate any accidental baths .
 This is the best thing I have ever seen for safely and humainly keeping deer out of flowers , gardens and shrubs . We have a terrible problem where we live . Residential but in the country next to a golf course . -LRB- The neighbors counted 50 at one time walking by the house in the middle of the night . -RRB- They eat everything and anything . We have to have a mound system over our septic and they ate $ 400 worth of shrubs the first winter!We set this up by our garden which we also had fenced in but they managed to reach over and eat the tops of the tomatos . The garden is along the edge of the driveway , and a garden bench sits beside it on the parking pad on the end of the driveway . We have come home and rounded the garage to find as many as 8 in the rose bushes along the house ! We set it up and did n't realize we had partially obstructed the sensor with the garden bench . When we got home from work the next day my husband called me out to ask me to look around and see if I noticed anything different . I finally noticed what looked like double chalk lines etched all over the driveway beside the garden . I couldnt imagine what had caused it ... until I noticed patches of white hair on the rough concrete ! Obviously a large group had walked up onto the driveway together and until one had cleared the garden bench did n't get picked up by the sensor . When they finally set it off they had literally knocked each other down trying to get out of there . We would have given alot to see a video of that . Anyway it solved the problem ! The only downside is you need an outside spigot nearby so that you wo n't be driving over the hose all the time , or having to move a long distnce to mow . It is n't any good early in the spring or late fall when the water in the hose can freeze up . Other than that , it 's great !!!
 Our garden is growing again ! After several months of having deer chowing down on our beautiful plants and flowers , we have found a humane and unobtrusive way to curb their appetite . The proof has been watching 3 specific plants that were getting picked off at the ground every time they showed any growth . Since installing 2 Scarecrow Sprinklers those plants are now 9-12 inches tall . Sure , we have kind of ticked off the UPS guy when he gets hit coming to the front porch ... but , hey , it 's been in the 90 's and everybody needs a bit of relief once in a while . He just did n't know it was coming.We had tried everything ... cut up bars of stinky bath soap , human hair from the beauty shop , other plants that were supposed to keep deer away ... and nothing worked until the Scarecrow Motion-Activated Sprinkler !
 This item has definitely kept the deer from my vegetable garden for the past several years . This is my fourth one . They do n't seem to last longer than a couple of years . But , well worth getting if you do n't have a fence and the garden is some ditance from the house .
 This is the 4th scarecrow that I have purchased . After my success with my first one I bought one each for my neighbor and father . After about 5 years mine was beyond repair so I got this one . It works well keeping the deer out of my large garden . You do have to relocate it -LRB- my garden is 40ft / 60ft -RRB- to keep them guessing .
 The product performs as the description said . I purchased two and we have n't had any deer in the garden since we 've started using them -LRB- over a month -RRB- . We 'll see what happens when the melons get ripe . One of the sprinklers seems to be more sensitive than the other .
 I have had deer problems for decades . This year we planted fruit trees and really do n't want them destroyed before we get even one piece of fruit . Based upon a friend 's recommendation , we tried the scarecrow . It seems to be working well . Reports from a long time user suggest that the deer do n't get used to it because of the apparent randomness of its turning on.I started with three because we spread the fruit trees around . I will end up with twice that number once the berry bushes are planted . The one warning is to expect to get sprayed suddenly if you forget to turn them off when you are in the area . Yes , its sound and water spray give you a sudden alarm , even if you are n't a deer.Good product in an arena where most things do n't really work for any length of time .
 We have purchased two Scarecrow motion sprinklers to deter deer and raccoons from eating everything in our garden.It does take some time to adjust the settings so that large vehicles do n't set off the sprinklers . Deer are especially afraid of the sudden sound of the activated sprinklers . I purchased new garden hoses and couplers to be sure that , since they are on 24/7 , they 'll not fail and flood the yard , garden or house . We leave them on at all times as the deer tend to brows morning , noon and night here in the middle of Boulder , Colorado.The Scarecrow has totally eliminated the browsing of the deer and , if set properly , the raccoons , too !
 This thing really works ... Thank you Amazon , for introducing the Scarecrow . Have told all my friends `` what and where '' . Surprisingly few have heard ofit . Have had it in place for several weeks . The deer pay attention and , so far , stay out of range of the spray . It 's also entertaining when the wife forgets . We love it .
 I got this to keep animals out of my flower bed . It works as advertised , and you can adjust the sensitivity of the motion sensor . However , I wish there was more control over the direction and height of the spray . In order to cover the entire flower bed , I had to set it in a location where my neighbor can set it off by walking in his driveway . While the spray does n't hit him , it sometimes comes in my office window . That aside , this is a much better solution for keeping animals out of your garden than chemical animal repellents -LRB- which half the time did n't work anyway -RRB- .
 The Contech motion activated sprinkler is the greatest . The deer have not touched my squarefoot garden since we started using it . You can see tracks near the garden and see how the tracks widen as the deer is startled and runs away . The shipping was very fast , thank goodness .
 Scarecrow is busy keeping the animals off my lawn . It hisses , screams , and thoroughly wets any warm object coming into its view . Great little device.Recommend it for anyone having animals leave their little deposits on thelawn.Project was fairly priced , and came promptly , and well packed .
 My wife and I have a large perennial bed in our wooded lot , and we love collecting and growing hostas . Unfortunately , the neighborhood deer passed the word to each other that the salad bar was open , and goodbye hostas whenever we left town for more than a few days . I 've tried everything except fencing , but given a choice between a fence and no hostas , well ... I 'm sorry , hostas . Two years ago I read about the Scarecrow , so I ordered three , bought a bunch of new hoses , and set them in place in a triangle that covered every approach . Voila ! We now have hostas . As soon as the last freeze on year # 2 , I was quick to re-place the Scarecrows , and we now have a beautiful bed of hostas , growing like they should - instead of stalks nibbled to the ground . I 'm a tough reviewer , but this product works . Sure you have to remember to turn the water off if you go in there weeding , but if you forget , getting wet is not the worst thing in the world . When activated -LRB- infrared , not just motion -RRB- , the spray only lasts a few seconds , so it 's really not a big deal . If you are fighting deer , forget powders and sprays because believe me , I 've tried them all with zero success except emptying my wallet . Unless you are prepared to provide human urine every other day -LRB- I 'm not , but it 's the best repellant -RRB- , Scarecrow will keep your salad bar open to you - but not your furry friends .
 I have owned three of these devices . for a smaller garden , this absolutely is the best solution I have ever found to rid my garden of deer . After a couple of days of getting squirted , they do n't even try it again .
 This scarecrow has saved our garden . Before it was impossible to keep the deer from snacking on the plants , now we lose a pepper or a tomato here and there . This is nothing in comparison to the wholesale destruction from before . Most damage comes from the rapid departure of the deer . They kick tomatoes and peppers off the plants when they are running away ! The flaw in this otherwise perfect product is the water hose connection . It drips , not a lot , but enough to be noticable . This product works so well that is does not always need to be turned on . The mere sight of it will deter most critters . The battery lasted one year . The scarecrow gets really sensitive when the battery gets low .
 We 've had 2 guarding our garden for several weeks now . So far , we have not had any deer eating anything , but there have been tracks so it does n't seem to completely keep them away , but they do n't stay and graze and I guess , that was the point ! Need to keep turning them off to go in the garden and then remember to turn back on before leaving . Many false triggers , but our garden is close to woods and bushes that move in the breeze.I am satisfied with them !
 This thing really works great . we have 4 outside cats and from day one after a couple water squirts they wouldnt go near it . It does cover guite a distance but can be adjusted . I purchased several animal deterent products at the beginning of the gardening season they only worked a couple days . So glad I spent the money on this Scarecrow.Its works great and everyone get a kick out of it . No more wasting money on animal powder products.Thanks Amazon great price too .
 after a large heron visited my pond and had dinner courtesy of 2 of my koi , i decided to try the scarecrow . i never lost another fish until a year later when winter arrived and the water source froze . so it works perfectly the majority of the time . my only complaint is changing the battery . it would be much simpler if the battery could be installed on the top instead of underneath , but i guess thats not possible . works great !!
 So far this has worked great to keep the deer away from my fruit trees , not a leaf is missing .
 We were under daily assault by these animals . We could n't enter our home without checking the bottoms of our shoes . We could n't walk on our lawn . Our flower and herb gardens , unusable . Many of our neighbors have cats . Where we live there are no rules governing the ownership of cats . You can have as many as you like and you can let them roam the streets whenever you like . There are no standards for responsible pet ownership . We 've tried all types of remedies to no avail . Enter , the Scarecrow . This device proved to be a most effective way to keep the cats off our garden . While we ca n't cover our entire property at once . The animals learn to avoid the area where the crow has patrolled . Then we move the Scarecrow to a new position . Just do n't forget where you put it , you may just get a taste of how effective the crow can be .
 Squirrels were digging up our seeds from our raised bed garden . And the cat and dog were getting into and digging . Since I 've installed the scarecrow , I 've had nothing . The first time the dog encountered it -LRB- small chiuaua -RRB- it shocked him and he never went back to that side of the yard . I 'm thinking about getting another one for the front yard to repel the deer . I recommend to everyone I talk to with garden critter troubles .
 This device works - provided it is set to cover any access area in which an egret , heron , stock , etc. might land to feast on your Koi . Personally , I 'd like to use a gun - Instead , I 'm using this scarecrow with lots of thin nylon fishing line strung over the pond at a height of 10-12 foot . We also have excellent varmint killers -LRB- Cairn and Westie Terriers -RRB- - fortunate for the bird -LRB- s -RRB- , they are kenneled while we are at work .
 Have used this product for years and never had an issue . Saved alot of plants and shrubs from deer and rabbits -LRB- except when the battery runs out -RRB- . Easy to assemble , use and adjust . Waters the lawn or plants while it scares away invaders .
 The Scarecrow sprinkler is amazing ! We have dogs that like to dig in the lawn and were uncertain how to discourage that without putting a fence around the lawn . What a simple solution ! The Scarecrow arrived and my husband set it up in minutes . The dogs will not go anywhere near the area that the Scarecrow sprays . When we want to use the lawn , we just turn the water off to the Scarecrow .
 If you 're having problems with cats ruining your plants , by urinating on them , then this sprinkler is for you.Contech Electronics CRO101 Scarecrow Motion-Activated SprinklerThe Scarecrow Sprinkler was super easy to set up , and connect to the hose in the garden.It took about an hour 's worth of fiddling with the sensitivity knob , to set it whereI wanted it , so that it would n't spray every time the wind blew.This sprinkler WORKS WONDERFULLY ! I watched as a cat crept into my garden , and laughed , when the sprinkler made it run away . Another good thing about this , is , it waters yourplants!The cats have discovered the boundaries of the sprinkler , and are now killing a hydrangeabush with their dastardly pee.So , yes , it keeps cats out of your garden , but , the cats will figure it out , and find somethingelse to pee on. : -LRB- During the day , I keep the sensor set low , so it does n't go off all day.At night , though , when the cats and creatures prowl around , I turn it up to maximumsensitivity , so the sprinkler does n't miss squirting ANY cats , ` coons , or possums!The stake that it comes with , was sturdy , and has stuck well into the ground.There is a bit of leaking , which I 'm sure can be fixed with some sealant .
 We just had a new lawn installed and raccoons were rolling it up to look for insects to eat . They did n't bother to roll it back down after dining . Big mess each morning.We did a lot of research on solving the problem . We tried beneficial nematodes , talk radio , lights on all night and wire rolled out every night.We were somewhat skeptical of the claims made about this type of product . The reviews did seem to be positive . Based on the web videos , we purchased one of the Scarecrows , set it up and got immediate results.The Scarecrow stopped the problem.Ever resourceful , the raccoons moved to the new lawn in the front . We bought a second one and got the same good results.Thanks to the Scarecrow , the lawns are established and we have been able to stop using the one in the front yard .9 V battery is not included . Recommend heavy duty Duracell type battery . Battery lasted in one about 30 days and 20 days in the other . Think this was due to the high level of activity . Product plus battery is cheap compared to calling the landscaper to come out and make repairs.Very good product , easy to set up . Seems well made . If you are familar with 360 degree area sprinklers installation is a snap . Adjustment is quite easy.In the front yard , we put a hose timer -LRB- also purchased at Amazon -RRB- to turn water off to the Scarecrow between 0600 and 2100 hours.Product is boxed well for shipment . Price was good on Amazon and shipment was fast . Recommend this product .
 I used this for 2 weeks then took it out after -LRB- due to hose quality reasons -RRB- . It 's been a month now without this and there has not been a single poop on my lawn in that entire month . Looks like the neighbor 's pets got trained in no time . Long story short , this thing works amazingly well .
 Bought this 5 years ago , not to keep out deer , but to keep the * & % ^ ! chickens from digging up every freshly-planted bed in the garden . It worked perfectly - I always positioned it until the beds started to grow , then the chickens usually leave them alone -LRB- they like to dig in fresh dirt -RRB- . After a couple of seasons , for some reason I did n't have the chicken problem quite so much , so the device ended up in an old storage shed . Meanwhile ... . three years go by and the deer , for some reason -LRB- I think drought -RRB- decide my garden is open for business . I remember the sprinkler and drag it out of the shed , hook it up -LRB- with new battery - having successfully remembered to take out the old one when I stashed it away , or it would likely have been toast -RRB- , and presto -- keeps the deer away . My only caveat is that it has to be positioned just right , or it misses them . You have to know what direction they approach , or maybe hook up two or more to get each direction . Also , I must say that the hose connection is leak-free . Often , when you hook up a hose to some sort of device that is supposed to control the flow , so the faucet is on , but the device stops it , then it often leaks . This is leak-free , so leaving it on all night is no problem .
 I have an in-ground swimming pool that is `` closed '' and covered each fall through the winter . The cover is costly at about $ 2,400 . Unfortunately , our three beagles like to run and play on it . Their claws damage it badly and I had to find a way to keep them off the cover . I found the Scarecrow Sprinkler on the Internet and decided to try it as a dog deterrent . I located the Scarecrow next to the pool , fiddled with the adjustments until it was aimed correctly and waited to see what would happen when the dogs decided to play on the cover . Predictably , they soon ran on the cover and were instantly greeted with a high pressure spray of water which they thoroughly hate . It only took a few such encounters for them to learn that they would get a spray bath if they got on the pool cover . The Scarecrow 's range is excellent and it 's sensitivity is adjustable . It works absolutely great for my purposes .
 Even though I forget and occasionally get sprayed myself , I love this product because it does exactly what it 's supposed to do . A couple of days after I installed it , I came home to find a couple of deer standing just beyond its reach looking puzzled . They 'd come to sample the buffet of new plants I 'd put out , but for the first time they could n't get to them . A big bonus
 I have bought 3 of these ... I use them to keep racoons and skunks from tearing up my yard . So , I guess they are good . The one negative is the adjustable spray dispersion device that spreads out the stream of water and controls how far it goes . It does not provide for a low enough tradjectory and is pretty flimsy in that there is not enough pressure on the rotating variable adjustment control to hold it in place . So , I have had to tape it together to make it stay in place . And when I need the spray lower than it allows I have had to insert a wedge and tape it to provide additional adjustment . Other than that it works well and solves the problem . Installation hint ... Put it on a 24 hour battery operated timer . Then you wo n't get sprayed in the daytime .
 This product is worth every single penny ! Hands down , flat out , 100 % !!! We had a terrible time with neighbor cats and wild raccoons doing their business in the yard of our new house . The cats would consistently dig up my flower beds , and the raccoons had created a latrine -LRB- their community spot to poop -RRB- in our side yard . The raccoon poo was a serious health concern for my family as it can contain dangerous parasites -LRB- not to mention it 's sick to have to clean up , we 're talking two to three piles of fresh poo per night -RRB- . The Scarecrow put an end to their havoc IMMEDIATELY . Seriously , I have nothing more to say in this regard other than `` PROBLEM SOLVED !!! `` The setup was really easy - 30 minutes max from box to installed and protecting . None of the connections leaked for me like they have for other reviewers -LRB- I have pretty strong hands though so my connections are tightened well -RRB- . I really like that you can adjust both the sensitivity , spray height and direction . This allows for a perfect fit wherever you put it ! I know competing products let you adjust the sensor up and down , but I do n't think that 's necessary as the adjustments on the scarecrow lets you pinpoint target the pest you 're after.The only downside is that this product uses water , so you have to protect it from freezing in the fall/winter/spring -LRB- depending on where you live -RRB- . I 'm going to order another one for my garden . Although it might seem a little pricey , the discount Amazon offers is really generous , and the results are more than worth it . Do n't waste your money on ineffective sprays , sprinkle pellets , etc. . Take back your yard with the Scarecrow !
 After spending so much time and effort into our first square foot garden I was devastated when a few days later I went out and found areas where our neighbor 's cat had decided to make a litter box out of our garden . My solution to the problem was a shotgun , but my pro-animal husband refused and wanted to try a more humane effort . So , I went to the local garden supply store and bought their recommendation - some granules that I had to sprinkle generously all around the border of the garden every 24 hours or whenever it rained . Well , that did not work , every morning the cat had left me a present overnight.After doing lots of research and before leaving for a week long trip -LRB- I was worried I 'd come home to no garden at all -RRB- I finally decided to buy the Scarecrow . Now , I am a frugal person and it killed me to pay this much money for something to protect my garden -LRB- not to mention the overnight shipping charges , since I wanted it here before we left town -RRB- . The minute it came we opened it and my children and I went out and installed it . I have to say we had so much fun `` testing '' it and trying not to get sprayed ! That night my husband and I heard it go off one time -LRB- it 's right by our window -RRB- . We left town the next morning . I was so nervous about what we 'd come home to , but when we got home my garden was nearly perfect ! I could see one spot where it looked like that cat had started trying to do his business , but it was n't very `` finished '' looking . I dug up all around to make certain , but it was all clean ! It 's been nearly 3 weeks now and my garden is still in perfect condition , no more kitty crap !! So , overall , this sprinkler is worth every cent . The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is that I wish the stake was made of something more solid than plastic . If you are debating over this , trust me , it will work and you will LOVE it !!!
 I live in an area that is dominated by cat lovers , but I am a bird lover . My feeding area for birds became a smorgasbord for cats . Every few days I would find a pile of Dove feathers . I was seriously thinking of taking down my feeders . Then a friend told me of a water sprayer to keep unwanted pests out of your yard , I looked on Amazon and sure enough there was the Scarecrow . I ordered one and in five days had my new defense against cats . I had a great time watching cats scatter as the Scare Crow sprayed them with water . In only two days things changed from direr straights to victory . The enemy now cowers in cover far from my bird feeders . Instead of saying `` hey you cats get out of here , '' I say `` hey cats , do you want a bar of soap and towel with that shower ? ''
 I was interested in seeing if this product would do the trick with the neighborhood cats that have used my garden as `` their '' personal cat box . The product arrived quickly , but I was disappointed to see that the engineering needed a bit of re-tooling . First , the spike that comes with the product is made of plastic -LRB- FAIL -RRB- . Having used hosed/sprinklers with spikes in the past , I knew that it would be tough to get it into the ground without damaging or breaking it sooner or later.I ended up attaching the unit to a spare `` zinc '' metal spike that I had laying around in the garage . The good thing about the spike I used is that it had a `` step '' one can use when placing it in the ground.I also had to use a 3/4 '' to 1/2 '' galvanized steel reducer along with Teflon tape -LRB- 1/2 '' end to fit in the spike , and the 3/4 '' end to fit into the unit -RRB- to finalize the modification to connect to the sensor.Secondly , the product arrived with `` stickers '' to place on the unit which did n't appear to be UV8 -LRB- 2nd FAIL -RRB- I did n't bother with the placing the stickers on the unit . This should have been painted on the unit in my opinion . -LRB- that 's if the mfg wanted to `` brand '' their device better -RRB- Anyway , I must say the `` modified '' scarecrow works great and I `` scared '' my first cat within hours of placing the unit in ... So yeah it does work , but if you 're looking to up the quality of the unit , you 'll have to hit your local hardware store and `` hot rod '' it out.For the price we are all paying for this unit , you would expect the mfg to provide `` zinc '' metal spikes , stronger plastic risers and a paint job instead of stickers , but hey , it 's cheaply mass produced in China somewhere , and it appears that all the mfg cares about is the number of units they sell versus the quality and workmanship of the product . What ever happened to Quality over Quantity?My two cents ...
 I bought this to deter local cats from treating my two new 12 ` x4 ' planter beds as boxes . I must say this thing is more fun to watch at work than television . There 's that pregnant moment when a critter walks into the field of view of that thing before goes off and WHAM ! You 're laughing your ass off . And the plants continue to grow happily unaware of said hilarity.Then I broke the stupid plastic sprinkler it came with while trying to prevent the profuse leaking that was occurring between the cheap plastic parts with a couple subtle twists of a crescent wrench . I quickly substituted with a high-caliber metal one . It fits the standard 1/2 '' fitting.It 's also fairly fun to throw a BBQ in your back yard and just keep the thing on , do n't say a thing.I 've since trained another of the things on would-be walkers by my sidewalk . How dare they use public land available in front of my perfectly manicured front lawn?My only suggestion would be to upgrade the sprinkler to a metal one , and DO NOT use a wrench to tighten anything . Stick with the by-hand part . The only useful part of this device is the motion detector/valve mechanism . Everything else you can get from your standard hardware store.Also , btw , love the pictures posted here . I 've ALWAYS wondered how to keep those damn popes off my lawn .
 Great product !!! I had a problem with the neighbors kids tormenting my dogs through our chain link fence and then threatening to take us to court if our dogs bit them . I got this sprinkler and now those kids get drenched anytime they come near the fence . Needless to say they do n't torment my dogs anymore . Problem solved .
 The scarecrow has opened a whole new world of landscaping opportunites for me !!! For 2 years I have shared my home with about 20 deer . I love the animals and feed them twice a day in an area across my pond BUT they loved to have dessert in my landscaping . I have spent $ $ $ $ trying all types of sprays with deterrent odors without success . An electric fence worked OK but looked so bad . The scarecrows -LRB- currently I am using 4 of them -RRB- have been working perfectly for the past month that I have had them out . The deer have learned NOT to approach these areas at all , as have my cats , the squirrels , and the rabbits ... not sure about the armadillos yet . I have been able to plant flowers of my choice in planters on my stone patio , I have ROSES !!! I have a small garden . ALL of these areas are protected by my scarecrows and are flourishing . My deer still graze in my yard and certainly visit my feeder but we are cohabitating in a wonderful way . They have become part of my scenery that I now can enjoy . Several are now pregnant and two , I believe , are carrying twins . SO ... the scarecrow has given me my landscaping back while preserving my privlege to view my wildlife . A SUPER DUPER WONDERFUL product !!!!
 We really like the Scarecrow !!! Our front lawn is no longer the toilet for 6 to 12 dog walkers per day!Most of the dog walkers are now walking on the other side of the street!Prior to the Scarecrow we had tried dog repellent dispensers every 6 feet , doggy signs and confronting polluters . We even provided doggy disposal bags which the dog walkers refused to use . On more than one occasion we were threatened by the dog walkers or by their pit bulls as they insisted upon their right to soil our lawn . Over a period of 2 months , the dog walkers kicked and crushed the 6 dog repellent dispensers that were located 2 feet away from the side walk on our lawn . The crushing of the dog repellent dispensers led to the crushing of our 8 solar powered lights as much as 15 feet from the sidewalk . Subsequently , I securely mounted the Scarecrow to a fence post to discourage kicking and crushing at a sprinkler height of about 4 feet . One pit bull was determined to kill the Scarecrow , but he could not jump to the height of the sprinkler and after several attempts and getting soaked he retreated . The Scarecrow has been in operation about 2 months and has not been kicked or crushed so far by humans . Dog walkers and teenagers have thrown rocks at the Scarecrow but there has not been any damage as yet . Since installing the Scarecrow , I reseeded our front lawn and it is now returning to look like a lawn instead of a dog run at a dog pound . Since the Scarecrow , the squirrels have also abandoned the front of our house . However , large black crows are not intimidated by the Scarecrow and do n't seem to mind the shower as they peck about .
 I bought this about a month ago because the family of four raccoons that make nightly stops at our pond and waterfall were destroying all the plants , muddying up the water , and probably traumatizing the goldfish . Not too long after I installed it , I happened to be awake at 2am and heard the sprinkler go off , so I peeked out the bedroom window blinds and got to see the largest raccoon give it another go , with the other three a little bit back looking on like some comical cartoon characters . As soon as the one raccoon got near the waterfall , the sprinkler went again and they all scattered . Some of the juvenile raccoons just ca n't believe that scary thing is still there so they return a few times a week but our pond remains undisturbed.What would make this great product even better is a built-in timer . I prefer to have the motion/infrared detector off during the day so the birds and other critters can use the pond , and it 's a bit of a chore to go out there every morning and evening . Today though I solved that problem . I had a spare 9volt AC adapter lying around , and so I hooked it up to a weatherproof timer -LRB- the one I use for holiday lights -RRB- , ran some low-voltage wire out to the Scarecrow and attached it to the battery terminals . Now the Scarecrow is on only from midnight to 8am -- perfect!It does take a little messing around to dial in the area you want to cover , and I would definitely recommend Teflon tape for all the plastic hose fittings -- the fern right next to the Scarecrow is looking suspiciously lush and green . All in all this is worth the price considering it 's not just a motion detector but uses both motion and infrared .
 This thing works great . The sudden burst of water is really startling and keeps the deer out of our rose garden . We also tried it one night to keep raccoons from harrassing our duck pen and it worked for that , too . It 's been completely reliable so far . The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 is that I wish I could get a little more control over the water trajectory to make it easier to aim for close-range applications , and I would prefer that the sprinkler mechanism on top be made out of sturdy metal instead of plastic . But it 's been holding up fine so far . I 've found that you do n't need to give it much water ; you can get away with barely turning the water faucet on at all , because the pressure buildup in the hose seems adequate to sustain the burst for the short time that it squirts -LRB- a few seconds -RRB- . The reason I prefer to not turn on the faucet more than necessary is because a broken hose could cause damage to your yard if left unattended at full blast , so I like the fact that I can get away with partially turning it on .
 There 's no dispute that this products works . I have three of them for a year now protecting my flower and vegetable garden . No deer or ground hogs have come near my garden in that time . I 've taken the Scarecrow in for the winter , but as soon as planting season arrives they 'll be back in action.The other thing to mention about the Scarecrow is that young children love them . I have two boys 3 year old and 18 months that love to play around the system . They love running back and forth shouting , `` watch out for the Scarecrow . '' The blast of water from the Scarecrow is safe even at a very close distances -LRB- I 've been hit many times -RRB- . It 's just a hoot . I 'm not sure how many seasons it will last . But even if I have to replace them all next year , it was a worthwhile investment . Enjoy ...
 I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 only because if a person does n't know about how to circumvent its problems , they wont be happy.We are very pleased with the results we got from using the Scarecrow for our dog problem . It is extremely important that people who buy it read the feedback . It is cheaply made ; so if you do n't follow the advice in the feedback , you will most likely have a negative experience with it.I am happy I read every single feedback before purchasing it . I listed below the alterations we made , some of which we saw on the feedback and some being our own ideas . Therefore , my feedback is lengthy , but will help your greatly.First I 'm listing the alterations that EVERYONE must do when you buy the Scarecrow . Later I tell you optional alterations for making it work better for your particular circumstance : Go to the store and buy :1 . Extra rubber hose-end washers -LRB- enough to replace their existing plastic washers and for additional doubling up on washers -- more explanation below -RRB- .2 . Teflon tape .3 . A metal stake . You can use a piece of galvanized pipe , a short length of pre-cut rebar , or a concrete-form stake . We used the concrete-form stake that someone left behind .4 . A high-quality hose reinforced inside . Standard hoses will swell up and eventually split or pop off the hose fitting . We have had no problem with the reinforced hose . Since they seem to only come in long lengths , we just bought hose ends and made one for our Scarecrow and one for the yard.Instructions for the above items BEFORE putting the Scarecrow into the ground : Pull out the cheap plastic gaskets inside the fittings and replace each one with TWO better quality gaskets from the store . The reason for this is that they built the threaded fittings too long so that when you screw on the hose and sprinkler , they do n't quite reach the gasket . Two of them will take up the gap.Next , wrap Teflon tape around each of the protruding threaded fittings . If you 've never used Teflon tape , here is some help . Gently pull out a good length of it , maybe a foot long . Cut it with scissors rather than trying to break it off . Breaking it off makes it stick together instead of lying flat , making it harder to work . Then keeping it flat , carefully wrap it around the fitting over threads in a clockwise direction -LRB- or the same direction you will be twisting on the hose end -RRB- , wrap several layers around and around . If you only put on 2-3 layers , it will not be enough.Next , pound your metal stake into the ground . The reasons you are using this instead of just putting the plastic stake into the ground are these . First , if you have hard ground , you will mostly likely damage the plastic stake or the Scarecrow motion detector trying to force it into the ground . -LRB- You are not suppose to push down on the motion detector . -RRB- Second , if you have soft ground , then each time the water is activated , it will give a little push against your unit and eventually loosen it in the ground . Then the Scarecrow will not stay put . -LRB- There is an optional plastic pipe included in the box . We replaced the plastic stake that goes underneath the Scarecrow with the plastic pipe because of the leaking of the extra hose fitting . The extra hose fitting is so you can run another hose to somewhere else that is n't controlled by the Scarecrow . The cap provided is difficult to get to stop leaking . So we screwed the optional pipe underneath the Scarecrow and put the hose on the bottom of the pipe . The drawback is that when you clamp it onto the metal stake I recommend for pounding into the ground , you have to be careful not to overtighten it around this plastic pipe due to possible cracking . If we have to move the Scarecrow or adjust it , we plan to get galvanized fittings to replace the plastic pipe . -RRB- Now you are ready to attach the Scarecrow . First slide on two metal hose clamps over your stake . Now hold the Scarecrow so the stake is lined up against the metal stake and the unit rests on top . Tighten the hose clamps so they are snug . Now adjust the aim and tighten the hose clamps so it wo n't move.Now we are ready for the optional alterations we made . If you plan to use it to make a large sweep across your lawn , you may not need to do any of the following . Our situation was twofold : First , we needed the Scarecrow to work at a close range . Like all rain-bird-style sprinklers , they are angled to shoot upwards about 45 degrees in order to reach a distance . The problem with this is that if the animal crosses in front of it within about 10 feet , it wo n't hit it . I saw this complaint in some of the other feedback . To solve this , my husband bought a 45 degree angle galvanized pipe fitting -LRB- 1/2 '' -RRB- . He took off the sprinkler and put on the pipe -LRB- again , using Teflon tape -RRB- . He then put the sprinkler on the end of that . As he screwed the pipe on , he kind of angled it to the side a bit so it would change the angle of the sprinkler . It looks kind of strange since the end result is that the sprinkler kind sits off to the side . This worked great . The sprinkler now squirted low so it covered the area where the dog tended to go onto our lawn to do his business.The above solution to the Scarecrow not working at close distance now prevents it from spraying more than about 15 ' or so . We 've been waiting to see if the dog figures out that he just has to walk down further and then can do his pooping . So far he has n't . However , if he does , we plan to add a T pipe on top so that our low-aiming sprinkler can come out one part and we will add a short length of reinforced hose to the other part of the T and put a normal metal sprinkler into the ground . This way , we will have two sprinklers running from the top of the Scarecrow , one for close range and one arched for distance and both coming on at the same time by one Scarecrow.Our Next Problem Solved of needing to narrow the field of water shooting : Our situation is that we have a 4 ' wide strip of lawn running along the side of our house . Our neighborhood is very old , so the houses can be close to a property line . In our case , the lawn had our house on one side and the neighbor 's driveway at the edge of the lawn . Even though the neighbors deserve to get sprayed when they drive up and down the driveway -LRB- it 's their dog that poops on our lawn every single day , twice a day -RRB- , we do n't want to waste water and we do n't want to create a war since this is our only problem with them . Anyway , we replaced the plastic sprinkler with a standard metal rainbird sprinkler , because the metal sprinklers have metal wire tabs that you can move them to limit the width of the sprinkler . Since our lawn strip is so narrow , we did n't want the sprinkler to move side to side at all , so my husband moved the tabs together and tie-wrapped them so the sprinkler would be stationary . He also cut the spring on top of the metal sprinkler and tie-wrapped the flap back so the water would just shoot out solid instead of pulsating.Solution to our last problem of two-wide of a motion detection : Since our lawn strip is narrow , we did n't want the neighbors setting off the motion detector every time they drive and down their driveway . It will waste water and also wear down the battery . I cut out two squares of plastic out of a black garbage bag and my husband put one on each side of the detector window and taped them with black electrical tape leaving the center prism exposed so it has a more pin-pointed kill zone . I do n't know how long the tape will last , but it has done well for a month now even with our summer thunderstorms . Using this method , he narrowed the field of `` vision '' down to about a half-inch in the middle . It works very well.We set the sensitivity to 7-1/2 which is perfect . When I want to mow the lawn strip , I just place a thick or dark hand-towel over the lense to prevent detection . That way I do n't have to keep turning on or off anything.So that is end of our alterations . Bottom line is that the dog poops on our lawn no more and so I do n't hate the neighbors every time we have to pick up the poop every single day.UPDATE
 We purchased one of these to take care of our hell-spawn -LRB- raccoon -RRB- problem . The coons were digging up the yard , eating new plants , and searching for grubs . They left piles of dirt on the walkway and destruction in their wake . We purchased a battery of these scarcrow things and lined them up to create a critter-free zone and voila ! No more eviscerated plants , no more dirt piles , no more coons ! Its expensive , but worth it.The crow even works on dumb humans , like me ! =--RRB- I came home late at night from the movies and found quite a surprise when my sister turned this thing on forgetting I was still out . The scarecrow got me . Repeatedly . And I deserved it.Whatever you do , do n't forget to turn it off or the UPS man wo n't like you very much.Awesome . Worth every penny .
 Well , it really hurt to have to pay this much money just to keep my yard poop-free thanks to neighborhood cats and small children -LRB- just joking about the kids -RRB- . I tried the hava-hart pepper -LRB- good for 3 days until rain came -RRB- , I tried a hava-hart humane trap/cage -LRB- got 4 raccoons that would poop in my yard after eating my neighbor 's cat food ! -RRB- but those darn cats would n't fall for the trap , SO it was time for a different plan of attack - THE SCARECROW SPRINKLER . I love this think , sensativity can be adjusted , very solid and built in USA , no foreign junk ! 9 volt battery powered . Very easy to use and has an outlet to piggy-back another Scarecrow Sprinkler for the `` other 180 degrees '' if needed . This keeps my yard from smelling like a zoo and I can actually enjoy it once again . Worth the price , when you are ready for results - the buck stops here !!!
 I have tried everything to keep the deer from eating my plants . Our house is next to a huge forest and seemed to be the first course on their trip through our neighborhood . Well I have 4 strategically placed Scarecrows and they do n't touch anything . Everyone else on our street now have their plants mowed down by the deer . I even have on in my front yard that is also triggered when someone walks by . Fun to see them jump ;--RRB- It 's also fun to watch the deer approach the Scarecrow and then jump 6 feet in the air when it goes off . Of course I forget about once a month and walk into one . It looks like I wet myself and is good for a laugh at myself .
 The installation is a bit tricky - I had to use teflon tape on the threads to keep it from leaking , and it keeps moving around on us over time . Having said that , it 's the only thing that has worked for us for the voracious deer around our house .
 I 'll be honest . I was skeptical , to say the least . I was desperate though . We had a newly seeded back lawn and within weeks of the grass germinating , I woke up to dozens of holes in my yard -LRB- turned up grass from raccoons and skunks digging for grubs -RRB- on a daily basis ! After trying pellets soaked in `` Coyote -LSB- ... -RSB- '' -LRB- supposedly the racoons # 1 predator -RRB- and many other tactics , I decided to try the ` Scarecrow ' . My first one broke after 4-days . It would n't stop spraying every 3-4 seconds . However , I have had the second one hooked up for over two months now and my lawn FINALLY looks good again , because the Scarecrow has been protecting it from my neighborhood pests ! I highly recommend this product . Well worth the money . Now that I have detered the pests from my back yard , they are trying to dig in my front yard . I am contemplating buying one for up there as well . The only `` bad '' thing I can think of re
 we had a large sanbox and kept having `` cat troubles '' after installing spinkler we 've had no cat issues ... even on nights when i forget to turn the sensor on ... the cats in the neighborhood must have a bad memory of being sprayed in my yard as they do n't ever come around now . my son 's like to have in on and take unsuspecting souls to the sandbox and let them get sprayed too ... one suggestion is to make sure that you `` hard wire '' it directly to a water source , that way there is no chance of a hose bursting because of pressure left on all the time . -LRB- i learned that the hard way -RRB- it is now directly connected to the water supply via pvc pipes . i would highly suggest that if you are not going to be moving the sprinkler around !
 I purchased the Scarecrow because of a skunk problem , and I had tried a number of other deterrents , with no success . However , its necessary to move it to a new location every few days . If not . they seem to learn how to work around to the back of it.Bob H.Louisville , Kentucky
 I have used this deer alert for about 5 years now . I have it in the middle of a large flowe garden . The secret is to raise the unit high enought so the plants do not block the view of the sensor . I have it on a 5 foot tall ple and it works great . the only problem I have found is that when it sprays , the water drips down the side of the unit and gets inside where the battery is and corrodes the terminals on the battery clip . The company has sent me new terminals but I have to change the terminals every year because the unit is not water tight . This would be the perfect product is the company could make it water tight .
 We have chickens that wander around the outside of our house . We love the fresh eggs but hate the mess they leave on the walks . So I bought one of these to see if they would deter the chickens and it worked great . So I bought another three of them and placed them on either side of the side walk . The chickens or any other animal do n't dare to cross the scare crow . I love this product .
 I purchased this product to keep cats from pooping on my lawn . Since my yard is fenced in , it was disturbing to find poop on my lawn when I do n't own animals . I did n't want to use chemicals . This product worked quickly and is easy to set up . Now my other neighbors are complaining of cat poop on their lawns !! Great product .
 I love this thing , it works so good . I still have all the fish in my pond . No cats eating them anymore . Although my hubby gets a bath every time he mows the yard .
 The only way I can have a strawberry patch out here in the country is with a Scarecrow . The deer seem to love the delectable leaves . It lasts all summer with just one 9-volt battery and they do n't come near the patch as soon as it 's set up . Found out today the one I 've used for the last 3 years was n't working , so ordered another one . I need one for the vegetable garden and one for the strawberries!It does make for some interesting entertainment for the neighbors if I forget to turn it off before going into the garden to do some weeding !
 I 'm happy I do not have to install that fence around my vegetables garden anymore . I have it for a month now and it works well .
 Deer moved into the neighborhood and started stripping my fruit trees at night . I got three of the Scarecrows to cover the most likely access routes . Assembly and adjustment were a breeze . Works as advertised , and so far , so good . UPDATE
 Works great , very easy to set up , and 9V battery lasts a long time . Keeps birds and animals away -- my fish are now safe . It even gets me when I forget to turn it off . : -RRB-
 Excellent product - works as advertised by keeping critters out of your garden . Easy assembly , sturdy components and Amazon has the best price.You will need to use teflon tape at the connections or it will leak , but any handyman has a roll of that around . I have three of these on duty and the flowers are doing well .
 We 've had the Scarecrow in the yard for about a week now , and no sign of the neighborhood cat - coincidence or 5 stars for the scarecrow ... I know it works as evidenced by the occasional residual water on the deck - otherwise it makes no noise.It is smaller than I expected , but it is very sensitive motion and sprays quite a distance . It 's fun to watch the forgetful husband wander into the yard ...
 Scarecrow works as advertised , all most too good ! Scares animals away as well as humans not smart enough to avoid the sensors . I know . Wet and not too smart !
 This is the first deer repellant we 've found that works ! We 've tried the scents , the soaps , and the sprays but nothing else has worked . For the first time since they were planted 3 years ago our snowball bushes actually have snowballs on them because the deer do n't come around anymore . Even the squirrels have given up . The Scarecrow works !
 I got the scarecrow for a massive neighborhood cat problem . -LRB- roughly 20 running around wild and the city will do nothing , but that is another story -RRB- It works awesome ! After a few days no cats coming through the area targeted and doing their thing . The crow can then be moved to a new area and the cats do not return to the old area.I will put the negatives in here as well but , I love my crow so much they do not change my 5 star.If it is set on much sensitivity at all , it will detect vehicles from an extreme distance , causing alot of false positives . This can easily be fixed by not aiming it towards roads.The other is the fact that it will not differentiate between you and the disease and parasite infected cats . So if you use it in a human traffic area , expect to forget and get wet on occasion.Almost forgot ... You can take this as a negative or positive , your call . The neighbors dog found it , and fell in love . She could not get enough of `` making the water happen '' . I do n't think I have ever seen that dog so happy.Love it , would have paid full retail for it , was very happen to get it from here for $ 59.99 .
 Love this product - we have a dog that has been digging large holes in a sizable section of our lawn for two years - no matter what I did I could n't deter him . Figured I had nothing to lose so I gave the Scarecrow a shot and , after just the first day of using this product our dog wo n't even go into that section of the yard . We now have a nice lawn without any holes . Highly recommended .
 great job it chased away my neighbors cat from poopping in my front yard . . dsskdksd sdjsdjksd dsjkdskj sdjdkds sdjdk saioei s
 Purchased this on the advice of a neighbour who 's sister had success with it . I have to agree that it works really well . No more raccoons messing up the pond and eating the plants .
 excellent - a very nice tool to get rid of deer , and other unwanted pests from your garden , could also include snoops around your house as well .
 The Scarecrow sprinkler has been fantastic ! It has saved our Okra and Canteloupes from being destroyed by the local deer . Now , we can keep our frontyard gardens alive .
 We are so pleased with the Scarecrow ! We are located in a large rural development in the Pacific Northwest surrounded by tall evergreens and natural vegetation . All well and good except the deer make sure anything we attempt to plant with color does not make it past the next morning 's meal . Our community is groomed and well maintained but noticebly void of the typical colorful annuals in the spring and summer.After quickly installing the Scarecrow we now can relax with the money and time spent with our petunias , fusias , hanging baskets and various annuals . The Scarecrow is so effective even the dogs are reminded frequently with a quick burst of water from the Scarecrow 's motion detector . This product is so simple and effective and yet it will not fail to do the job . We endorse this product 100 percent !
 We also had a problem with persistent geese . Thanks to this little contraption my yard is no longer a goose toilet . Highly recommended .
 Works well never fails , keeps wild ducks geese out of my fish pond.Will probably buy a second one for the next pond now building .
 Length :
 I was ready to cover the open outdoor pool until I found the Motion Sprinkler . This works exactly as it should and I no longer have a problem with the cats in the neighborhood using my pool for their personal hygiene . THANK YOU !
 Before installing the scarecrow I had goose droppings in my back and front yards.it 's been about a month now and there are no goose droppings anywhere . Very satisfied with the scarecrow
 This product saved my vegetables so I could eat them instead of a deer . I have a 8 foot high fence that the deer jumped over night after night . I thought of getting an electric fence but decided to get this product instead . I purchased two , to cover the needed area , and after setting them up I have had no further munching by the deer .
 Works as advertised.It protected my early corn field just great.It also douses the unexpected visitor so one has to be wise in placing it .
 I tried a lot of ways to keep the racoons away from the bird feeders - a lot of mornings I had to go looking in the woods for my feeders . After getting the motion activated sprinkler the racoons have n't been around the feeders once in the past month . This one worked for me .
 We purchased our first Scarecrow in May to keep the deer away from the front yard roses . Not only did it scare the deer away , it kept the stray dogs and cats from entering our yard . It works great.We purchased our second Scarecrow in Aug to control the whole front yard . I recommended the product to our neighbor and he has purchased two this month.D & MNevada City . CA
 First morning after I 'd set them up as a test -LRB- I got two -RRB- , wandered out into the dawn , forgot all about them and boy was I startled ? Yes I was , and wet . More careful in future . A few evenings ago I happened to glance out a window -LRB- you know how you do -RRB- and there was a fully grown doe wandering through the yard as if she owned it -LRB- you know how they do -RRB- when she triggered one of them which squirted water at her whereupon she leaped straight up into the air and came down with all legs running , straight into the zone of the other one which gave her its best shot . It was like one of those Warner Bros. cartoons ; she disappeared so fast I swear her little hooves were smoking . Poor thing !
 I got this to keep the deer out of the vegetable garden . Like elephant repellent , I ca n't tell if I have n't had more deer problems because of this or the deer repellent spray I applied or if the deer found better eats at a neighbor 's house . But it does sense and spray moving targets . The first victim was my oldest girl and her unaware grandmother . I have heard it go off once at night.As far as I can determine , it was worth it .
 As someone who has tried the repellents , solar powered mole chasers , they do n't really work . The Scarecrow works awesome .
 The scarecrow works great . However I am finding that the threaded connection just below the head with its lower shaft comes apart easily with the slightest rough handling . It is always subject to rough handling since it is to be driven into the ground . Apparently the male and female threaded joints do n't match up snugly enough . In terms of doing its job , I have been sprayed a half dozen times unexpectedly so it works .
 I have owned a scarecrow for a few weeks now . It has brought me much satisfaction . To make a long story short , I think that the scarecrow works great in scaring dear away . In close range circumstances I think it will work with cats and dogs . It makes sense to me that raccoons are too tough and too short to be much affected by this.On the short end the scarecrow is a battery eater . My battery only lasted about 2 weeks . I think the ideal will be for me to set these contraptions up with little transformers connected to 120v juice , then they can all be turned on and off with one switch . They could be hooked up to an irrigation system , and they would n't go off when the juice is turned off.I see much good with exceptions and practicalities to consider , thats the way it goes with todays inexpensive electronic gadgetry made for the mass market .
 Our garden was being destroyed by deer and the fence I installed was not effective . A neighbor recommended the scarecrow so we thought we would give it a try . It worked immediately and was easy and simple to install . Just be careful - it 'll spray you , too .
 best deer , skunk , rabbit and neighbor deterrent I 've found to date , and I have tried everything !
 The other reviewers are dead on . This things works great . I wish it stood a little taller off the ground but that 's the thing 's only shortfall . Its awesome . Solved my deer problem instantly . Love it .
 Keeps pets away from our new screened porch . Does what it says it would . -LRB- Does need hose - city pressure -RRB- I would recommend it to friends .
 My husband built a gorgeous pond filled with fish and surrounded by flowers and lush greens ! It looked like it was going to be a thing of the past.Our new pond was now a feeding site for one of the biggest blue herons we ever saw!We tried everything , nets , decoys and short of shooting it we were at a loss.I did some research and found this wonderful item , the scarecrow !! It 's been a few weeks and not a fish is missing , so , so far so good !!
 Does what it is intended to do - make the deer get OFF my lawn.The deer were bedding-down each night , on my lawn -LRB- under a very large Maple tree -RRB- , and the lawn was dying in those spots . This SCARE-CROW / Water device convincesthem to GO ELSEWHERE . My lawn is finally comming back.Great product . Works great . ***** = 5 stars
 We have a bad Deer and Rabbit problem in our garden . Those critters really like to eat the garden plants just as they bloom . This scarecrow worked flawlessy . I have had not ONE problem the past season . The only thing is that I would forget to turn it off when entering the garden and let me tell you , I got squirted a few times . Worked better than I had hoped for .
 Product works as designed , I wish it was cheaper so I could buy additional units . It scares the crap out of me sometimes when I forget that it 's there .
 I was having to pick up 10-15 piles from the neighbor 's cat before I was able to mow my lawn . Had tried some powders and sprays that had no effect after a rainy day . Installed the scarecrow and heard it go off a couple of times in the night . Woke up the next morning and there were no piles . It 's been a week now and still no piles in my lawn . Very happy customer .
 I tried numerous devices to stop neighborhood cats from using my garden as a cat box , all of them ineffective . I even resorted to putting toothpicks and twigs in my garden -LRB- poking upward -RRB- , which , although effective enough , is impractical in a large garden . Enter ConTech ScareCrow . I was initially skeptical , but the ScareCrow has been by far the most effective device I 've used to alter cat behavior . It not only stops them in their tracks , but stops them for a long time . I only attach it to the hose when I need to reinforce desired cat behavior . After a few bad experiences , cats tend to avoid it just by sight . It takes some time to get the sensor setting right . Lower sensitivity levels -LRB- 1-5 -RRB- are n't that effective , so I suggest a sensitivity level of 6-9 for smaller animals . I chose `` free shipping '' which took longer than I expected . So , if you want it sooner , splurge on paid shipping .
 This thing works just like I hoped it would . I 've been blessed with 2 wonderful teenage children who have wonderful teenage friends who like to roll yards - especially mine . We do n't mind as long as nobody is tearing up anything - we consider it good clean fun . Our kids were getting tired of having to clean up after their friends ' nights of fun , so we put this out in the main area that was getting rolled . Whether anyone has been sprayed by it as they were attempting to roll our yard or not , I do n't know - but our yard has n't been rolled since we put this out . Unfortunately , the man who reads our water meter found out that it works ! I apologized and he laughed about it . Dogs stay away from this area of our yard as well . It 's put up now for the winter , but we will definitely get it back out this spring . I 'm thinking about buying a few more and running them together to cover a bigger area !
 My dog was digging in our garden , which had to stop . I looked for solutions online and discovered this gem . After we put it in the garden , the digging stopped pretty quickly . It 's funny to watch the dog head to the garden to dig only to be surprised by the sprinkler ... Be careful though , if you forget to turn the silly thing off and get within range you 'll get a good soaking ! My wife laughed so hard when I got sprayed and practically broke my neck trying to get out of the way .
 After reading all the reviews I was scepticle about getting this , especially about the battery , but I have had mine over a month now and its still going strong on the same battery and it probobly goes off about 30 or more times a day ... I have a garden with a fence around it and my smaller chickens kept getting in but my biggest problem was my 15 peacocks kept flying over the fence and eating my plants , I 've been battling this for years but this sprinkler has put a stop to all of that and none of my cats think my raised beds are a litter box any more.I love it so much that i ordered 2 more for my garden -LSB- its pretty big -RSB- and I am ordering 1 for my dad to put on his grapevines and persimmon trees to keep the critters out . And I was really impressed at how far the censor picked up movement . I just wish it had a remote control.so I could turn it off when I want to go in the garden ! : -RRB-
 Tried many things to scare away the deer.This is the only thing that really worked.Gets me too , if I forget and walk in front of it .
 I do n't know where the deer went , but I can tell you , they are not eating my Hosta 's anymore . This product is fantastic . I would highly recommend it .
 This product really does keep the deer away ! Awesome , simple to use product if you have a small area to protect . I 'm planning to buy another 1 or two to expand my garden.We live in a rural area covered largely with woods , with a herd of 30 deer coming through daily . We planted a garden but have had little success because of the deer . For some reason the rabbits do n't bother my garden , so I ca n't really report on smaller animals . I thought it was expensive to start with , but has so far lasted two seasons without breaking down , and absolutely works for us . We put it on our vegetable garden , it will cover about 30 feet in 3 directions . The deer will nibble up to the edges of the protected area . You must replace the 9-volt battery once during the season -LRB- there is no battery low indicator -- just replace it halfway through the summer or it will stop triggering reliably -RRB- . You must put it away before temperatures get freezing , so it wo n't protect your fruit trees and bushes during the winter . It needs to sense the area well , so if the plants are tall , you might want to put it on a stake . YOU MUST MAKE SURE IT IS STILL CONNECTED TO THE HOSE AND TURNED ON EVERY NIGHT . It is easy to turn off when you come into the area , but be sure to turn it back on when you leave . I do n't believe the deer are `` trained '' to stay away for long , but the noise and water startle them off right away . Heck , it startles me , and I am there almost every day .
 Very Cool lil product , not yellow as shown , but all black and easier to hide . Really scaress the Cats away ! Has hose outlet on front so you can hook up another hose to do daily watering .
 We live in a rural area where wildlife , especially deer are a problem . We love to garden and the deer like to eat the fruits of our labors . We bought our first unit 5 or 6 years ago and we were well pleased , When the unit seized up due to hard water , we decided to buy a second unit . So far so good ... we continue to eat the fruits of our labors ... and not the deer ! Good product !
 The thing works great and scares visitors when the come to the pond . Pranked a few people with it and the Heron does not eat my fish anymore .
 Wow what a simple game changer . We have done battle with the deer for three growing seasons ... The deer always winning . About to give up until we found this product . My wife and the kids worked hard creating gardens of our favorite foods only to have the deer clean them out . Usually waiting unill very near harvest time . No longer they come near the gardens or the roses and ZAP do they get a surprise blast of water and just enough noise to send them on their way ! No more dear off -LRB- that did not work -RRB- no more setting up ugly and mostly inefficient deer fence.If you have a problem with any animals getting into or on an area where you do n't want them ... This is your answer.David A Koop , Bestselling AuthorCancer - It 's a Good Thing I Got It !
 We had a raccoon leaving deposits on the roof of our front porch at night . We set up the scarecrow on the roof and the next night heard it go off while we were downstairs -LRB- it took a second to realize what the sound was - it 's not very loud -RRB- . I ran out back and my husband ran out front and the scarecrow went off again . Then I saw a young raccoon coming over the top of the roof . He jumped down and ran off . Last night the scarecrow went off again and the porch roof was deposit free this morning . It works and does n't injure the animal .
 I bought this to keep the raccoons out of my pond and away from my fish . I hooked it up to a timed sprinkler system so it comes on at 9 pm and off at 5 am . It works WONDERFUL . I heard that rascal come over the fence about 4am and the sprinkler took him right back over the fence . It was easy to put together and not hard to set up the parameters for the automatic eye . I would buy this item again and again and have told anyone who will listen all about it .
 I deleted an earlier review reflecting problems I was having after just two months of use . Battery died after two months . Replaced with fesh alkaline battery and that battery died after just 2-3 days.I called Customer Service this morning and they are shipping me a replacement unit and told me to keep the original for parts or whatever.I asked if they could ship me decals for the replacement unit and they said , `` sure . `` Great Customer Service !!!
 I have a one acre lot that is next to an undeveloped natural space that I love , but the rabbits and I are at constant war . I want a lush green lawn , they want to chew it up . I 've tried a dozen detterent powders and liquids . They work temporarily , but once you water , the scent is gone . I tried the humane trapping and relocation program , but only got two of them over a 3 month period . This product works well , but requires a hose to be connected to it , so depending on the location you need it , that may not be practical or aesthetically pleasing . I was initally concerned that it might be a water waster , because the motion sensor is also triggered by birds , so it seemed to be firing off constantly in the beginnning , but after a couple months the water bill has n't shown any big increase , and now the birds have caught on as well . Overall I am happy with the product , and will likely purchase a second one for the back lawn .
 Bought both this and the same company 's CatStop ultrasound cat deterrent to deal with a neighbor 's pesky cat that was using our flower bed as a latrine . The combo seems to work well . Ca n't say whether either alone would be as effective.Because the covered area overlaps our front walk , we have to turn on the water at night and turn it off in the morning to avoid soaking visitors and delivery people . Teflon tape on all joints helps to keep them from leaking . We still need to fine-tune the sensitivity ; the sensor activates when cars go by , which could run down the battery faster .
 I tried everything -LRB- chili pepper , moth balls , more fencing , ect -RRB- to regain control of my yard and to further prevent it from being used as a litter box for my neighbors feral cats . This product has worked like a charm . We were able to limit the areas that the cats were coming into our yard and therfore able to focus the sprinkler on one specific area . The directions mention not to set it to the most sensitive setting but we found that initially the cats needed to know that they would get wet if they approached our yard . Right know we are conditioning the cats to stay far away from our yard . In fact after only having the sprinkler in for a couple days we witnessed a cat walking in the middle of the street and going to our other neighbors house completely avoiding our yard all together.We are actually considering getting this product for our back yard once we limit the areas that they can get in . And our other neighbor whose yard is being used as a litter box by the same cats will be purchasing this product , too .
 Works as advertised . Wish it sprayed a little longer when it is set for a wide arc . Also wish the sensor had a 120-180 * zone of sensitivity . Recommended .
 Well i wanted to give the product some time to test out and now have some feedback.First thing I would suggest make sure you use a fully charged 9V battery.I used a older battery which had charge . Well it would just spit out water when activated . First I thought it was water pressure so I bought a regulater . This did not fix the issue . I bought a new battery and it worked great.I placed the product in a location where I know cats have been walking through into the backyard and then through my fence . I noticed the other day a cat in my neighbors yard . I chased it and it stopped and looked at the back yard . It looked like it felt trapped and could not go into the back yard . It finally ran down the street and would not set foot into my backyard . This prooves that the cat got sprayed and will not go into my back yard . I will slowly start moving to diffirent lcoations in my yard and get rid of the cat poo and pee in my yard.Thank you Amazon and contech
 I totally LOVE this thing!Not only does it keep squirrels from raiding the bird feeders and suet feeders , it keeps the cat from catching birds anywhere near the birdfeeders !
 After reading the reviews of other items used to get cats from making a litter box out of yard gardens , I went straight to this item which had great reviews . The others that used everything from coyote urine to cayenne pepper . This item had a long , wide , and selectable spray area and there were not complaints about the sensitivity of the detector . I got immediate and effective results . The offending cat left some disturbed mulch where he sprang out if there so fast ! In fact , my neighbor decided to give this cat , that was not litter box trained , to relatives in the country , and to keep his other cat which he could keep indoors . He was even very nice about it , finally , and was intrigued by the motion detector sprinkle . The only question I have about this item is that I 'm not sure if the washer that is meant to make the seal to my hose could be improved or not . It may have been my hose end , but I did n't get a perfect seal and had water seepage at the hose connection that would have been a problem if I had to use this long term . IF it was because of the washer , that would be cheap enough to replace , and since it was so effective and my neighbor responded extremely favorably , I do n't need to use it anymore . 5 Stars !
 Worth every penny . We had neighbors ' and feral cats that loved our back yard . Last year we were the `` proud '' grandparents of a litter of feral kittens . We had to take them to a no kill shelter.In three days after setting up the motion-activated sprinkler , yeah ! no more cats . I think this is a quicker , less expensive way than repetitively buying pellets or sprays . I read that the coyote/fox urine smelling pellets were quite effective , but I did not want to try them . We had enough urine smell already from the cats .
 The best product I ever purchased to get rid of raccoons digging up my garden every night . I am very happy .
 This item was purchased to replace another that had just ` worn out ' after having been in constant use for many years . It was not long after the replacement that the `` Bird Watcher '' was called into service ... We have a very nice outdoor fish pond with 15 - 20 nice and expensive fish . We were loosing some of our small fish and some of the larger ones were laying on the ground with a large puncture wound . We finally caught the culprit - a large crane was coming in and eating our fish and spearing the larger ones and throwing them out of his way . I now get great pleasure in being there , usually early in the A.M. , when the large bird attempts to land at our pond . The `` Scarecrow '' catches it in mid air and scares the BEJEBEEZ out of it . He -LRB- she -RRB- is totally BUMFUZELED and , at a distance looks back to see what in the world it was that hit him . We have not lost any fish since our initial purchase . I highly recommend this product as a GUARD over ones special place that might need protecting .
 we bought the scarecrow so our pauppies would stop barking at everyone that passes by . It does a good job . we are satified with it .
 This is my second Scarecrow . I knew what to expect , and I got it . The device works wonders at chasing off small animals in the middle of the night , especially .
 I 'd tried other tactics to get rid of the geese , but none worked.After setting up the scarecrow , I have not seen any wild geese in my yard . Amazing !
 I have one already and they work great to chase those pesky critters away from trees that have fruit ! they work super and seem to be the only thing that works , powders and sents do n't seem the work !
 This thing finally solved my cat problem . I was being pushed to the edge trying to determine how to keep these horrible creatures from spraying their stench around my house . Highly recommended .
 I am not sure if the scarecrow works yet in keeping the raccoons out of my back yard . However , I am impressed with the customer service the manufacturer provides . The first unit was received and installed only to find it leaked out of the sprinkler head causing a terrific waste of water and money . I contacted the manufacturer and they sent me a completely new one at no expense . I did n't even need to send the broken one back . The new one is not leaking and appears to be working properly . I have not seen any new diggings in the past couple of days , but it is too early to declare victory .
 Works great ! Bought it to spray the teenagers who like to toilet paper my house . Ca n't wait to catch one!It attaches to a regular garden hose . The range can be set as to where it will spray when it detects someone/something walking in the range . It works just like an automatic security light . You can control the range of the spray , not the range of the detection . If setting up in your front yard , test it with your kids during the day to see how it works , great fun !
 the raccoons are furious , but we are very happy . The only drawback I found is that the spray is difficult to regulate as far as direction and force , causing a wet husband occasionally when taking out the trash . I would still highly recommend this as a humane solution to animal visitors to the garden , they simply can not believe the big scary thing is still there and come back to check from time to time , but they really hate it .
 Fast service . The item did not work . I called and they sent me another one that work great . Going to buy two more
 I just to wake up to a garden with out flowers but now is blooming like crazy all over , deer wo n't even think about it , and the same goes for raccoons and squirrels . I was spending about $ 50 every two weeks to replaceall the missing and damaged plants but that 's history thanks to the electronic scarecrow.Contech Electronics Scarecrow Motion-Activated Sprinkler #CRO 101/CRO102
 Fantastic works very well I do not know about birds and cats but it has been able to hit me and the gardener from a long distance and the fish are feeling very safe now.Only one problem and that is British Customs which hit all US items with a high tax to stop us gaining from the low dollar value to the pound this item cost over 60 dollars extra on tax !
 Until now , the only way to keep deer from eating my green beans was an electric fence which made tilling tough . Tried all kinds of other deterrents
 I ordered the Scarecrow because birds were devouring our tomatoes this year . They pecked them so badly I thought a larger animal was responsible - like a squirrel - but after putting the Scarecrow up it seems to have driven them off and we 're able to enjoy the rest of our tomatoes . I only wish I 'd discovered it earlier . My husband put a spring loaded device on it which makes attaching the hose easier . I recommend it , although it will get you , too , if you happen to get in its `` eyesight . ''
 After trying several other options to keep the deer from my garden , I finally got the scarecrow sprinkler . I have not had one in my garden since I set it up . Great solution , easy to setup .
 Works very well to keep deer out of our yard . Just remember to turn it off before walking in front of it .
 I have a kind neighbor who has adopted several stray cats . The problem is the cats like to come to my front yard as their favorite `` rest stop '' on their commutes . However , since I bought the Scarecrow Sprinkler we have nicknamed `` Raven , '' the cats have bypassed my front yard in search of drier pastures . Quoth the Raven , `` Nevermore . ''
 Works great ! No evidence of dogs or cats , even though I 've seen them ... if only it had a full 360 degree motion sensor ... : -RRB-
 I have extensive gardens and have tried a multitude of different deterrents for deer including diligent weekly sprays . In mid July many of my hostas were eaten and I immediately installed several Scarecrow sprinklers . Since that time -LRB- 9 weeks -RRB- I have had absolutely no damage in any area that is protected by the sprinklers.You must be motivated to turn the sprinklers on every single night and it important to turn them off during the day to reduce pressure on the hoses . One night I forgot them and I had some browsing . You must also be dilignet about checking for leaks at the connection points and check the batteries every 6-8 weeks . It is important to have the sprinklers aimed at the sites the deer are most likely to enter and/or browse and provide good coverage . You can not rely on just 1-2 sprinklers unless you have a small space.This product is also a lot of fun for those special friends late at night who you want to give an extra surprise too . These things really blast you .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000071NUS/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleI purchased this for my husband for his birthday after my son had purchased one to keep the deer from his garden . We just love it .
 I confess to some misgivings about ordering this product . However , it has worked well and for the first time in four years we have been able to pick unblemished tomatoes from our small raised bed garden . Before the Scarecrow , some varmint always sampled our nearly ripe fruit just before it was ready to be picked.Do be careful sticking it into the ground . Like some have mentioned , it is a little flimsy . Do n't push on the body , step on the part of the stake indicated in the instructions and you will be fine . Oh , and connect the hose before placing it . It does not have a swivel connection so if you try to screw the hose into the fitting after you 've stuck the Scarecrow into the ground you 'll be having to twist the entire hose.It works even better for keeping dogs out of an area in our yard . Have an area that your dogs have beat down badly ? Set the Scarecrow to cover the area until the grass grows back . One of our two likes to play in the sprinkler but is leery of a sprinkler that comes on unexpectedly.We were really surprised by the battery life . The original nine volt battery has lasted all summer long and is still working.I do wish we had more control over the vertical aim of the spray . When place close enough to the target to `` see '' small animals like birds and rodents the Scarecrow tends to throw it 's spray over the target , however the predators seemed to be scared off by the stream hitting the tops of the plants anyway .
 I had tried many other products to keep the neighborhood cats out of my garden , and none had worked . As soon as I installed the Scarecrow , they stopped coming around .
 I bought the scarecrow with the sole intent of keeping my neighbors cat out of my vegetable garden . Once installed the cat learned to not go near the garden and now it does n't even enter my yard . The device worked as advertised . I think the device could be designed a little more rugged for the price but this seems to be the nature of the modern manufacturing thinking .
 The deer and other animals were eating my garden bare ! A friend told me about the scarecrow sprinkler . I look for at Lowes and Menards they did not carry it . So I shopped online and found it . A little pricey but I told myself if I didnt buy it I wouldnt have any veggies out of my garden and I put to much money and time to not get any results so I bought it . The first night my husband put it out I said lets sleep with the window open so we could hear it when it turns on . Within 2 minutes of turning the lights off and our heads hitting the pillow , it went off . We both jumped out of bed and looked out of the window and saw two white tails running back to the woods , it works ! The noise when it turns on is enough to scare any animal away but mixed with the water we have not had a problem since we got it . The only negative I feel is that you cant turn off the motion and have it on to use has a normal sprinkler , so I have to switch it every time I want to water my garden . Other than that and the price , it is great . And I now have peas , beans and tomatoes for my family ! I would buy it again in a heart beat ! Just remember to turn it off before walking in front of it or you WILL GET WET !
 This thing is great ! The birds were eating our tomatoes during the day and the deer were just tromping through the entire garden and eating anything they could find at night . I ordered the Scarecrow sprinkler from Amazon using Prime overnight shipping , and noticed an immediate difference!There is a motion sensitivity dial on the back that allows you to fine tune how much motion it takes to activate the 3 second swiveling burst of water , and there is an automatic 8 second pause between motion detection periods once it goes off . I have watched the birds try to swoop in without landing to snatch a bite of tomato , having learned their lesson after a few touch-down initiated sprinklings -LRB- smart little buggers -RRB- , but the motion detector is sensitive enough to attack them in the air too ; - -RRB- I have n't found a single deer track in the garden since we bought it , as I just leave it on all the time to protect our vegetables at night , too . Seems expensive , but well worth the money when you consider the hundreds of dollars spent and the hours of working in the organic vegetable garden to end up just feeding the wildlife !
 Have tried this and Deer off and Sound sensor activated devices , along with `` Deer Fence '' This and Deer Fence are great . All put together , I am getting bothered the least in the neighborhood , although I have the best edibles .
 I was always having problems with my ex 's not understanding the common keep away saying like `` I do n't want to see you again ! '' , or '' your sister was much better in bed so please respect my choice and stay away from my house ... k thnx ! '' or even this saying '' I have a court order on your a $ $ so back the f off ! '' . Yeah my life was a wreck before this product really . I would wake up in the mourning with paint dumped all over my car , used tampons in my mailbox , one ex even went as far as leaving my newspaper in the middle of the street to bait me out so she could finish me off with her car . From the moment I installed two of these in my front yard I felt a sense of peace come over me , what can I say the auto sprinkler really brings security in the most hummane way possible ! I installed them both behind two small bushs on each side of my front lawn at snatch level . I knew this would be the ideal height cause knowing my ex 's as I do I know they wo n't get on all fours but would easily be willing to get on there knees , so I had to make sure the sprinkler head shot above the knees and below the waste.Now what your thinking , this must be a joke but seriously the first night alone I heard `` EEK YOU MOTHER FU **** ! , I 'M GOING TO GET YOU ! '' and clicking sound of heels running away from the front yard . I have had these installed for two weeks so far with no return of any in wanted strays again !! Thank you so much for designing such a creative product ! I am wondering if there will be a self aiming unit in the future ?
 My neighbors 14 stray cats that she decides to feed everyday turned my yard and my back yard into a cesspool . it smelled so bad that my 7 year old refused to play in the back yard.After I installed this thing -LRB- a month ago -RRB- , no more cat poop . I never had the patience to stare at the window to see how it works but yesterday I was lucky to see it in action . I just wish I had a camera to snap a few shots.This cat was about 15 feet away trying to get a peek around the garage corner . Scarecrow was about 45 degrees from that corner . -LRB- -RRB- -LSB- GARAGE -- -RSB- * cat -LSB- GARAGE -- -RSB- ##################### YARD ######################################### ^ ^ #### ^ ^ #### ^ ^ SCARECROWThis cat tried 4 times to get a peek from the garage corner and the scarecrow managed to detect it and turned on the sprinkler every single time . -LRB- scarecrow setting was in 7 -RRB- It loooks like the 8 sec delay totally in sync with the cat as the damn thing took almost that long to decide to try again . This thing really works ! Finally one thing about pet owners . On the outside you people look like you are so nice that you care for the animal . But those of you who feed animal and let them defacate on other people 's property are the scum of the world . These are the same people who probably do not shower or brush their teeth . Disgusting !
 This is the only thing I have ever seen that is effective against armadillos . These ugly little creatures can destroy a lawn or garden in one night . They are like flies , you kill one , 3 more take its place , but the scarecrow seems to at least chase them back into the neighbors yard . Since armadillos are active only at night , I put my scarecrow on a hose end timer that only turns on the water after dark so it just cliks when somebody walks by during the day . My only complaint is that is repels the armadillos humanely , I would prefer somethng that blasted them to pieces .
 My dog has learned how to cool off on these hot summer days
 I got the contech motion activated sprinkler . It works very well for me . It is sensitive to any movement in my back yard in a large area . The only thing I would recommend is what I did is I took a sledge hammer and put a three foot fence post in and attached the scarecrow to it with a couple of hose clamps otherwise the sprinkler will come loose . I realize this will only work for a fixed location of the scarecrow .
 This product work great !!!! It has help me keep the deer and ground hogs out of my flowers . My husband was so pleased he told me to buy two more and my friends ask where did you find that?THANKS FOR A GREAT ITEM !!!!!!!!!!
 To say this is motion activated is an understatement . . it is high speed , motion entertainment . It never fails to give me a laugh with animals or people.It took a bit to figure out how to get it to work , but once we did it was fantastic . I do recommend using plumbers white tape around the threads when attaching a hose .
 I bought two of these , one to protect a rose bush from deer and another to protect a pear tree from deer and crows . I 've used them all summer and they worked for about 4 months per battery . They have worked very well scaring deer from the rose bush and the pear tree . The noise and spray really startles deer and they bolt away quickly.They have also been relatively effective at scaring crows from the pear tree . I aim it so the water sprays into the tree when the Scarecrow detects movement . However , crows are very smart and they soon figured out that they could approach the tree from the opposite side from the Scarecrow and their movement would be obscured from the motion detector by the leaves . So , I believe the solution will be to put another scare crow on the opposite side of the tree.With a little practice the sensitivity can be adjusted to repel the pest and not be activated by wind movement .
 I bought this unit last summer to deter cats from attacking the birds in my back yard . I have several feeders in my yard , and in the summertime when the bushes and ground cover is heavy , several cats in the neighborhood hide in the brush and very often leap out and nail birds that are ground feeding . I ca n't tell you how many times I have gone out there some time during the day to see a pile of feathers on the ground . Sometimes I am fortunate enough to catch them hiding and I chase them off . But I ca n't be back there all the time . Both me and the birds were losing the battle big time for a while . I even resorted once to laying down one of those sprinkler hoses and leaving it on low all the time . But that was wasteful and expensive ... This sprinkler thingy has been a Godsend to me and the birds . It 's so easy to hook up . You just put a battery in it , attach a hose to it and stick it in the ground . Its that simple . I bought two of them for the bushes on each side of my fence and installed a Y connector in the hose so it can deliver water both ways . It takes a while to get the sensitivity just right , but then its just sit back and watch it patrol the grounds for you . Since I have had it installed I have not seen the remains of a single victim . And the burst of water that is left behind is useful to the birds and harmless to the cats . It 's true that you have to have a hose running across your yard for it to work , but that is a minor irritation for what you get out of it as far as service for sure . When I first installed it I saw the area wet all the time as the cats were taking their chances with it . Now its less and less being used as they have become wise to it and moved on to other game somewhere else . It 's true that the battery does n't last as long as one would want , but I really do n't mind it . I just change it at the beginning of the month from late spring through September whether it needs it or not and its up and working without interruption.In conclusion , this is one of the cheapest , if not the cheapest form of motion detector sprinkler I have found on Amazon . It installs in a jiffy , works perfectly for me , and seems very well made . I ca n't attest to its durability yet , but for the price and performance I highly recommend it . Great product . .
 I had a skunk problem that I could n't get rid of , not nice for my dog . This sprinkler was recommended to me so I took a chance . It was a great move , it only took a couple of days before the skunks decided to find another shed to live under . My sister borrowed it the next summer for skunks and it worked for her too .
 Works as described . Took awhile to get the settings correct for our needs . Purchased 2 to keep all the neighborhood stray cats -LRB- there 's a lot of them ! -RRB- from using the front yard and back yard as a litterbox . Have had about a week and have no problems . It does sometimes go off when a car drives by even though it is set for small animals , but the water does stay on the lawn area .
 We had bare area in lawn after removing a kid 's playhouse . We seeded it , but a neighborhood cat decided to use this area as a litterbox . Not only making the yard stink but the cat kept digging up the seed , preventing the grass to grow . We tried many things and had a bare spot for months . Finally found this and after using it for a few weeks , we have grass !
 The product is easy to install and works great.I wish I could adjust the distance a little bit , but overall great product .
 Item works amazingly well . Excellent for keeping birds out of the garden ; squirrels not so much , they are quite tenacious ! The motion activated feature works very well , the only issue I have is leaking a bit at the connections . My husband had to put some tape around the shaft where the head screws on , no problems after that . As an added bonus , great for pranking family and friends ! My dog thinks it 's his new toy .
 Have had many comments on this one , but it does keep the animals out of the flowers . It is hard to keep it adjusted to right angle of water flow
 My garden is 15 ' x 30 ' and after planting the garden , I failed to set up the scarecrow for a couple of days . Deer attached the tomatoes and jalapenos.I set up the scarecrow and not only does it keep the deer away , but it keeps my neighbor cool when he mows his lawn . : - -RRB- Just test it once in a while and keep fresh a fresh battery in it , as the deer figure it out really quickly when it is n't operating .
 No tax , no shipping!It was easy to set up , and is easy to maintain . I was trying to discourage squirrels from eating my persimmons . This is the ONLY product that worked .
 It is larger than I expected . It does what I wanted , sprays the cats who are trying to muscle in on my yard .
 This sprinkler worked as stated , I had this activated for several months and the 9v battery still had power . May buy another in the future .
 I have been looking for over a year for a product that would deter cats from using my backyard as their own personal restroom . Unfortunately we have neighbors that do not care about their animals and let them roam around the neighborhood defecating in other peoples yards . I do not let my dog go to their yard and do her business . Fortunately I found the solution I have been looking for that is virtually harmless to cats . The CRO101 was exactly what I was looking for . I have had the Scarecrow Motion Activated Sprinkler for a month and it worked from the first day I set it up . No longer do I walk into my backyard finding mounds of cat feces . All I can see are paw prints from a cat that has been scared out of my yard . I do suggest adding a quick release valve to the end of your hose and a connector on the Scarecrow Motion Activated Sprinkler . This will allow you to quickly remove the hose from the sprinkler when you want to use your hose.This was a great buy ! Thank you Amazon for having this product available on your site .
 I 'm a super fan of this product . Neighbor has six cats that were dominating my backyard with poops . I would be upset every week picking up 15-20 loads around the house . I bought a pooper scooper and was picking up stranger cat doo doo . Then I got this bad boy scarecrow . Cats now do n't walk tall anymore , nor do they give me the stink eye . Also I occasionally enjoy my wife or kid walking into backyard and forgetting Mr.scarecrow is on duty .
 This device is a must have for those that have unwanted deer or ? , that chew a garden like a buffet !!! My husband purchased this for our gardens . . The scarecrow has saved our gardens !! Highly recommend this product ! Exceeds our expectations !
 Works as advertised . Safe for all creatures you want too keep away.Not to effective on small animals . Must be removed from use when temperture is below freezing . Also plan ongetting a little wet until you figure it out .
 The scarecrow works well and does what it 's suppose to do . It helps to keep the herds of deer away from my fruit trees and gardens . The motion detector does n't work real well in a heavy mist or fog . So far , I 'm happy with the 2 that I purchased . I 'm thinking of setting one of these up next Holloween ... . Nah ... I better not , I 'll end up washing eggs off my house !
 Love this product ! We live in an area where there is an extreme overpopulation of deer . They eat absolutely everything - even plants and bushes that are suppose to be ` deer resistant ' . Bought the scarecrow after trying various sprays on flowers and shrubs -LRB- a part time job in itself constantly having to spray -RRB- . Have only been using it about 2-3 weeks , but I think it 's working great . Note the ` detection ' area only covers about 120 degrees , so if deer are outside of this area it wo n't go off , however , the sprayer covers 180 + degrees , so once they step into the detection zone , the sprayer covers a good amount of area - and it sprays far too . I think the loud ` ticking ' sound of the sprayer , combined with the water is really effective . The sprayer also stops in a different place each time , so that deer do n't get use to one particular area being protected . If you 're trying to cover a large amount of space , you 'll need a few . We 've purchased 3 so far and placed at the corners of our house ; plan on purchasing a few more to cover some spots in the yard as well .
 Neat product . I purchased it to keep my younger dog out of my succulent garden . She 'd been digging it up every other day , so I tried surrounding the garden in light wire garden fencing , she blew through that like a tornadeo . Next I reinforced the fencing with bamboo stakes & horizontal lengths , which she chewed through . I was going to install 2x4s & chicken wire , but it would have been pretty unsightly , so I finally tried the Scarecrow . Works great . Only thing is it works on me too , I absent mindedly stepped into the Scarecrow 's range to retrieve some broken bamboo and had to change my suit before going to work .
 Really works ! I have to buy a few more , because the herons are pretty smart . I have n't seen any more egrets , but the herons work on the edge of the pond to avoid the spray .
 Works great and fast , as soon as something triggers it , including the owner who forgot it was there . My one complaint is that the threaded end is fixed so that either the hose or the sprinkler has to be turned . It took a bit of doing to get it tightened enough not to leak , but now it 's great !
 Had a problem with a neighborhood cat using my mulch as a bathroom , as well as my dogs wanting to dig it up . Took about 5 minutes for my dogs to figure out they could not access the mulch bed anymore , and so far appears there have been no visits from kitty . Product works great , love the range adjuster on it . A animal friendly way to keep your garden or any area of your yard free from pests .
 I ordered 3 and two works and 1 worked for a week and quit . I need to send it back if I could figure out how to do it .
 We are in a very wooded area , with lots of deer and other wildlife . They think our perennials make a tasty salad , especially our day lillies and hosta . This product is motion-activated so when they come to the yard for their munchies , it activates and they get sprinkled . Now we have uneaten plants . Love it .
 The Contech Scarecrow does the task of scaring the deer away from our plants . We are n't protecting a large area so I would need more if I were . But for what I am protecting it does a good job . I just have to remember it 's on when I walk in front of it . I 've gotten squirted a few times . But even that is fun .
 Installed it 10 days ago and have had no cat problems since . Use teflon tape and go to an RV store to get a hose bib pressure regulator -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- to keep the pressure under 60 PSI . My irrigation pressure was too high and the ScareCrow was having problems , quickly solved with that item .
 We have used this product for years and our gardens are safe from 4-legged predators who want to do what they do best - eat.The gardens have been expanded , so we needed another two Scarecrows . We have gone organic so poisons were not an option.Tip , you do not have to put the decals on , we kept them discretely plain black . Now with six in operation our yard and gardensare lush . Manifold on the house external faucet manages 4 hoses which are placed to left , right , and back and Scarecrows are at the end of each hose.We even put a Y-connector and then run RainBird drip irrigation lines to water the gardens from same hose . thank you Contech for your invention .
 I bought one of these because I live in a rural area and the deer were eating everything I planted in front.The deer would even go on my front porch and eat my potted plants , but no more . It worked so well I bought 2 more . Everything is blooming now including my roses , for the first time in a long time . My property borders a creek in back and I had raccoons , skunks ect . It has also stopped them from coming in my yard . I ca n't believe how well it has worked .
 This is a great idea and it works really well . It 's easier than putting up an entire fence around the area you want to protect and does n't harm any animals . But it certainly gives them a start if they venture near it . The sensativity adjustment setting and distance of water spray adjustments make it perfect for most areas . I wish I had invented it .
 I bought this b/c I was having a problem w/another cat entering into my yard and teasing my housecat enough to make my guy mark in the house ... and to be really honest I was n't hopeful at all that this would be very effective , but I had to at least try.All I can say is wow ... I think it 's stopped the little trespasser , w/o hurting it -LRB- which is key for me -RRB- and it 's helped keep my little fellow calm.The only warning I 'd give is that you HAVE to remember that you have it set for your yard ... or suffer getting royally doused like I did!But definitely worth it for me !
 Bought this device to keep a neighbor 's cat from using my patio as a litter box during his nightly visits . Effective the first day it was installed . Cat free for several weeks now !
 After re-grading on 3 sides of our home , the newly laid sod was repeatedly `` rolled '' up by a two groups of racoons which travel through our neighbourhood . None of the commonly used remedies -LRB- garlic powder , cajun pepper etc. -RRB- seemed to deter them . The scarecrow stopped it immediately . we could see their surprise reaction as we watched them through our bedroom window past midnight after the backyard light was triggered . After three more visits which were thwarted with the water spray , the visits stopped completely , as if they `` learned '' this is unfriendly territory . We subsequently bought a second unit to deter some deer feeding on young bushes and there too , it seems to be successful.Assembly and hook-up took all but 10 minutes.Hopefully the readers can draw their own conclusion from this little story .
 This is not the first one I have bought.It does its job like the the previous ones have . Only this one came with unusable decals-no big deal . My call to mfr got me replacement decals . Is this company using a different supplier ?
 We use the motion activated water sprinkler to repel deer and rabbits away from the roses and other plantings . It works great ! When you forget to turn it off it gets you too .
 Works extremely well , I did have some issues where sometimes when I tested it it did n't go off . Customer service was excellent and provided several ways to address any issues . My placement of it is on a slope so there may be issues with the motion sensor due to that . I use it to keep the neighbors dogs away from my plants and it works . The blast when it goes off is enough to scare them away . Its a worthwhile purchase .
 I needed a quick fix solution to keep deer from obliterating my garden while we were on vacation . Had two units set up and tested in about one hour . Left for vacation . Came back one week later , nothing was touched . I have to add that before this the deer had wrecked four of my items in the garden . The dog loves it , just like the border collie in the video someone posted .
 It really works ! and is also very entertaining ! I have tried all kinds of products to keep the deer out of my gardens and so far these sprinklers have been 100 % . Already thinking of buying a couple more .
 This was exactly as described and is working very well to keep the squirrels away from the area where we were having trouble . We 'll probably order another one or 2 to cover other areas .
 Deer had just been decimating my flower bed . I tried spraying them with a product called Deer Stopper , which did n't work and the company will not honor their own money back guarantee . In fact , I think the deer actually liked it . Anyway , the first night after installing the Contech Scarecrow , at about 3am , I heard the sprinkler go off , and a great commotion outside . Upon examining my flower bed the next morning , there were rocks & debris scattered about when the deer headed out at high speed ! Since then , I 've purchased another Scarecrow to put in my garden and they 've both worked perfectly . This product is well worth the money .
 I 've used these for several years to keep deer away from our roses and -LRB- inadvertently -RRB- solicitors from cutting across the lawn . As long as you set them up properly and use enough for the area you need covered they just plain work . You can daisy chain them together , you can replace the common sprinkler parts from a hardware store . It 's an elegant combination of simple devices that together function perfectly.Could it be improved ? Hmmm . You could certainly add features
 Delivery was prompt and product works well . One concern is battery life . Water is on a timer but as we walk around the yard the device tries to activate thus using battery . We have two and the first one required a battery replacement after about 30 days . I 'm looking into using a 9V adapter .
 Had terrible time with Geese in our backyard - a few days with the scarecrow and the geese are gone - no more mess !!
 No more blue herons , and hopefully no more raccoons . Although I 've kept the netting over the pond just in case.The scare crow works well . As others have said it takes a bit of adjusting of aim and sensitivity to get it to trigger but not too much . I err on the side of a little too much -LRB- wind blowing the netting sometimes sets it off -RRB- . But the garden plants in the target zone appreciate the extra watering .
 We no longer have an animal problem in our vegetable garden , this product worked wonders within hours ! We even shut it off now and our own animals stay a good 10 ' away from where it is ... HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT , it 's gotten rid of cats , birds , squirrels , skunks .
 A very well made product . I only had to purchase an adapter to attach my hose pipe -LRB- $ 3 -RRB- . Once set up it has performed very well . Recommend this to anyone with unwanted visitors !!!
 The item was exactly what it was supposed to be and it works real well . I would recommend this item to everyone . It does the job
 This is awesome as it works just like they said . easy to hook up and the sensor works real good .
 I purchased this to keep the deer out of my garden . So far we have had no trouble with the deer , in fact , nothing has eaten anything out of the garden . On the side yard are some cherry trees that have had a few leaves nibbled so I have ordered another one to reach the side yard . Hope it works as well .
 I do n't like the price of this but I also do n't want to wrap netting around my plantings .
 Exactly what is said , there is no reason for me to write more of a review for this product . ok
 I do n't usually write reviews but had to on this one . About 5 years ago we had problems with neighborhood cats -LRB- counted 15 at one time -RRB- who loved coming in our flower beds and on our new vehicles . We tried every product or old remedy possibly available . This was the best one & well worth the money spent ! We still have it ! Also great for dogs and will keep out unwanted solicitors :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- Great security also ! LOLOL . Just pick the perfect spot for it or get more than one.Honestly , if you 're like me you hesitate on reviews wondering if it 's from the manufacturer making their product look good . I promise this is a GREAT product and my only wish is that I had found it sooner .
 Durante meses tuve el problema de que los gatos iban a mi patio a hacer sus necesidades biol&oacute;gicas.Hasta el momento ha cumplido cabalmente su prop&oacute;sito , que es espantar estos animalitos sin hacerles da & ntilde ; o.Puedo evaluar los siguientes items : - Entrega
 Contech CRO101 Scarecrow Motion Activated SprinklerFolks !!! I have been told in the past its impossible to keep the deers away . I believed in all the old timers who I was seeking suggestings from . They never knew technology . The younger generations dont care about gardening so they had no clue of my problems when I was seeking a solution to protect my garden from deers . They simply had good laughs at all my hard work go in vain . Some of them who are interested in gardening had to give-up their passion just because they did not want to research further on a solution . Year # 1 since I prepped two areas of my backyard for vegetable garden . I allocated one small piece of area just to plant Okras , the second bigger one for Tomatoes , Peppers and some beans . My garden is small but I love each and every plant and I personally take time to water them by hand twice a day . I have fenced both these areas after seeing rabbits and hedgehogs and what not eat away couple years ago . Year # 1 after fencing the garden the only 2 problems I had were less depth of gardening soil for the plants to grow and deers . Year # 2 I worked real hard to raise the bed so plants could grow well . Still the deers were a big problem . How high can you fence ? Started researching on how to keep away deers . Sprays , moth balls etc I was never convinced . People even suggested to plant vegetables that deers dont like . Well ... Deers like everything when they are hungry . Just for grins they bite them away . No no no ... theres gotto be a solution to this.Google located this product and Amazon delivered it . All the 1000 + folks who reviewed this product on Amazon who convinced me - Thanks to every one of you for all the suggestions . This is Amazing . By the time Amazon delivered my product deers visited my garden couple of times and cleaned out my okras . I heard deers dont like okras but hey ... when they are hungry they need something to nibble . They dont care what it is . It was 2 day shipping but still I lost all my okras . Not complaining Amazon though : - -RRB- With sadness that my okras were gone I almost gave up in installing this unit for 3-4 more days and one day Bamm ! my beans were gone . Kicked myself for being lazy . Spent several hours thinking on how to get this installed . I was doing a lot of plans in head but it aint worth them . I went to Lowes and one lady suggested to trash all my ideas of installing the product in drain . She suggested me to go with 2 garden hose and 1 T-Connector . A total of about $ 90 . With this simple setup it took me less than 15 mins to install . I tested the units with kids while they played in the yard . All were good . Day 2 after installing . Bamm ! my tomato plants got trimmed . I know it was the deers again . My okras were unaffected . I started doubting the scarecrow . I tried testing the unit that was guarding the tomatoes and the sensor was not sensing the right area . It worked only when I waved my hands very closer to unit . I was wondering what could have gone wrong here . From morning till evening I could not think about anything else . And about 8 PM a thought struck me . Dang ! this could be it . Why is one working and the other not ? What did I do different ? I realized I had used an older battery in unit 1 and a brand new in unit 2 . Ran to the yard immediately and changed the battery to new one . This is Beginning of Week 2 since the units were installed . Absolutely no deers . My okras are coming up pretty well and my tomatoes are growing taller now and I have a strong feeling that this year I will get a good yield from my garden.Friends , if your problem is deer ... look no further . This is THE only environmental friendly , Animal friendly solution you can implement that definitely works . I have never reviewed very many products on Amazon or any other websites . But this one deserves a treat . Atleast 30 minutes of my time to help anyone who is looking for help . I want to add myself to the reviewers count towards 5 Star rating just because I am extremely impressed with this product . The product may be of cheap quality and could potentially break overtime or have leaks in joints . I have none so far . But these are problems you can always fix with less or no difficulties . Metal caps , teflon tapes , screwing tighter etc. . . But still if it takes me to buy a new unit every year . Heck yea ! I will buy one or two every year if thats what it takes . It protects my vegetables even if my vegetables are not worth the cost of this scarecrow I am willing to spend on something that can keep me happy gardening all summer long.RaniS.E Michigan
 I would give this a 100 stars if I could ... that 's how pleased I am with this product !!! We have tried EVERYTHING to keep the Canada geese , -LRB- 47 of them at last count -RRB- that our neighbor feeds , out of our yard to no avail . I have purchased a device that hisses like a crocodile , a lifesized coyote that pivots on a pole , a plastic owl , etc. to keep the ` poopers ' off the front yard but this is the first device that actually works !!!! We are so pleased . No more running out the front door screaming bloody murder or getting up in the middle of the night to check the lawn . No more crap on the bottom of our shoes and spending an hour or two shoveling goose crap . Plus it also works on the deer and racoons who have been invading our bird feeders at night and it is n't even aimed in that direction !! It works by shooting a sudden spray of water in about a 40-60 foot wide path as it turns and it is motion sensor activated . It does n't use much water at all ... more like a pulsing lawn sprinkler that shoots only about three seconds at a time but just enough to startle whatever is in it 's path . An added benefit is it also keeps the grackles and jays from flying into our thistle feeders which are behind the ` scarecrow ' and it does n't affect the smaller songbirds . What a great invention and WELL worth the money !!!!!
 We bought this Contech CRO101 Scarecrow Motion Activated Sprinkler in conjunction with the Nite Guard Solar NG-001 Predator Control Light . We had to re-plant our gardens two times because of the Raccoon and Deer damage . Once we installed both these items our problem was solved !!! We have had NO critters in the gardens since !!! So glad we decided to buy these items !! Highly recommend !!
 My house sits on a half acre , and two of my neighbors like to feed the feral cats.Needless to say they eat their food at my neighbors backdoors and use my property as a litterbox . They have ruined my grass , bushes , and sprayed on the sides of my house.I bought two of these Scarecrows and could ` nt believe it ! They actually work ! The cats are all but gone.The trick is to move them to different spots every week or two . They work so well that I am planning on buying two more.These are well worth the money!P.S . I have read where other people comlpained about water entering the battery compartment.So I used some duct tape on the battery compartment door and it keeps the water from getting into the batteries .
 First let me say that this thing works . It keeps away critters of any magnitude . I live in an area with a high population of garden eating critters -LRB- Rabbits , Mice , Deer , Racoons , etc -RRB- This worked like a charm . I say worked because three months after buying it , the device stopped working . Sad but true . I am reaching out to Contech to see if they will replace it for me but I highly doubt it . I will update this if I am pleasantly surprised.Update
 These Scarecrow sprinklers are Great ! They assemble easily , seem very sturdy , and have sufficient power to give a good burst -LRB- at the deer in our case -RRB- . It does take some fiddling to get them set just right and it really requires two people , one setting the crow and the other serving as target . It works well on deer and humans!Note , if you must place them in a lower elevation on your lot , in order to aim them at your garden space , you will have to tilt them back slightly to accommodate the slight rise in lot elevation ... Otherwise the infrared beam will aim into the ground and will not trigger-and you will think the product is defective.Another tip-when these babies go off , they jerk backward from the force of the blast of water . We found that attaching them to a metal fence stake with Gorrila tape and then setting the stake firmly in the soil stabilized the unit . If you do this , remember to leave clearance for the sprinkler head to clear the stake-We found that empty cartridges left from silicone caulk or construction glue worked perfectly . We attached the cartridge to the stake -LRB- in the concave side of the stake -RRB- and then mounted the crow to the front of the cartridge and wrapped the whole unit in Gorilla tape . To make sure the head does n't blow back into the stake , we used empty soda cans crosswise with slight indentation between the device and the stake-this holds the head sufficiently away from the stake , and yet can be molded easily to get at the control on the back side of the device . Then we spray painted the mounting black to match the crow.Also , I recommend picking up extra hose washers at your hardware or big box store to make absolutely certain the connection to the hose does n't leak and the alternative side plug cap stays tight . Otherwise , it can blow off and cause water to pour right through the other side , swamping your lawn and increasing your water bill !
 I read many of the reviews before purchasing the Scarecrow motion activated sprinkler . I decided to risk the purchase . First of all , the price is very competitive . I have seen these selling for upwards of $ 80 in retail outlets . It assembles easily , and although it is entirely made of plastic , the joints all use high quality O-rings and washers , and I experienced no leaks after assembly . I did not have to use teflon tape or multiple washers as some reviews reported . It uses one 9 volt battery.After assembly , it is adjustable for sensitivity , and also for the radius of the spray and the distance of the spray . The latter adjustment is a rotary knob on the top of the sprinkler that adjusts the spray up or down . Not only does it spray a hefty jet of water when triggered , it makes enough noise to startle an animal as well.I have a problem with the wild rabbits eating the succulents that I planted . It is too soon to know if this will control the rabbits , as I have only had it running for about a week . I chose not to put a timer on it , as I 'm sure the rabbits will dine 24/7 if allowed to , but you can put a timer in the line so it only works at night , for example.My overall impression is such that I gave it 5 stars because it works exactly as advertised . It remains to be seen if it will deter the rabbits .
 I bought this recently when my new neighbors cats decided that my veggie garden would make a good litterbox . After wasting my time and money on motion activated lights and noisemakers that the cats ignored , I stuck a Scarecrow in the yard and my problems went away overnight . The cats wander in , get blasted , and run away unhappy . My neighbor even came over and had the audacity to COMPLAIN that I was squirting her cats ! As an added bonus , the Scarecrow also chases off the birds that have been nibbling at my berry bushes and strawberries for years . The only thing it does n't chase off is my dog , who takes almost as much pleasure in setting it off as my four year old son does!The Scarecrow does have a couple of minor annoyances . First , it 's very easy to forget that it 's there , and you 'll need to warn any visitors to your property about it . I 've been blasted a few times and laughed it off , but my exterminator did n't find it the experience nearly as funny as I did . Also , the Scarecrow does suffer from quite a few `` false alarms '' . A breeze causing nearby bushes to sway will set it off , as will insects crawling on or near the motion sensor . The brief blast does n't waste much water , but I had to reposition mine twice to find a spot that was n't bothered by a lot of `` bush noise '' . Next , you WILL need to check your local laws and make sure you 're not violating any outdoor watering regulations . I live in an area with strictly enforced outdoor watering regulations , and was quickly visited by a code enforcement officer for `` watering '' on no-water days -LRB- I suspect that the cat lady complained -RRB- . The code officer was fascinated by the Scarecrow and we spent quite a bit of time discussing and playing with it -LRB- he said he was going to buy two for his house ! -RRB- , but he did state that it was a violation to turn it on during a no-water day . I ended up coupling mine to a valve timer to disable it on no-water days . Cat 's do n't know their days of the week , and wo n't know when the Scarecrow is active and when it 's not . That cost a bit more money , but it beat racking up $ 75 fines.Finally , this does have an impact sprinkler head on top , and they are notorious for splashing water everywhere ... including BEHIND them . My garden is near a patio , and I could n't put the Scarecrow anywhere near it without getting everything wet . If this is a problem for you , there 's another possibility
 I bought this product to keep the squirrels from eating the vegetables and digging in the pots on my deck . Without it , they would ruin the plants in no time.The Scarecrow works flawlessly at this task but it has a tendency to go off as the wind is blowing when it sees the movement of the trees . If Contech could improve the circuitry to solve that issue , I could give it 5 stars . Resetting the range of the motion sensor so it does n't trip in the wind allows the squirrel to sneak onto the deck.There is a now a mounting bracket sold separately -LRB- #CROBRACKET -RRB- that helps you mount it onto a post . This item should come with the kit.Although it would n't prevent me from giving the product 5 stars , it would be nice if there was a remote that could disable the sprinkler so I do n't get soaked by it . Even using something like the Nelson 56620 would still send out a stream of water until the residual pressure subsided .
 I have an idiot neighbor that believes in the notion of `` outdoor cats '' . Ever since I got this , no more dig marks in my landscaping ! And no more having to run out the door with a spray bottle.The only reason I didnt give it the max amount of stars is because there were a couple times the sensor did n't work .
 Our 1 acre garden is for our family and 6 others . Fences and other methods do n't seem to keep the deer out , so I was eager to try this item . I was a little skeptical upon arrival -LRB- the sprinklers did n't look like the ones in the picture , they are all green and black -RRB- , however they perform amazingly . When we 're not using them in the garden , the kids are having a ball running through them . We even used it for a practical joke planting it next to the garage . The greatest part is that it has multiple settings . It does n't spray like a normal sprinkler , it goes wild . The noise of the sprinkler moving alone scares the deer . Well worth the money and the shipping was fast . I will be ordering two more . Sorry deer !
 This items seems to work as advertised , set up on 2 parts of the yard , and the deer have not been able to get passed a certain point . You can see the flowering plants that have been nipped on , but only until the unit activates . Only thing that has worked so far , now we have lillys with flowers with out being eaten to the ground .
 I grow veggies and fruit a narrow but long side yard . Squirrels have been chewing up my persimmons and zucchinis , while the neighbors ' cat been using my shredded redwood mulch as litter . The Scarecrow has been up for 4 days now and the critter situation has been abated.My only complaint is that the stake that came w / the item is very short , such that after a day 's use the recoil forces kind of loosen it . We installed the Contech ScareCrow brackets today , should help hold it better in place.Similar to other reviews , I noticed the unit leaking water , but only when it 's connected to the stake . When connected to the hose directly for use w / the bracket , it 's fine .
 Had 10 cats living in my front yard all night long , all over my cars , bushes , front porch , well you know . Tryed a few things with no luck , came across the Scarecrow on Amazon and gave it a shot , WOW ! this thing really works and my problem is solved . I set it up about 15 feet in front of my cars and as soon as the sun set here comes the first victim of the `` SCARECROW '' , , , , , , BAM !!! water shoots a short burst -LRB- about 5 sec -RRB- got him , so he runs under the car , waits a few and steps out from the back of car , , , , , , BAM !!!! gets him again . I LOVE THE SCARECROW ... It 's a nice feeling to own my yard again , so I ordered a few more to cover the rest of the front yard and the back flower beds . You better get yours before the cats have them outlawed .
 Yes this thing works very well . You may will continue to scare yourself for weeks until you remember that you left it on . Its very funny watching cats too . The sensor lets you get in range and then gives it to you every time - Water that is . And its easy to set and forget . This product works better than expected and still runs off the same battery -LRB- s -RRB- ? that we started with . It was months ago so I ca n't remember what type . 5 Stars . .
 Just received this sprinkler yesterday , so far we LOVE it . It covers our 450 sq ft garden perfectly and goes off whenever anyone even enters the back yard . We had problems with many cats thinking this big dirt area was THEIR cat box . Not Anymore !! Love that we did n't have to fence off the garden or put up electical wire again this season . Cats do NOT like the noise it makes , let alone that they will get wet if they set foot in the garden again .
 This is the second one I 've purchased . Neighborhood cats were using my backyard as a litter box . Tried old gardener 's tricks as well as products sold in stores but nothing really worked . When I setup the Scarecrow I cleaned all the existing droppings to make sure I could see if this was working or not . Sure enough days , then weeks went by without any new cat waste.After about a month I moved it to my flower bed in my front yard . Same result , no more waste . After about another month they started using the bathroom in my backyard again which only reinforced how effective this product is . Bought another one so both yards are covered.Sad you have to spend money to prevent your neighbor 's pets from using your property as a bathroom . The only thing worse than these cats are their irresponsible owners but I guess it is what it is . Bottom line is it gets the job done , so 5 stars for dependable product performing as advertised.TIP
 This item was purchased to discourage one of our dogs from stirring things up with the neighbor dogs along the fence , and to this end it has been very effective . My only complaint is that the stake is plastic , and since our soil has a lot of clay in it , it 's pretty hard to get it down into the ground . I would have paid more for a sturdier metal stake .
 This product WORKS !!! I live in an urban area with a LOT of deer that are not afraid of humans . They love to eat my beatutiful flowers and shrubs , year round . After losing almost all my daylily blooms & blossoms to hungry deer one night -LRB- considering we had sprayed everything with the smelly stuff first -RRB- , I decided it was WAR on deer and purchased the scarecrow . The blossoms that had n't been eaten managed to bloom undisturbed , and they no longer use my yard as a path to destruction at the neighbors ' houses . I will be purchasing a 2nd unit to protect the plants in the backyard as well . Nothing is easier or more convenient to use than the scarecrow . Also works to keep dogs/cats from toileting in places they should n't .
 We have used the product for 8 years . This recent purchase was to replace existing units that wore out . The scarecrow is the only product we have found that the deer will respect . In the Black Hills of SD the deer population in town is very dense and if you do not have this product protecting your perennials they will be gone in a night .
 This scarecrow works . I had tried about everything to get the deer out of my garden and since the first night I put it out the deer have not come back . Works about as advertised as it sprays a quick jet of water when the heat sensor is activated . If you have a larger garden might need a couple of these since it can only `` see '' in a 180 degree angle . But the sprayer comes equipped where you can link two or more on the same hose line .
 The scarecrow works just as advertised . Easy to set up , and the sensitivity dial works well . My neighbors have been `` surprised '' by it a few times , which is fine . I do n't want them traipsing through my yard anyway ! And our cat problem seems to be going away . I like to move it around the yard so the cats do n't learn to avoid it .
 After a young buck and his mate decided to take up residence in our backyard because we had so many delicious plants and shrubs I decided to take action and get a motion activated sprinkler in hopes of saving the landscaping . I initially was drawn to another brand but after reading the reviews decided to buy the Contech Scarecrow model.Our house is U-shaped in the back and we have fountain in the center of the U-shaped area which also draws a certain amount of wildlife . I think this is the ideal setup for a motion sprinkler as you have a specific area to protect and the entry into the U-shaped area can be covered easily by the sprinkler . I adjusted the arc and distance and sensitivity and it has worked great at convincing Mr.Deer to move his abode elsewhere . The sprinkler is set at one corner of the house and does not go off and does not reach our rear patio and fountain area . It just protects the `` entry '' path area and for that purpose works great . I have seen our cat `` hightail '' it a couple of times when we first installed it but he has learned quickly not to go back too far in the yard . The unit is well made and easily installed as we have a water tap about 2 feet from the unit . Recommended highly .
 Sounds silly but I love my scarecrow . We have bunnies , birds , squirrels and deer and I 've seen a raccoon around too ... I woke up at 4 a.m. to my watch cat running around the house fur flared and pointing towards the front of our house -LRB- location of our veggie garden -RRB- to see a deer approaching what it thought was its breakfast buffet . It approached the garden so cautiously and then voila - the sudden spray and it lept backwards into the brush , retreating for another attack . The deer carefully approached the garden from the side and again - scarecrow to the rescue - the deer ran off and our numeours tomatoes and peppers were saved ! I 'm thinking I should have a second one as a backup or to perhaps protect my tulips next year which are in a different location ! My husband and I love this little techno creature !
 I use the scarecrow to keep cats away from my yard . Is better than anything else I have try in the past . Do n't waste your time and money on sprays or ultrasound . They do n't work .
 Scarecrow works on deer , dogs , cats and birds , not so good for squirrels or raccoons they get used to it and do n't mind being soaked .
 Neighborhood dogs constantly doing their business in my yard ... the water scarecrow put an end to that !!!
 Scarecrow works as promised . Nice to have a no-chemical response to foraging deer . -LRB- Do n't forget to turn it off before doing yard work ... -RRB-
 The water scarecrow does a fantastic job of keeping animals and moths out of our garden .
 The motion-activated sprinkler works as described in the advertising . I have had no evidence of Blue Herons visiting my fishpond , as I had before . There has been some evidence of racoons messing about at the edge of the pond , but it looks as if they were only there briefly and knocked over a rock or a plant pot , but that 's all.You are advised to move the sprinkler occasionally , so the animals wo n't just get used to it . I 'm thinking about buying a couple more , putting them in series , and then leaving them without moving them , on the assumption that raccoons will get a blast from an unpredictable angle.Four out of five stars because it runs only on a battery and ca n't be hooked up to a permanent electrical wire , and because of the need to move it from time to time . But a worthwhile addition to my pond .
 This device really works pretty well . Sometimes when it is REALLY hot , it seems to not work as well . I 'd suggest putting it in a large pot with rocks to get some height on it . I probably could use one more for the configuration of my yard , but it covers a pretty wide range as it is . I bought a hose and double hose bib to dedicate to the device . Or , I could have used the nice quick release provided if we had quick release on our hose , but my husband does n't like to use sprayers for some reason . The company could use a standard fitting on the device that makes it easier to hook up to the hose so you just screw the ring thing instead of having to twirl the entire device to screw it on . Other than that , it is as advertised . I 'm working on a game for the kids that visit-something between `` statue maker '' and `` capture the flag '' !
 the scarecrow keeps deer away from my roses and thats as hard to do as it comes . been using for 3 months
 Installed two Scarecrows yesterday afternoon . Installation was easy , everything worked right - no problems.The neighbor reported that their dog -LRB- the reason for the purchase -RRB- started to lope into my yard today to do his business -- then ran the opposite direction once the Scarecrow detected him and started the spraying.Hurrah !
 Contech Electronics Scarecrow Motion-Activated Sprinkler #CRO 101/CRO102outstanding . watched it work on three separate occasions . assemble with TEFLON TAPE for no leaks . worth the money .
 This works like a charm !!! No smelly chemicals to keep the deer away from Roses and Hydrangeas any longer .
 We purchased the scarecrow to stop the Blue Heron 's from eating our Koi fish in our pond . We tried an owl , plastic heron -LRB- moved to different locations frequently -RRB- and nothing worked . UNTILL -- we purchased the scarecrow . It has been great and no fish missing . I must say my grand-kids also love it to run through and make it squirt them . Teriffic product .
 I 've had this product for the last five years however my grandchildren got a hold of it and broke it so i bought two this time . It really keeps the deer out of my garden and is well worth the price . Highly recommended if you have an animal problem in your garden .
 So we stuck it in oour lawn facing our garden and had fun tresting it cuz we got ALL wet . We tossed the cats into the range too just to see if something smaller would set off the crow ... YUP LOL . I just wish there was more sensing area -LRB- greater angle -RRB- so it would catch the critters -LRB- cats , birds , damn chickens -RRB- before the even got close to the garden . I still have to recultivate my garden and seed , that will be the true test . I sure hope the critters dont get use to it and come anyway , kind of like my rottweiler who loves to set it off and atck the water stream!She will chase it and try to drown in the stream . Maybe I 'll buy one just for the dogs to play with in the hot Hawaii weather ! OHHH i know I 'll buy a third one to get the door solicitors too !!!!
 I love this product . I have had it for several years now and every spring when the deer come to munch on all of my flowers I put this out and have no more problems . It runs on a 9volt battery and I put the hose on a timer for the times when they come and it works great every time . Keeps cats out of the flower beds as well . Now when a cat walks down the street the go to the other side of the street and stay out of my yard so they do n't get sprayed . It is also a more humane way to deter animals than using hot pepper spray .
 This thing really works to keep the cats out of the plants and has a nice side effect of occasional watering !
 I bought the scarecrow about 6 months ago . The product really does work . Deer were eating tomatoe plants but after installing the scarecrow the tomatoe plants grew untouched without the protection of a fence . The only downside is that I need to shut it off when it gets windy becasue it senses leaf movement which triggers the spraying .
 1 -RRB- It worked and I 'd highly recommend it . I had severe deer problems in the garden , got it , and then there was about zero deer problems . A week before frost , I removed it and in three days the tops of my green beans were GONE ! 2 -RRB- Four stars , because it was delivered with a nicked wire that actually broke while it was in use -LRB- Before purchase I read a few folks who recieved bad units - so maybe there 's a little quality control issue with it -RRB- .3 -RRB- Some other reviews mention that it 's a lot of cheap looking plastic for a fair chunk of change . Yep , it 's plastic , and I wish it was sturdier , but what is n't plastic these days , and right or wrong , this is a product that you 'd sort of expect to be a few extra bucks .4 -RRB- I only had this for about two months , BUT , the 9V battery was still working fine -LRB- somewhat in conflict with some other reviews . -RRB- 5 -RRB- I kept this thing on maximum sensitivity and it did seem to SOMETMES go off every time a leaf dropped -LRB- a complaint I read before buying -RRB- . But IMO , it was n't excessive . Yeah , I got sprayed a few times , but I 'm thinking it was doing what it is supposed to do , and the green beans were very good according to ME AND NOT THE DEER ! 6 -RRB- Instead of using the small-looking plastic stake that comes with it or the overly-expensive plastic mounting bracket , I got creative and used my own stand
 The Scarecrow motion detector works great ! No more critters roaming around in the garden ! I suspect it was deer or raccoons . Whatever it was ate all my beans before I decided to buy the Scarecrow . Since I installed it the beans have grown back and I 'm planning on peas for the winter garden . I just wish I had purchased this a long time ago . I probably would have saved my fish pond too which was ravaged by some critters on a regular basis.The Scarecrow is very responsive and shoots water for a long distance . I sometimes forget it 's on and get wet !
 We had Raccoons and Herons and Cats all hanging out around our pond . Not for sure this is what is doing the trick however we 've had it in place for a month now and the planters in the pond that kept getting knocked over have n't . Only problem I 've found is that when I come home from work I always like to waltz by the pond and look for fish . I keep forgetting about this thing and it has nailed me every time ! : ~ -RRB-
 After deer destroyed my wife 's garden over the space of three short nights , we invest in a scarecrow . It was easy to assemble and install and worked perfectly . As long as it is on , it keeps the filthy beasts out of our garden . One caveat
 Positives of this scarecrow are that it gives the extended family a lot of laughter every time we forget it 's there or are doing yardwork and get sprayed by an unexpected jet of water . The miniature dachshund also loves to attack it -- setting the nozzle off which makes her bark and growl even more insanely at it.It has NOT , however , kept a great blue heron from taking fish from our koi pond . Just this morning I found yet another speared -LRB- but not eaten -RRB- very large dead goldfish laying on the lawn nearby -- seemingly captured by the heron and then abandoned . Since this is the third fish we 've lost since installing the scarecrow -- I would suggest it might scare the bird away from consuming all the fish , after it steals one fish , but it does not keep it away altogether .
 There is a cat in the neighborhood that kept ripping up my garden and using it as its litter box . I tried several things and could n't get it to stop . Not only was it unhealthy and gross , but he was killing plants ! He kept digging them up -LRB- I lost two watermelon plants to uprooting -RRB- . I got two of these and he has n't been back since . I 've only had it up for about 2 weeks , but he was coming back nightly , no matter what I did . Thank you , thank you , thank you !!
 As the title says , I bought this mainly to keep the cats from digging out my plants and pooping in my garden . It works . Totally worth the money to me . I put it in the corner of my garden . It has adjustable levels of sensitivity so it wo n't sense me walking 20 feet away and the sprinkler can be adjusted to it does n't spray the fence on the sides . When it turns on , it is pretty noisy , so even without spraying the trespassers , it scares them by sound . It only stays on for a few seconds so it does n't soak my garden or waste a lot of water . LOVE IT !
 The device is effective and works as described by the manufacturer . I hold back one star though , as the motion detector is not consistent in its response , and thus could be improved upon .
 This is the only thing that really keeps the deer away . Other chemical repellents just do n't seem to work all the time.Only negative is having to keep the water pressure on hoses .
 Purchased to deter squirrels from feeders , sheds , etc. . Then purchased 2 more because it worked so well . I am now keeping deer & rabbits from my garden , squirrels away from my feeders , a family of skunks were quickly driven away from my barn and that `` pesky '' raccoon who keeps going after my trash & fish pond is a thing of the past . I have spent SOOOO much money on sprays & such & here was the answer . Not too mention it is great fun to watch them RUN !! Product works as advertised . Only one complaint is the spike that goes into the ground does not secure it well & sometimes the force of the sprayer knocks it over . Adapted it to fit into a pipe sunk in ground & now no problem !!!
 I have had cats problems for over three years , because of a neighbor next to me , would feeds them and the town could n't do anyhting about it . I got tired of having cat poop in my yard and flower beds and having cats on our porch waking us up in the middle of the night . So I google `` cat problems '' and came up with some solutions . One of them was this `` scrawcrow '' water system . Once , we put it in , the cats stopped going into our yard and porch . I have seen it work and it is fun watching the cats run away . So we went to our neighbor who lives on the other side of this `` cat '' house , and had the same cat problem and told them about what we did . Now both of us have no more cat problems . It is worth the money .
 For years I have been battling deer destroying my garden and shrubbery . This is the first product that comes close to actually preventing the deer from destroying my plants . I definitely recommend this product .
 I already have one scarecrow installed near my fish pond . I have reason to belive that there is a creature trying to get at my fish . The water lilies have been torn up pretty bad but the fish have not been touched . I am buying another scarecrow to aim it from a different direction to see if between the two of them I can discourge any further damage to the plants . I also have a soound motion detector and a spot light motion detector . I am trying very hard to scare what ever it is away . Time will tell .
 It works , it works ! We have as many as 20 deer in our oversized yard at one time and they all seem to find every flower and vegetagble . We have tried sprays , and fences designed to keep them away and neither works . We have tried plants that keep them away and they simply eat them . We have tried plants they do n't like , evidently no one told them . This handy device is already training them to take another path and stay away . We bought two initially and are considering a few more to cover a greater area . With a 15 foot range -LRB- a 30 foot diameter -RRB- ; positioning them in the deers typical paths we keep them out of much larger areas . It works on deer , squirrels , rabbits and birds , and us humans too if we cross its path before turning it off.It is not the cheapest device , but it does work and works very well , making it very affordable in the long run . When they arrived only one worked . After cleaning some packing lubicant off of the battery contacts both were up and running .
 We have struggled to keep deer out of the flower beds . Since installing this a month ago there have been no losses to the deer . Great product !
 This device is very good and works as advertised . In just a couple of days we noticed it successfully deterred the neighbourhood cats from using our garden as a toilet
 I bought this product to keep the deer away . I have used numerous things on my flowers without success , I was tired of having my flowers gobbled up by those nuisance deer . They may be pretty but certainly can do a lot of damage to my flower garden . Since I set up the scarecrow I have not had another flower eating attack . Even the squirrels have mostly stayed away , no holes in my flower garden . I put it on at night , turn the water on and turn it up to about 6 sensitivity , its been working well . I turn the water off and turn the sensitivity off through the day . The deer come at night . So far I 'm pleased with it .
 I love my Scarecrow and it works great to keep away the deer from my vegetable gardens . However , we have a LOT of wind in Northern Nevada and the slightest movement from a tree branch or other ground greenery sets it off . I am constantly replacing batteries . I 'm afraid to set the sensitivity lower as I do n't want it to miss any critters around my garden . How about a Scarecrow that runs on solar power ? I think I will get on the Contech website and suggest this although I 'm sure that it will raise the price considerably .
 I 'd just like to add my two cents about this great product . It does work great and keeps the deer at bay -LRB- as long as you remember to turn it on -RRB- . But one day I was backing up a truck load of dirt and inadvertently ran over it breaking the sprinkler part . No problem , I just unscrewed the sprinkler from the motion detector base and threw it away . Then I purchased a generic -LRB- i.e. cheap -RRB- oscillating sprinkler from a local discount store for $ 2 , unscrewed the sprinkler from its spike and screwed it onto the Scarecrow . Works like a charm!I only gave it four stars because it seems that over the years -LRB- eight to be exact -RRB- , the motion detectors got a little screwy , going off when it should n't and not going off when it should . Currently , one of mine cycles on constantly even on the lowest setting - until I turn it off - making it useless . I emailed Contech who said
 We have used this scarecrow on our gardens for the past 8 years . The deer poplulation here on our mountain is large to say the least . After about a month of dry weather , the deer turn away from their browse and search out fertilized , watered , green growth in the local gardents . My garden is about 40 feet by 20 feet , so I hook up two of these at opposite corners . I mount them on T posts about 4 - 5 feet off the ground . Occasionally , you will see where the deer have stuck their necks over the boundaries and snipped at a okra plant , a pea plant , or a tomato plant . THAT IS ALL . Once they get blasted by that water and hear the sound it makes , they stay away . This product really does work . It is less expensive than a electric fence . It is a lot less of a hassle than putting up a fence . If you have some garden hose and some of those plastic quick connects , it becomes a very simple process to use . My father in law down the road finally installed 2 of these in his garden ... no more deer problem . Everyone that I have told about these things is a believer in how effective they are in protecting their plants .
 We live in the desert so not many people have grass in their yards , however we do . Because of this we attract colonies of rabbits and they are killing our yard and eating everything I try grow . I recently planted some clover seed to fill in the patches of grass their urine has killed , but the whole task would be useless had I not found the Scarecrow sprinkler . I 'm happy to report this has almost completely solved our problem . We have been keeping the sprinkler pointed towards the section we are repairing and the clovers are coming in undisturbed . However , there are blind spots as the sprinler can not see off to the sides very well . Now the rabbits are hanging around the other half of our yard . Solution - we will definately be getting another one of these for the other half . One annoying thing about the Scarecrow is they didnt include a ring to were you attach the hose to make attaching and unscrewing easier ; you have to twist the entire sprinkler around making lining up the threads kind of a pain . Regardless this is has been the best rabbit repellent I could find . I highly recommend the Scarecrow !
 I live in Minnesota and up here we have deer , lots and lots of deer . And like any animal they eat , and of course they choose everything in my flower garden . While searching for humane ways to deal with them I ran across this product and I would now like to share my experiences with it.First , let me describe the device . It is about two-and-half feet tall and is black in color . You have the option of putting the scarecrow sticker on if you want , I left it off . It connects to a standard hose and gives you the option of attaching another hose in series . Now I 'll list the pros and cons.Pros :1 -RRB- The sensor is very good . I 'd say at its finest setting the sensor picks up anything up to about eighty feet .2 -RRB- You can adjust the sensor from eighty feet down to about ten feet in front of it .3 -RRB- Once activated the sprinkler is loud , sure to scare most animals with the noise itself .4 -RRB- The sprinklers aim is set high to reach as far out as your water pressure can deliver .5 -RRB- The sprinkler quickly shuts down after activating . It runs maybe 3-5 seconds per cycle.Cons :1 -RRB- As mentioned above , the spray distance is relative to your homes water pressure . I have well water that is set to about fifty pounds . This lower pressure limits the distance of the spray down to about twenty-five feet or so . If you have city water you should have higher pressure and more reach with your spray .2 -RRB- The purpose of the sprinkler is to keep it out for a long time in order to scare animals away ; if the piece of land you are trying to chase animals off is a ways away from your house or the water outlet you may need to run your hose across the grass -LRB- and anyone knows if the hose sits too long the grass turns yellow and dies -RRB- . Something to keep in mind since you would have to keep moving the hose or run it away from the grass you want to keep.A good product that does what it advertises . No more deer , and even the meter readers make for a good laugh.Recommended .
 If you are having problems with dogs or cats in your flower beds , this product is the way to go . I was having problems with the neighbor 's dogs and cats , as well as two cats that just decided to live with us . I purchased this item about a month ago and already have moved it to another location as the critters do not care to walk even close to where it was originally placed . As a matter of fact , our dogs had to go by the flower bed where the scarecrow was first placed to get out into the yard from the house . They would stand on the porch and only go past the flower bed when convinced they needed to do so . They went in a dead run and had to be let back into the house from the garage because they did not want to get sprayed on the way back in . Plus , it is good comic relief to see them meander into the spray zone for the first time or two !
 I had a blue herring who wiped out about 40 of my Koi . There was nothing I could do , while at work , he was just feasting on them all day . I only have 14 left , but I bought 2 scarecrows and put them on each end of my pond . I have not seen him since , it has been approximately a month . Yeah !!! These things really work .
 I LOVE THE SCARECROW BUT BE CAREFUL-I GUARENTEE THAT YOU WILL GET WET WHEN YOU FIRST SET IT UP . IT HAS WORKED BETTER THAN ANYTHING ELSE I HAVE TRIED TO PROTECT MY PLANTS FROM THE DEER.I 'M GLAD I COULD ADJUST THE DIRECTION BECAUSE MY NEIGHBOR DID N'T LIKE GETTING WET WHEN THEY PASSED BY IN THEIR YARD SO I ADJUSTED IT SO IT 'S JUST IN MINE .
 Product is effective and arrived in a timely fashion . Have 6 of them now and they are the only method we have found that works to keep the deer out of our flowers .
 This is the only thing that has worked to protect our vegetable garden . The squirrels would dig the corn up the night we planted it , even digging through netting , until we tried the scarecrow . When the battery first died it only took the neighbor 's cats 2 days to start pooing again , but none since the battery change , I 'll need to keep up on that !
 This product works very well and does what it is intended to do . However , YOU MUST NOT PUSH DOWN ON THE SENSOR HEAD WHEN INSERTING THE SPIKE IN THE GROUND ! The connecting point between the sensor head and the stake is plastic and VERY WEAK.If you push too hard on the sensor head it will snap off the mounting stake . The parts involved are proprietary and not easily replaced . If you are handy , you can cobble together a few odd plumbing parts to fix it but it is better not to break it in the first place . Follow the instructions and push the spike into the ground using the footrest at the bottom of the stake .
 This is a great product and it works very well ; perhaps a little too well . It goes on as my corn dances in the breeze . BUT ... it does keep the neighborhood cats out of my garden , along with the presents they leave , and that makes me very happy .
 This product works great against deer . I turned it off weeks ago and deer still wo n't go near my garden.I have no idea how it may work with other critters .
 the most effective and efficient way to keep deer off your garden . I have used them all and this seems to be the best and longest working way to keep the deer away . I have one at the front gate and it has kept the deer from coming in the yard since I activated it at the beginning of spring .
 We live in an urban area that is overrun by deer . Our landscaping was really taking a beating . The deer were eating the roses , azaleas , and even our purple coneflowers . We had planted plenty of deer resistant plants but I guess someone forgot to tell the deer they were not something they they were supposed to like . Doing our research we came across this odd looking beast . We decided to give it a try and have been very pleased . It took a while to get our motion setting adjusted so it would n't activate on passing cars or people . It is now on every evening and since installation we have had no more deer problems . We have even added some deer `` candy '' plants to our yard with no problems . We are currently considering ordering an additional one to cover another flower bed in progress . By the way if you do n't put the decals on it , the scarecrow does not look so odd .
 Although they are expensive , and seem to go through the batteries fairly quickly , THEY WORK ! I have the most wonderful , poofy , and poopable soil , in most cats opinion , and they wrecked my garden last year . I got one of these sprinklers before starting the garden this year , and it worked well on the first small area I cultivated , so I got another before tilling the rest . I have not seen one single cat pile . Together , they guard an area approx 55 ' X 40 ' I leave the sensitivity nearly at the top , and so far the cats stay out , the toddler stays out , and I have n't even had trouble with birds -LRB- fingers crossed -RRB- . My garden is nicer , and my stress level is a lot lower . I highly recommend these , and if they last -LRB- we will see ... it 's only been two months -RRB- they were worth the high acquisition cost .
 This item works so wonderfully . We 've recently had some neighborhood cats wandering about , unfortunately making quite the mess on our patio . -LRB- We have catnip planted there for our own indoor cats which I 'm sure has attracted them . -RRB- The ScareCrow does n't hurt the kitties , but they no longer come on our property . If you have a similar problem , do n't delay . This is a great product ; is easy to install and does n't take up much room . -LRB- Just remember to turn it off when you 're going onto your own property or you 'll get a wet surprise ! -RRB-
 I set up the Contech Scarecrow in our front yard , where daily many deer walk by . It 's been effective in keeping deer from stopping in the yard in front of it , and I 've even noticed that many of the deer now avoid that area . The big bucks usually just act irritated as they go through , but do n't stop for long . So , it 's been somewhat useful to keep the deer away , and certainly entertaining to watch . I 'll get another one for our back yard next summer .
 We tried everything to keep the deer out of our veggies , from lights to really smelly pesticides , fox urine , & other chemicals that were always washed away by the sprinklers . The Scarecrow works as advertised , have had to replace the battery twice , seem to last about two months with a high sensitivity setting . The garden is `` protected '' by fishing line every 12-18 inches up to more than 6 feet , which the deer learned pretty quick to just jump over . Since they can not see the lines , I think they just made sure they cleared the top of the corner posts.After setting up the Scarecrow , the second night the deer jumped in , got blasted , and left fishing line trailing out behind them ! Have n't been back in the garden since , but they have found our roses and other flowers - we will be ordering a couple more Scarecrows !
 I have spent a fortune on products claiming to deter cats and non have worked including all the internet suggestions like citrus and garlic . My neighbors let their cats and dogs roam the neighborhood and my landscape -LRB- colored mulch -RRB- has become their litter box . This product is amazing and I did n't think cats were that smart -LRB- to remember getting wet ! -RRB- Of course I got wet several times myself in the process of adjusting . After using for a few days the cats moved to the opposite side of my property and left their little bundles . So I moved the unit over to that side and they have n't been back since . Amazing and easy to use . Will take a little patience to get it adjusted correctly .
 It really works ! I watched as the deer walked into the area and were quickly scared off . You need to fiddle with the sensor are bit to get just the right setting . If there are plants in the sensor range they will cause it to go off when the wind blows , so keep that in mind when placing it . This winter when they were not installed -LRB- freezing temps -RRB- I watched as the deer would walk the perimeter of the yard and avoid the areas where the sprinklers were placed earlier in the year . One deer actually nibbled an oak tree and kept looking in the area where a sprinkler was placed nearby . The deer evidently remembered it and avoided getting too close . So yes , they work !
 Aside from spraying myself multiple times , I 've loved the Scare Crow . Our problem is deer , who seem utterly unconcerned with the smelly repellent sprays I 've tried , which seemed only to repel other people . The Scare Crow worked much better at scaring them out of the garden . It 's a fine device . But my real reason for writing a review is their customer service . I broke the sprinkler head on one of my Scare Crows , e-mailed Contech to see about getting a replacement , had an immediate and personal reply , and within days had the replacement head -- free because it was under warranty , despite my protestation that it was my clumsiness and I 'd pay . Nice people , good service . We need more of that in the world .
 I added a Nelsom hose water timer to mine so it comes on at night only , the only thing I did not like is the sprinker is on top of the sensor it is too high for what I needed . I solved this by removing the sprinkler and running a hose to the sprinkler then put the sprinker on a low stake to keep it at ground level . . problem solved . I use this for my Koi pond to keep the racoons away at night it works perfect !!
 After dear ravaged my vegetable garden -LRB- did n't know they like jalopeno peppers -RRB- I put up 7 ' fencing , yeah , like that stopped them ! They just mowed it down and continued to enjoy my banner year of peppers . I was desprite and bought this locally - this price is far better , but I could n't wait another night , it was that bad . The first morning after I used it there was signs of water all over the place and my fencing was intact and they have n't been back . No chemicals and simple to use . As for the `` fun '' part - I did n't realize that my neighbors son who parks his car on the other side of my fence was in sensing range and he got a surprise one morning when he went to get in his car ! He laughed and just said it was `` refreshing '' ! Wish I had been there to see it - LOL !!!!
 We had a big problem with all the neighborhood cats using our backyard as a litterbox . We could not a find a way to stop them until now . We bought the Scarecrow about 5 weeks ago and had not one surprise from the cats scince . We can enjoy our backyard again .
 Heard about the scarecrowContech Electronics Scarecrow Motion-Activated Sprinkler #CRO 101/CRO102and felt it was what I needed to help deter the deer we have in our area , from eating the landscape plantings . It was very effective as soon as I hooked it up , since many of the flowering plants that had their blooms eaten began to bloom again . I plan to purchase more for usage in other areas .
 It 's a great product , worth every penny . Worked exactly as described . It did it 's job perfectly -LRB- frightening racoons that were feasting on our expensive koi fish . -RRB-
 I 'm very happy with the scarecrow . It keeps the cats away just as advertised.I had a small problem with setting it up but a guy named Brian at customer service helped me out.He was easy to reach , knowledgable and polite.My opinion-good product , good company .
 Everything about this motion activated sprinker is exactly like the advertisement . It works great too . My fish in my backyard pond are now happy without any predators around to bother them . The only issue I have is with applying the yellow stickers . If you do n't get them just right it can be a hassle . I would think that the mfg would apply these in the process of making this device . I suppose though that this might increase the cost though . The device was delivered and arrived as promised . I would order another one if needed .
 this is just THE BEST guard for the garden . a lot of stray cats used my garden as a toilet and the smell was literally sickening ! NOT ANYMORE ! the Contech Scarecrow really keeps them out in a very humane manner . i 've tried other cat repellents sold by pet shops including `` shake away '' and nothing worked as good as this scarecrow . if you have ornerous cats or other critters off your garden -LRB- without hurting them of course -RRB- you absolutely must try the Contech Scarecrow . believe me u wo n't regret this purchase .
 Scarecrow worked as promised , and I no longer have raccoons or cats befouling my backyard . Just remember to use a reinforced hose as the constant water pressure can ruin a cheap one . I have found , if you do n't need much length , a washing machine hose works great .
 This product was just what I needed . My neighbor 's cats are now going somewhere else , and my koi pond is safe again.Thanks !!!
 Highly recommend this product ! Extremely well made , fully adjustable in many ways , best price , and works extremely well . One caveat ... could n't stop a water leak at the hose connection until I used Teflon tape AND placed a washer inside . -LRB- does not come with one -RRB- Everything I tried , to keep rabbits from destroying my lawn , failed - until now . This is a wonderful solution and is everything it claims to be .
 Finally an environmentally friendly , extremely effective way to keep critters out of the garden . This thing is great . Works extremely well . Great concept , great product . Worth every penny .
 I have had a problem with groundhogs eating my garden for 4 years , and this year , I got the scarecrow , and it has kept them out , almost entirely . I started early when the babies emerged from the den , and the device trained them to go away from the yard . I ca n't wait till fall to see if it keeps deer from rutting in my lawn !!!
 This thing is a lot of fun , it was purchased for animal control as our garden was taking a beating . But , I must admit , it has seen several instances of ` practical jokes ' . It is a fun gadget that seems to do it 's job very well .
 The motion activated sprinkler is exactly what we needed to be able to grow plants and trees in our deer infested yard . I love watching the deer jump away when startled by the sprinkler . I have new growth on my fruit bushes which I was told I would n't be able to plant because of the number of deer in our area . -LRB- The deer practically sleep 6 feet from the house and eat everything in sight -RRB- . I love that it is a humane way to keep the deer away from our plants . The only issue we have is that the motion sensor is so sensitive , sometimes the wind blowing the long grasses can set the sprinkler off - but I look at it as a way to ensure my plants get watered .
 Length :
 It started about 3 Month ago . Our neighbor 's pets -LRB- cats and dogs -RRB- started coming to our front yard to mark their territory . Any one who had to pick up after -LRB- other 's pets -RRB- know the frustration ... . We tried and tried
 The first one of these , which I received as a gift , had a defective sensor . I returned it to the company and am awaiting their response . The one which I bought through Amazon -LRB- to deter heron from my koi pond -RRB- has been working beautifully . I have had mine about 1 month and the 9-volt battery that runs it still seems lively . I have been told that other folks who have one also use it to deter raccoons from eating their fish . It is a simple yet effective device that I recommend to anyone who has had enough of endangered birds/animals eating their outdoor pet fish .
 This is a great solution to keep cats -LRB- or other animals -RRB- away from your yard . It is easy to install and works really well . I installed in my yard and within days , all signs of cats were gone . The knob to adjust the sensitivity of the scarecrow is a bit tricky to calibrate and the sensitivity of the sensor varies with temperature . It took a bit of trial and error to figure out where to set it and prevent a water splash when people or cars are passing . Overall , a great tool and a great solution .
 I absolutely love this item . I placed the scarecrow near my pond to deter the neighborhood pets from going in and destroying my plants , liner and killing my fish . Every day I had the neighbor 's dog go in the pond . After the first spray the dog never came back . I saw the cat get squirted too and he makes the long way around the pond when he is walking in my yard . I would recommend to anyone with problems with neighbor 's dogs and cats . It is a humaine way to stop them from ruining your precious things . It works well . The only problem was it was a little hard to set and I had to run an additional hose to stay attached . Still well worth the cost .
 I bought 2 of these a few weeks back . I installed them both . & since then I have n't had any cat problems anymore . Before I had the scarecrow I had a BIG issue with all the neighbors ' cats that used my backyard as their toilets . Now I do n't see them any more . Thanks to the Scare Crow Sprinkler.I would say that this scarecrow sprinkler is the best `` Cat repellent '' period . 2 thumbs up for this product . A+T hanks.Sincerly , Tony From Sunny South Florida
 My husband purchased the Contech Scarecrow motion-activated sprinkler because he was sick and tired of getting up every morning and finding dog poop on our grass . We do n't own a dog ! After hearing about this product from a friend , he went right to the computer and ordered it . WE LOVE IT ! It 's been operating for the past several months and we have not had ONE pile on our grass since he put it in . It 's very sensitive to movement on the lawn or people walking by on the sidewalk . It gives a good spray for several seconds and makes a slight ticking sound that scares the animals off . We know it wo n't harm the animal , which is important to us , and it wo n't harm the environment . We 've had excellent results and highly recommend this to anyone who is experiencing problems with unwanted animals in their yard .
 We have used the Scarecrow Sprinkler for about 10 yrs now . Most recently we moved out in the country where we were having alot of problems with deer and turkey in our yard . We purchased a few more from Amazon -- they have a great price ! No more turkey in our yard ! The deer now stay on the outskirts of our property . No more problems with them destroying our newly planted trees or garden . The Scarecrow is a great humane and easy way to keep whatever you want out of your yard . It really works !
 I experimented with the sprays and other repellents and they did not resolve my cat and raccoon problems . I was a little skeptical about this until I read the other reviews . The price was decent compared to what retail outlets were charging -LRB- $ 80 -RRB- so I gave it a chance . I hooked everything up the day I received it . The following morning , there were no signs of digging or tracks . This went on for a few nights until one night I forgot to turn the sprinkler on , which was a HUGE mistake on my part . The next morning there were 3 basketball size holes on my new lawn . Since then I was convinced that the Scarecrow works and is the best thing invented to repel animals from the yard . My only complaint is that I wish there was a wider range of motion for the up-down shooting . Also , I used the tip from another reviewer and used some plumbers tape for a tighter seal when putting the sprinkler together . This is a great product !
 This thing works ! Put it in a large potted plant on our deck and the raccoons have stopped leaving deposits . Sure did get wet setting it up , though . : - -RRB-
 We repeatedly lost all of our pond Koi to Heron prior to finding this wonderful contraption . Since then , not one fish in five years has disappeared . Yes , I have to net the pond in April and early May when it is still too cold to hook up the scarecrow . That 's okay . But , this scarecrow is on guard from mid-May through mid-October , and it really does the job . Plus , my pond is adjacent to a wildflower patch that the deer love . This keeps the deer out of my wildflowers , too . So , it does double duty . Every year for five years , I have put in a new battery , hooked it to the hose , and it does the job . What a wonderful , well built product .
 We have n't used any of the other products out there for deterring deer , as we started using this one when we moved to the country and it worked . As long as you hook it up , it scares the deer away with a stream of moving water when the motion sensor detects movement . Ca n't use where it 's windy and trees move a lot for obvious reasons . They hold up well , some we 've had for several years . Additional bonus if you have a dog . Our dog Max loves to attack it , and waits -LRB- there is a 5 second delay between actions -RRB- for it to go off again . Needless to say , he gets soaked , so better to wait till it is hot outside .
 I used the scarecrow to protect my Koi pond from predators . It worked great . Before the Scaredcrow the Heron would just help themselves to my expensive Koi . After the Scarecrow they would sit on the peak of the roof just looking at the pond finally to give up and never come back.I installed it with Funny pipe underground so there was no hose . More of a semi permanent installation.Most pests are detered after several shots of water . The Scarecrow kept a family of Racoons at bay for well over a year . Only one problem ... The battery died and the Racoon family had a feast on 5 of my large Koi ... So keep the batteries fresh and remember the Racoons are smart and determined.I am setting it up today in a different location to keep an annoying Skunk family out of my backyard since I have no more Koi to protect.I am sure it will work fine .
 Plenty of good reviews here , so I will just keep it short . Deer were decimating my garden , bought this , works perfectly.The only thing that I would n't mind seeing in a future model would be a remote to turn it off . Mine is near my house , so I have to set it off , then walk over and turn it off during the 8 second cooldown if I want to get near the garden.TIP
 I purchased the scarecrow because of a unusually high number of deer , groundhogs and rabbits visiting our garden this year . We came home from a 9 day vacation to find our garden totally wrecked and the tops of everything eatten off . It seems to have done the trick and we were able to replant and prosper ! The downside ... make sure it is not too close to the neighbor 's routine of walking the dogs . It has made one of their dogs afraid to come over to our fence line . The upside is that you are able to set the sensitivity and the direction of the spray , and I am thinking of getting a second one for another problem area .
 Execellent product ! Does the job keeping small and large animals away from areas you want to protect.We live near a 150 acre park and the deer are numerous in the park and in our neighborhood . The Scarecrow has done a great job of keeping the deer away from our hosta . I also use a Scarecrow to protect my vegetable garden .
 Bought this for my son-in-law as a gift at his request . He has trouble with birds and deer in the garden area . Works like a charm except the dog is greatly amused and plays in it all day . My husband got quite a surprise once when he forgot it was there or it would get a five star review .
 The contech CRO101 HAS WORKED GREAT TO DETER THE NEIGHBORS CATS FROM MESSING WITH OUR BIRD FEEDER . THE SQUIRLS WERE DETERED AT FIRST HOWEVER THEY DECIDED WET WAS OK IF THEY COULD BE FED .
 The Contech worked great . We had a bad deer problem with them getting into our flower beds . The Scarecrow has kept them out since we hooked it up 2 weeks ago . Hopefully , the deer will stay out until the fall freeze .
 We live at a gated community on Lake Whitney where the deer are free to wander as they please . We enjoy watching them pass by/thru our property , but , when they started to stop and eat all of our Day Lilies , leaves off the peach trees , and green pecans , I knew we had to put a stop to it . The `` Scarecrow '' is perfect !!!! It pops up , shoots out a stream of water at them , fanning back and forth , and runs them off ... it does n't hurt the deer , and in fact , they often stop on the other side of the street , and watch . We 've noticed other critters , such as raccoons , cats , and opossums running too !!!
 The Scarecrow is a great invention . I was having a hard time with other peoples pets using my lawn . It took the mail carrier by suprise when cutting across my lawn he now walks on the sidewalk .
 Deer ate the entire first bloom of my rose garden until I activated the Scarecrow . Now I use one in each of my other garden areas . It works better than fences or spraying with deer repellent .
 I have a huge deer and rabbit problem in my area . I 've tried using sprays and fencing , but after having half my vegetable crop and many of my planted flowers continuously eaten or destroyed this Spring , I decided to purchase the Scarecrow motion activated sprinkler . And so far it has done its job beautifully.The item arrived quickly and in good condition , but it must be noted that it is not exactly the same as shown on the picture . It is completely black with no yellow markings or parts.The sprinkler requires one 9 volt battery and a standard garden hose with a constant water supply . The unit has a screw off cap that can be taken off to daisy chain additional hose/sprinkler units . It also has a dial to control sensor sensitivity.The actual sprinkler unit screws onto a plastic stake , which must be carefully inserted into the ground . Because of the stake 's material , extra care must be made not crack it while driving it into hard or rocky soil . There are two clips on the sprinkler head unit that controls the degree in which the sprayer will rotate , as well as , a spray diffuser that controls the spray height . Be prepared to get a little wet while fine tuning the settings.The hose and cap fittings must be tightened every week or so to keep the unit from leaking . I feel this is inevitable because the plastic unit really was n't made to handle the constant water pressure . Another side effect from the hose constantly being on , is that the standing water in the hose becomes stale . As a result , water sprayed from the unit has a very unpleasant smell . Avoid being sprayed or the smell will stick to your skin and clothes.The sprinkler completes its main purpose of keeping my garden safe from animals . The fact that it works merits its 4 stars . However , the build quality and some of the other minor annoyances listed above keeps it from being perfect . Overall , I recommend this product.PROS :1 -RRB- Keeps garden critters away from your plants2 -RRB- Pesticide free3 -RRB- Cost effectiveCONS :1 -RRB- Plastic material susceptible to breaking2 -RRB- Unit leaks3 -RRB- Stale water smell4 -RRB- Unit is not the same as pictured
 We had purchased one we have had for 6 year ago to help keep out the deer our fruit trees , and it works real good . Wwe only had to change the battery a couple of times . This year we purchase two More to use where my wife has he Rose garden work on this also . Only Thing that would be this Would nice on these if soeme type of timer that you can set to go off only in the late night and early morning that was pemently mounted . We purchased a timer for specifically that an it work prety good . Other wise without a timer you will find your self forgetting to i disarmst it during the daylight hours when your working around the garden and well you gussed it now you know the rest of the story ,
 This product has been a great help to discourage deer from entering out garden . Best money spent on this difficult problem to solve . Highly recommend it .
 Works well to keep the 4 footed creatures out of our flowers , vegetables & hostas . It 's cheaper than replacing plants for the local critter food bank !
 Works real good but even better if you get the watter real hot . I use a air compressor hooked up to a pro-pane heated tank . Man . Now my wife wo n't even talk to me .
 This has worked great for us . We live in a neighborhood where a lot of people walk their dogs and many do not pick up behind them when they poop . Unfortunatley for us , several seemed to favor our yard . Since we set up our scarecrow , out problem has been solved . If a dog comes into the yard , the scarecrow scares it off !
 Deer are very plentiful here and eat everything in the yard . All lilies , hostas , and any other plant except irises . I use two of these in the yard to startle the deer and help some of my plants survive . Have another to put out in another area.Only problem is you have to remember to turn the water off if you are going to walk or work in the area covered by the motion sensor !
 Whenever the dog tries to jump the fence , he gets sprayed about the time he starts to climb over . He is n't getting in the neighbor 's yard anymore . It is so nice !
 Keeps deer from our row of roses . Only problem is forgetting to turn off before we mow and driving by it .
 It was very easy to assemble . Adjusting the motion-activator is easy . It works great for people and for my golden retriever . Rabbits seem to be too small to activate the motion sensor when I adjust it for people or my dog . I am thinking of a second one put in at an angle . Deer have not damaged anything yet .
 I now have 2 Scarecrows in an attempt to keep the deer from eating all the shrubs and flowers in my yard . So far , the deer have stayed away . I 'm hopeful these devices will do the trick . I know they work great in terms of catching my wife and I unaware to give us a good soaking . Here 's hoping they work for the whole season , as far as the deer are concerned . If knowing what I know now in respect to the Scarecrow 's ability to save my stuff , I 'd buy them again .
 So far this is the only thing I have found that will keep the birds and animals away from my pond ! Now I do n't have a net over the pond and they are safe .
 I 'm glad that I went ahead and actually bought this product and took advantage of the free shipping . The Scarecrow is able to notice moving objects -LRB- slow and quick -RRB- from a far distance most likely as advertised and easily releases quick bursts of water from the connected hose . The only problem that i have with the unit and the only reason why it did n't receive five stars is the hose connection valve is not perfect and is not adjustable to high pressure water connections and is susceptible to leaks . Good luck .
 This item works better than expected . I thought there would be too much background movement from foliage and a waterfall for it to work properly . I was wrong . The item was setup without any fuss and it just plain works . Nothing 's getting near my fish pond without a blast in the head.The first item I received direct from Amazon was defective . After calling tech support -LRB- very nice people -RRB- , found out about a bad batch from the factory . They immediately sent a brand new replacement item with no questions asked. : -RRB-
 The scarecrow lived up to promises and performs its job very well indeed . I am quite pleased .
 I 'm interested in purchasing a Scarecrow , but had a question - is the range of motion detection adjustable ? Because I have a small square of grass , no more than 10 ' x 10 ' , that I need covered , not 1000 square feet . Thanks for any help you can give me .
 Little tough to calibrate . I think it got me wet more than the critters :-RRB- but that 's because there 's a sidewalk in close proximity to the `` red zone '' . It works well .
 It is a god sent for the deer that visit my lawn every day . They destroy everything around if the scarcrow is not up and running . I would have given it 5 stars if it could tell me from the ever present deer . Other wise a very Good product .
 I purchased the scarecrow to deter our pet ducks and geese from pooping on our sidewalk and porch , and to keep them from using my wife 's herb garden as their salad bar . The scarecrow was trivially easy to set up and install . The sensitivity settings appear to work pretty well . It was immediately effective . The combination of the noise made by the activation of the spray , and the spray itself , sent them running . I had it set to `` miss '' the sidewalk , but both the Fedex guy and the mailman were startled -LRB- not moistened -RRB- by the thing turning on suddenly . Me -- I got drenched a couple of times when I inadvertently walked across the lawn in front of it . My own fault ... . The bad news
 I received the first Scarecrow back in the middle of April 2010 . Got it set up and it did a great job.However , the day before yesterday -LRB- 5.14.2010 -RRB- I went out to work in the yard and decided to test it . Nothing . Nada . Zilch ! So , it just died . I am combining in my review something that new customers to Amazon need to know about and that is Customer Service . After I found out the Scarecrow bit the big one , I decide to look up the purchase and was able to do a Defective claim right on the website . Before even 15 minutes had elapsed from finding out the Scarecrow was inoperable I had . 1 -RRB- Put in a defective claim . 2 -RRB- Gotten an RMA bar code to include with my shipment back to Amazon AND 3 -RRB- A shipping lable to place on my box . 4 -RRB- Boxed it up with the RMA . Put the shipping label on and was heading out the door . THEE best part was that Amazon went ahead and shipped my NEW Scarecrow the SAME DAY and I got it from FedEx the NEXT DAY ! That was an excellent experience ! If I would n't have shipped my defective one back before the 17th they would have billed me for the 2nd one , but I wanted another anyway . If you have a problem make sure you try a new 9Volt battery ... AND take the new one out if you have to ship it back ... that was the only thing I forgot to do .
 I have three motion detecting sprinklers , two made by Contech -LRB- ScareCrow -RRB- and one by Havahart . Both of them are excellent for repelling deer -LRB- two years of experience -RRB- but the Contech ScareCrow is more dependable . Although the Scarecrow sprinkler is more expensive , it is worth the price . The Havahart does not come with a guarantee other than a 30 day return policy whereas the Contech ScareCrow sprinkler has a two year warranty and they stand behind it . I had one fail after 22 months of use and they replaced it promptly . Also the motion detecting range , sensitivity , and adjustment is more stable and dependable in the Contech ScareCrow . The only time I 've not had the ScareCrow work was during a period of very high humidity during some rainy weather when it failed to go off during a period of less than a day .
 This is a good way to chase off the wandering cats from the neighborhood . My only complaint is that there is not enough vertical control of the height of the spray . I have mine near the bird feeders and it was hard to adjust it so that it sprayed the cat , but did n't hit the feeders above . I had to tilt the whole unit down , which then affected the distance that the IR beam reached . So I wo n't give it 5 stars , but I will give it 4 .
 Length :
 This works as advertised - sensor is good , detects animals as small as a squirrel and sprays water for 8 seconds.My racoon problem , however , still remains . At least the one in my neighbourhood does n't seem to be too bothered by splashing water!Subbu
 So far so good . Deer definitely do not like the startling spray . They still visit the neighbor 's yard but seem to avoid ours . Very happy so far .
 I have had a major deer problem which I am now attacking with a small army of these scarecrows . I am generally getting good results , but its not just set-and-forget
 Okay so I have a neighbor that is cat crazy . Every time a stray shows up on their porch they think they have to take it in as one of their own . The last stray had a litter of kittens and now I have every cat coming in are front yard and using it as their personal toilet . I tried powders and electronic devices to keep them out of the yard and had no luck . Hundreds of dollars latter I came across this sprinkler when I was on a recent trip to Montana . People up north I found out use them for wild animals that come on their properties . What a clever idea I thought . So when I returned home to find more cat poop I jumped on Amazon and found it . The first one showed up broken returned it for a new one no questions asked . The second one came in the mail and I put it together and fired it up . Lets just say now I look out the window and have seen the cats sitting on the sidewalk just looking into the yard not able to step foot on the grass or come through the bushes from any direction . This thing works like a charm . It takes a little time to adjust the motion detection on it but once you do it works great . I just have to tell you do not stand in front of the sprinkler head when adjusting if you have the water on . This sprinkler moves FAST and only stays on each round for about 3 sec . You have to put on the yellow stickers yourself if you like that look that is in the photo.I think the only down side to this item is that most all of it is plastic and the sprinkler head is not metal at all . You need to be careful when you put it in the ground I would not push down from the top but push it from were the hose hooks up to it .
 This is a great product to keep critters away from your yard . No more surprises in my gardens from my disrespectful neighbours cats . This humanly breaks the habit of cats coming on my property.I even removed it for several weeks and they still stay clear.This is a reasonable alternative to caging to control unwanted critters .
 Does exactly what it is advertised to do . Good value . I would recommend the Scarecrow to anyone wishing to discourage cats from your yard
 Not as easy as slapping in the ground and walking away , but once you realize that your needs are different from everyone elses , you actually enjoy working with this thing . We needed this to scare ducks away from our swimming pool . The local park has a lake , and during spring , we get many ducks that fly over into our backyard , and enjoy our pool , and crap all over . After setting this up precisely the way we wanted , there was ZERO poop and ZERO ducks . It sucks the battery dry in 10 days -LRB- in our case -RRB- , but whatever , it has a sensor beam to keep lit . If this is an issue , then simply disconnect it at night or when you dont need the protection . Otherwise , get ready to buy nine volt batteries.Yes , with attention to setup , this thing will likely work for you - just dont expect it to do everything without giving it setup attention .
 We had been looking for some method to keep our dogs away from the fence when people , kids , other dogs walked by . -LRB- They also chase motorcycles and big trucks along the fence line -RRB- . They go crazy fence fighting and `` play fighting '' with each other , which is really harmless but it scares people silly and is something we need to stop . I searched the internet for ideas to stop fence fighting and could not find anything . The dogs are too quick to be able to intercept them before they get to the fence and we end up yelling at them after the fact , which does n't teach them proper manners . However , one night I saw an episode of `` My Cat From Hell '' where they used one of these to repel a stray cat and I realized it might work ! One thing I was n't sure about was whether or not the sprayer could be adjusted to spray just straight or if it always swiveled , as we have a small yard and I did n't want it to spray the whole yard -- but it has adjustable guides so you can precisely adjust the angle of the spray -- we have ours just spray a single stream straight ahead , and we aimed it lengthwise along the fence , so if our dogs run toward the fence the sprinkler comes on ! It works flawlessly , and although we 've only had it up a couple of days , my dogs are already avoiding the fence ! This is EXACTLY what we were looking for -- kind of a reverse repellant to keep our dogs from bothering passersby !
 I bought it to chase the deer eating my garden ... did I forget to mention rabbits ? It works ! I thought about buying two because of the size of my garden , but I just move it around . Simple but extremely effective . If deer are eating at your garden buffet this is a most have .
 The Scarecrow works as advertised and has made a dramatic decrease in the number of presents the neighbors pets leave in our yard . The only thing that I did n't like about this product is that it is made in China instead of the USA .
 I bought the Scarecrow with the intention of using it to keep my dog out of a particular area of the yard . It works . Plus , it waters the lawn . A great -LRB- and lest costly -RRB- alternative to an invisible fence , where applicable .
 This product works great . The only trouble I 've had is that I can not get it to spray less than about 35 feet . This makes it spray high on the wall and some sprinkles go over the fence into the neighbors yards . I really like how it works otherwise and it really keeps critters off the yard .
 When we planted our garden , this did a great job in keeping the birds and the rabbits out . Great product !
 I needed to keep out deer as well as sheep , a llama and dogs and cats from my garden . This works great ! I was impressed .
 This thing works perfectly . . I used to have a problem with cats leaving their mess around my trees . . They loved when I would just mulch and I would have to throw most of what I just put out away ... Now with this , the cats stay away and avoid the entire area . . I will be getting a few more for other areas that I need to cover ... I hope to have a cat free area soon ... . I would recommend this to anyone dealing with these nuisances ... The only bad thing I need to mention is that you really do need to put this together using piping tape to prevent leaking . . Once you do though it works flawlessly ...
 This the second one of these I 've purchased . First finally died after 15 years . Where I live in Colorado the deer and elk are a pain in the neck . I use this to keep them out of my vegetable garden . Works great
 Living close to a national park area , deer had become a major nuisance -- eating and tearing out flowers , harvesting ripe items from the garden , etc. . A friend of mine who is into lawn care told me he had heard from one of his customers about a product that had a motion detector that would shoot a bursts of water to scare off animals . I went onto Amazons search program and discovered the Scarecrow . Reluctant at first that this would do the job , I finally convinced myself that it was worth a try . Was I ever surprised , not only did it deter the deer from coming close to my garden it also kept the neighbors ' pets away . It runs on a 9 volt battery which I had to replace only once this summer even tho the system is run every night , all night for 12 to 15 hours . Great product . Only drawback is the plastic spike to anchor the product in the ground . Must be careful in heavy soil because it will break easily as I found out . But enough was left to still use it properly . I liked it so much that I bought a second one for another area of my yard .
 After years of feeding the deer , they now stop at the edge of the garden and paw the ground . Even on nights that we have forgotten to turn the water supply on , they stop in their tracks . The battery lasted about half of the summer , but this is a good way to use up the batteries from the smoke detectors . It is made of plastic , but seems to be holding up pretty good . Very happy ...
 The Scarecrow has solved our problem with deer in the yard . We now have 4 of them around the yard and have already obtained two more for guarding a vegetable garden next year .
 Cats hate it , I love it and so do my flowers.I have owned it for about 2 years and it lives outside has held up well , I tried everything else and nothing worked as well as this .
 This thing works just like it says it will . I 'm using it to keep neighborhood cats from using our barkdust as a litterbox .
 We use this product to keep our dogs from going near the fence where they bark at our neighbor 's dog . They really dislike being squirted with a hose , so this has been a great solution for fence fighting dogs !
 Like others , we 've had a problem with obnoxious pests visiting our yard late at night . The Contech Scarecrow worked really well the first time , but the vermin rapidly adapted and learned to avoid the covered region -LRB- front yard plus bedroom window -RRB- . Even moving the Scarecrow around only worked the first couple of times . I 've decided to use rose bushes and transplanted poison ivy as a more permanent deterrent .
 I was a little skeptical at first , but since I set this up I have had absolutely no problem at all with deer or other animals in my garden . Very simple yet great product ... highly recommend .
 I live in the woods sorta , where deer are constantly coming in eating my lillies , roses , just destroying my beautiful gardens and veggie gardens . . When I heard about this product I had to try it . . So far I still have my beautiful gardens . We can sit and watch the deer coming in but they do n't go near my gardens . .
 We were very pleased to have finally found a product that would help us fight against the squirrels that were eating our newly planted ground cover . Now when they least expect it , the Scarecrow Motion Sprinkler will go off with a good spray of water sending the critters scampering . Well worth the cost ! You do have to adjust a bit to get the correct position -LRB- a few funny wet mishaps -RRB- but once in proper placement it works like a charm.The Scarecrow has found a harmless solution to garden pests .
 I bought this product to scare raccoons away from newly planted ground cover , which they dug up every night in their search for grubs . Frustrating ! I had tried to foil them with just about everything , including sitting up at night with a shotgun , but the devils knew when I was there and waited until I was too tired or cold to stay . Then they came out to do their dirty work.The Scarecrow worked well the first several times , until the masked bandits somehow figured out how get under the radar of the motion sensor . It then helped to move the device so that it targeted them from a different direction.This product works well -- I can vouch for that since it has gotten me , my husband , and the gas meter man soaked more than once . But raccoons are wily critters . Make sure you change the Scarecrow 's location every few days to make them think they 're being ambushed from all sides , and it should drive them off the area you 're protecting .
 Turkeys were tearing up our garden on a daily basis . After installing the crow , we have only experienced minimum damage on a sporatic basis . It really works .
 I would n't have a garden if it was n't for these sprinklers . Before I started using this product the deer were eating everything in my garden . Once I set up the sprinklers the deer ceased to be a problem . They deer appear to remember that the sprinklers are there and now keep their distance -- sometimes right on the periphery of the sprinkler 's sensing range . I currently have four in use with two back-ups in the shed . Despite being a few years old and having been through some rough winters , mineral deposits , harsh sun , etc. , they still work . Highly recommended for keeping deer and turkeys away . In my experience , cats are less deterred .
 We purchased this to scare the deer away from eating our garden . It is very effective . It also works great on squirrels , groundhogs and neighborhood cats . Yesterday , I was amused as I watched a squirrel trying to `` army crawl '' past the front of it . When he was in range , it came to life and boy did he jump and run!We need to adjust the sensitivity so it does n't keep going off for false alarms , such as the breeze blowing the trees . Overall , we are very pleased with the product.DLHAWKFairview Park , OH
 Cats using your bedding like a giant litter box , ... squirrel attacking your flowers or vegetables ... NO MORE.After having tried , sprays , pellets , liquids , ect ... next to buying a dog this is one wonderful product.It might take a little while to get the right settings for your yard but it works great.I move it around after a couple days even not putting it out sometimes so that the animals dont get use to it.I dont have a deer problem but if it works on cats and dogs , I would n't think a deer would be a problem at all.The motion sensor in conjuction with the infra-red keeps it from going off when the wind blows . . branches , leaves , , a garden flag . This is the one thing that will truly work , and if you have a larger area to cover get several.One thing ... . make sure if its set up near an entrance way ... . you let every in the house know ... . some people just dont have a sense of humor late at night .
 The Contech Scarecrow works great for keeping deer away from our flowers and shrubs . I 'm giving it 4 stars because there was a leakage problem with the ground stake coupling with the main body . Contech customer service was very understanding and sent out a `` coupler repair kit '' at no charge that remedied the issue . This tells me that this has been a maybe not-so-uncommon problem . Hopefully , they will correct this in next generation Scarecrows . Overall though , it works well .
 I 'm loving this thing for the amusement factor alone . While it 's not perfect for my purposes , it is getting the job done.This sprinkler deterrent would be perfect for a medium-sized -LRB- or larger -RRB- garden , but I bought it to keep my young dog out of my 8X12 front yard planter . It works , but pulling the cars into the driveway also triggers it and occasionally people walking past my house on the sidewalk have triggered it , too . The sensitivity setting is kind of hit or miss , but it has n't failed to activate when needed and has saved my new plants from a rampaging puppy.The spike that holds it up could stand to be longer . I had to brace mine to keep it upright , as the water comes out with some force and sprays a good distance . I do , however , have it installed in a new planter with loose soil.All in all , I 'm happy with it and would definitely buy it again .
 I use three Sarecrows to protect my garden . One morning I forgot to turn off the water . The blast from one of the `` crows ' caused me to drop everything i was carrying and scamper out of the garden . it startled the tar out of me!Only negative so far is battery life is about 1 month . I am now trying rechargeable batteries .
 We have a wooded area 30ft behind our hillside where we planted a dozen tiger lillies , Hostas ... spaced around 5ft apart to line a 70 to 80 ft long wall 4 ft high . On the hillside above the wall and the plants we have a ~ 20ft by 85ft bed of birdsfoot trefoil . The first year we got the plants when they were in bloom but for the two years after that the deer -LRB- several dozen live in the neighborhood -RRB- have managed to eat nearly every bud on the plants before they have been able to bloom . We first bought the deer off spray but this was not very effective and we had to reapply after every rainfall.Then we installed motion sensing lights on the house which is about 20ft from the wall . The lights startle the deer and alerts us of their presence but does not keep them away . I have even gone out to chase them away at 1:30 AM . After the failure with the lights we tried the deer sonic repellent product . We did not test that long because it kept going off during the day and it was audible and very annoying to humans.After that we created a 3 foot high fence out of posts and strung heavy fishing line between the posts . That did not work . They jumped the fence with ease . After that we purchased the large plant protector bags . This stopped the deer from eating the flowers but was a lot of work because we had to cover the plants each night and uncover them in the morning . On the days that we did not get there by 8 PM -LRB- on a rainy day -RRB- we still got some plant damage not to mention that this method did not stop them from eating and trampling through the birds foot.Finally we tried this product and after strategically placing 4 of these we have not seen a single deer on the hillside . We have not had any damage to our plants and we do not see the motion sensing lights on any more . They did go off a few times the first few days when the system was just installed . To get a better idea about the traffic we had last year a few nights I have stayed up to try to scare them away and I would have 12 different sets of 1 to 6 deer came though setting off the motion sensing light over a 6 hour period.Right now with the scarecrows installed since spring the hostas and tiger lilles are both in bloom now for the first time in the last 3 seasons so they are doing their job well unlike everything else we tried . . There are however a few issues with the scarecrows . They eat 9V batteries for breakfast -LRB- 5 weeks or so between replacing -RRB- . I think the main reason is the sun sets them off repeatedly depending on the angle of the sun . They do not have a light sensor so I can not have them on only during the night . For the moment we have bought a couple of those 10 packs of 9V batteries . I am going to first verify that this keeps them out for a whole season before I try high capacity rechargeables or some other solution I can come up with . The batteries need the full 9V and if they get below 6V the duration of the spray goes down to 2 seconds so it may not be effective . We turn the water off in the morning and on in the night to avoid them from going off during the day or accidentally getting the next door neighbor.I mentioned the sun setting them off draining the batteries so I should explain . They the valve still opens even if there is no water in the hose so the power still gets drained from the batteries . We can hear a clicking noise when the valve opens . This noise is not too loud or anything . To connect this up I purchased two new 125ft hoses and bought metal connectors -LRB- the plastic ones did not work -RRB- so that I can cut the hoses to exact lengths between the 4 scarecrows . On the end closest to the house we have a quick connect so that I can remove the hose to mow the lawn . I plan to replace this with plastic pipes if all goes well this fall.Also we originally planned for an automatic timed system but we have not set this up yet . Most -LRB- if not all -RRB- of the hose timers make it difficult to set a watering duration longer than 2 hours . You can use multiple watering cycles to solve this but some do not like to start 1 cycle on the same minute the last ends . From 3 months of use I can see that we can afford a minute or so of the water being off during cycle changeovers . The 200ft + of hose we have installed retains pressure for a few activations . . I think its time to end here . If anyone has questions I can try to answer . .
 This worked like a charm - you just have to remember it will get you too !! You should also know - DO N'T USE AN OLD WATERHOSE !!!!! The hose split in two from the pressure and the water ran for a day and a half ! NOT the sprinkler 's fault - mine for using an old hose . I did n't learn my lesson , and used another `` newer '' older hose and it did the same thing , luckily we did n't have the water turned on as strong as we did the first time - which you do n't need much water anyway so we learned our lesson on that . My advice - go buy a brand new hose for the sprinkler . The dogs and cats `` use '' to love to walk right through my flower bed and the cats of course use to think it was their easy access litter box - but NO more thanks to the scarecrow . The cats wo n't even walk towards the flowerbed direction . I wish I had this sprinkler several years ago - it would have saved a lot of headaches . Now I want one to keep the cows from reaching through the fence to one of my other flower beds ! : - -RRB-
 This product works as intended quite well . I got it to deter deer , and for that purpose it 's been great . It 's true that this thing does n't differentiate between moving objects , so if you have a lawn service or for any reason people who walk in the ` strike zone ' then they 're going to get sprayed.The only problem I have with the device is that it 's made from plastic rather than metal . I left it out over the winter , which is below freezing at times where I live , and the shaft developed a hairline crack . I did leave the hose connected to it , but I never had the faucet on when the temperature was 40 or below . I figured that any water which was in the device when the temperature reached freezing point would be pushed out the end , which is probably incorrect . I ca n't be certain that freezing water in the line caused the hairline crack ... it may have just been the plastic itself not being able to handle the freezing temperature . At any rate , I have concluded that it 's best to not have this thing outside at all when it gets below 40 degrees fahrenheit .
 Issue with neighbors cats marking our yard . Bought this because of great reviews , and really like it . Easy to put together -LRB- used teflon tape as per suggestion -RRB- and pre-pounded hole in ground as not to break the plastic spike . Tested the sensitivity by turning off water and letting one of our cats roam around the yard and listened for the click of the valve opening up . Only CON is that the spray adjustment at the lowest level still sprays a long way -LRB- 20 ft ? -RRB- , turning down the water pressure does not effect the initial blast of water but it will taper off after that .
 Vegetable garden has been pest free for 10 days thanks to this product . Rabbits , squirrels , deer , raccoons , cats , kids ... the list goes on . Followed the directions and never had a problem installing or with its operation . Great product .
 After Making A Sizable Investment In Both Time And Landscaping I Wanted To Plant Some Grapes For A Small Vineyard . I Proudly Went And Got Some Duarte Uber Vines , Great Folks By The Way , And I Do n't Know If The Deer Were Watching Me Or What , But The Were Just Beautiful For About A Day And A Half.I Came Home From Work And The Leaves Were All But Gone . My First Inkling Was Seeing Those Deer Spinning On My Weber Rotisserie , But Alas , I Starting Searching Amazon For A Solution Instead . I Ran Across This Scarecrow Sprinkler And Thought What A Scam , Bought It Anyway And Was I Suprised , THIS THING WORKS . The Leaves Are Coming Back And The Vineyard Looks Better Now Than It Did When We Planted . Thank You Amazon And Contech , Sure Gon na Miss Those Deer At My BBQ ... Kent Smith
 The scarecrow is so easy to set up . Just hook it up to a water hose and let it do its job . I had trouble with critters digging up my bulbs and eating the baby greens . After I placed the scarecrow in the garden -- no more problems -- absolutely none . And its appearance is unobtrusive . Except for the garden hose , you would n't even know it was there .
 I did n't get the same product as shown -LRB- you can tell from the picture -RRB- . I believe it 's a cheaper version of Scarecrow ... but since it works , it did n't bother me . I 've had it for almost 2 months ... amazingly , the cat has never come back to our back yard to poop -LRB- figure crossed -RRB- . Our yard is not big -LRB- about 40ft x 20ft -RRB- and only one Scarecrow covers the entire area . It 's not too sensitive like I was afraid . It detects the motion from about 30ft-40ft away . Try it , I recommend .
 The scarecrow motion activated sprinkler works great . it kepts the cat puff off my grass . It 's working so well that my neighbor who feeds the cats is complaning that the sprinkler is scaring away the cats . Now the birds are eating her cat food .
 Have tried no less than 10 `` guaranteed to work '' remedies for keeping deer fromeating my shrubs next to my house no doubt ! Some worked better than others , but all of them had 1 thing in common . Reapplication after rain etc. . This is as simple as hooking up to a garden hose and turning it on . Have seen no visible evidence ofdeer eating on -LRB- new or existing -RRB- growth since it has been in use . Approx 3 weeks !! ***** ADDED BONUS ****** My 5 year old grandaugher loves it too ! She thinks it is a game of who she can fool into getting squirted .
 We were plagued with buzzards that decided to roost on our deck and leaving quite a mess . After installing this product the buzzards and the mess are gone ! It is great . A safe , humane way to chase off the buzzards .
 I bought this item to keep racoons from digging up my front yard . I initially put a fence around the area but the critter managed to crawl under the fence . I reinforced the fence but did n't like the appearance of it . The Scarecrow was easy to put together , install and adjust . It sits in one corner of the yard and covers my entire yard and so far no further damage from the racoon and I was able to take the fence down and open up my yard again .
 Works great ... only thing is , after about a week is does not scare the deer away . They just come on up and eat anyway . Still works for other animals . I bought it for deer ... if deer is your only problem . . dont expect them to stay away ... after all they still eat when its raining out
 Having problems with raccoons getting into my fish pond . So far , this seems to be helping . It 's not predictable as far as the animals know and shoots a strong stream of water with some noise . My neighbor asked us to also have the swath include his apple tree , which the critters had broken up pretty badly to get the apples .
 This crazy gizmo works great . Kept the critters out of our garden all year . Changed batteries four times . Only downside is that it seems to be wearing out after one year . Still , even if we have to replace it annually , it 's saa lot cheaper than sprays or fencing .
 this is my second purchase of the Scarecrow -LRB- I bought one about 3 years ago -RRB- . The product works extremely well against cats and dogs -LRB- which was the main reason why i purchased this -RRB- . Sensitivity adjustment is a breeze and once on , there is nothing else to do.My only complaint is that over time , the motion sensor 's effectiveness gets reduced . Perhaps its dirt that gets inside the lens , perhaps condensation , not sure why . After three years , it was n't detecting anything smaller than an elephant so i had to replace . Still , compared to other alternatives -LRB- chemical or smells which almost ruined my lawn -RRB- , this is by far the best product out there . Highly recommended.One tip - make sure you have a quick way to turn off water supply so you can actually use the lawn ...
 After dividing my yard with multiple fences to keep my dogs from digging in my lawn , I found this product and no longer need the fences . Its randomness keeps the dogs quessing and sprays them when they enter the lawn . Requires some cleaning of water deposits on sensor , and a little tricky to adjust . A fresh 9volt battery every few months seems to help .
 This product looks nice and easy to install . The support service has responded all my &#34; what if ... &#34; questions patiently before my purchasing . However , the water sparing from the sprinkle seems does not trouble those bigger wild animals from my neighborhood .
 This product assures peace of mind knowing that the koi are safe from the herons . This is my second scarecrow . We will see how it works again in the spring !
 Works great on my beagles keeping them away from an area of my yard where I am trying to repair the grass.Recommend the product , it works as stated !
 Deer have been a huge problem in my suburban yard on the edge of a wooded wetland . We woudl see 4-6 travelling yard to yard eating their favorites . Bunnies too . Since I got this , I have lilies and many other plants for the first time . I am sold . I am ordering another one due to the size of my yard . The squirels are gone ! No bunnies ! I highly recommend this product . My only regret is that I paid about $ 30 more for one locally .
 We have deer in our yard . Lots of them . We either plant deer resistant plants , or barricade edibles behind high fences . One espaliered pear tree remained unprotected . Before I could get a temporary barrier in place , the deer stripped the new leaves and blossoms from all but the top layer of the tree . I ordered one Scarecrow sprinkler just to claim that `` I 've tried everything '' . Every evening I turn on the Scarecrow and set the sprinkler head at a marked starting point . Every morning I can see that the Scarecrow had been activated sometime during the night . Since installing the Scarecrow the pear has sprouted new tender leaves on all the previously stripped branches , and there is no indication that the deer have sampled any of the new growth . I 've order two more.I would like to recommend to Contech that they add a `` sprinkler mode '' so that the Scarecrow could serve as a regular sprinkler during the day .
 I purchased this item to keep a Blue Heron from eating the Koi from my pond . He showed up this morning and was immediately scared off . After a few times I hope he gets the idea and stays away . Very easy to assemble and set up . Use teflon tape on all the connections to avoid leaks . Only reason I did not give it 5 stars was that the stake going into the ground is too short and it vibrates it way loose very easily . I had to put a large flat rock on it to keep it in place . Other than that it is great !
 I was skeptical that anything would deter the deer of my newly developed mountain property . Even though the company that makes the ScareCrow is local , they charge 4X the amount than at amazon.com . Therefore I feel that buying them here is a less expensive option for Canadian customers . Perhaps Contech should revise their local pricing.I have several comments :1 -RRB- I had to buy enough to cover the perimeter of my small property . I would have liked the sensor to have increased field of view .2 -RRB- I have a huge garden , with 90 % deer-safe plants . The other 10 % have been saved from deer -LRB- roses , Hosta , hydrangeas and sweet peas -RRB- . I feel that gardeners should focus more on deer-safe plants with some others hidden in between . Deer can smell the sweet peas , roses etc. and will try their best to find them .3 -RRB- Deer have found their way on my property twice , in a small blind spot . Therefore I need to buy 6th scare crow . In this case they just ate the leaves from my passion flower , before the sprinkler saw a moving branch , and it scared them off .4 -RRB- There are a lot of false-positives . You can turn the sensitivity down , but then you are running the risk of not catching the deer .5 -RRB- Batteries last about a month , with a lot of false positive sprays . This is ok for me6 -RRB- I am overall very pleased with my daisy-chained ScareCrows . My garden is big and beautiful while others in my neighbourhood are chewed down to the plant nubbins .7 -RRB- I know it works because I see skid marks in the gravel where they bolted off the property .
 I live in the northwoods of Wisconsin and we have a lot of white tail deer . I have never seen some of my flowers blooms for longer than a day or two . The scarecrows -LRB- I have three -RRB- are doing the job . We can see where they come in and then bolt because they got sprayed . I still spray the plants , but not nearly as often as I used to , and they still ate even when sprayed . I recommend this to anyone who has garden `` pests '' . I am very pleased with my scarecrows .
 This is a pretty clever product . I have mine near the bird feeders and it was hard to adjust it so that it sprayed the cat , but did n't hit the feeders above . I had to tilt the whole unit down , which then affected the distance that the IR beam reached . So I wo n't give it 5 stars , but I will give it 4 out of 5 . This is a good way to chase off the wandering cats from the neighborhood . My only complaint is that there is not enough vertical control of the height of the spray but still pretty good .
 I just moved to a house on an island and because of hunting restrictions , it 's is very overpopulated with deer . Over the winter , I heard numerous stories of coworkers failed battle against the wildlife . And in early spring , the deer came through my yard & mowed down the emerging hostas , tulips , and such . I do n't feel too bad about these , since I 'm more of a veggy person . . but still annoying . But I was determined to have my garden.Since placing this sprinkler in my backyard and planting my vegetables , I have n't seen any evidence of damage which is a very good feeling . Granted I 've been sprayed a couple times on my way to the shed to get my bike in the morning , but a strategic relocation helped minimize unwanted morning showers.Since the weather has warmed up I can leave the window open at night to get a nice breeze . The night before last I heard it trigger , but could see nothing -LRB- wind will occasionally set it off -RRB- . Last night I heard it again ... saw nothing . But a couple hours later , I could hear a lot of leaf rustling and twig breaking from multiple locations in the stand of trees just beyond the perimeter of my yard -LRB- which is 50 ' wide 40 ' back -RRB- . There 's a white 3 ' fence around my yard which reflects nicely and I could see clearly if something as big as a deer came in . There was no question it was a herd of deer , and I was getting a little nervous when I heard them approach a weakly defend area and was about to grab the broom , when the sprinkler went off . They ran off a little way , froze for a minute , and then slowly retreated another direction . Not the most restful night , but very satisfying : -RRB- This Sprinkler was worth every penny , I 'm considering another to fortify the before mentioned weak spot .
 I have 3 wonderful cats and they are allowed to roam in the fenced in backyard . This spring I noticed some Eastern Bluebirds beginning to build a nest in one of my birdhouses ... and 3 cats were right under it , watching every move . That 's when I started hunting for a repellant that would n't hurt anything AND would work . I purchased a Scarecrow and it is the cat 's meow ! I stationed it so that it pointed at the area under the birdhouse ! That was so much fun ! It only took one squirt for my cats to avoid that area like the plague.Then I noticed brown spots on the front lawn that I suspected were from early morning visits from a neighbors dog . I moved the Scarecrow out there ... and shazzam , the brown spots healed!I 'm telling you . . this thing is worth it for entertainment purposes alone ! AND YES , it 's gotten me a bunch too ... I get busy and forget it 's there ... . and I about fall down laughing every time !! My cats learned much faster than I did !
 I was tired of having my flowers mowed down by deer and was planning to build a similar device . I found the Contech while researching suitable valves and for about the same money that I would have spent constructing one . The Contech has the advantage of running off of a nine-volt battery , while sprinklers valves require 24 Vac . This thing really spooks the deer -LRB- and the meter reader -RRB- . My rose bushes are in full bloom !
 I was plagued by stray and pet cats pooping in my yard and subsequently making my dog sick -LRB- enough said -RRB- . I had tried mothballs , cayenne pepper , orange scented dishwashing liquid , etc. , but nothing was working . I installed the Scarecrow a few weeks ago , it took a few tries -LRB- and a lot of soaked clothes -RRB- before I got it the way I wanted it -LRB- read the manual -RRB- , but darn , no more cat poop . It 's actually not the water that stops the cats , it 's the sound of the spritz . I recommend it , I only hope the cats do n't get used to it !
 comparing with ultrasonic devices , this product -LRB- Contech Electronics CRO101 Scarecrow Motion activated sprinkler -RRB- works very well . You have to pay some taxes , though . and get wet sometimes .
 I bought this item because a Blue Heron was eating my pond fish . It WORKS ! The bird was sprayed a couple of times and flew off never to return . Although I get sprayed occasionally when I forget that its there and walk into its line of fire . But that is a small price to pay for knowing that my Koi are safe.I recommend this product to anyone who has animal pest problems such as birds , deer , coyotes , raccoons , ... . loins tiger and bears OH MY !
 We have a few cats that are ours but were found as ferals - thus , they are out and about all the time and come close to our yard only for feeding times . A new neighbor whose younger daughters play in the front yard on the grass found that they were using a section as a `` potty area '' . Cat repellents -LRB- spray or other -RRB- worked for only a week at $ 10.00 + a week ... in looking at the reviews on this I thought this was worth a try . After purchasing the Scarecrow and a hose for the neighbor - 2 weeks later he has said that they have found no cat `` poop '' issues on the front lawn ! Hooray for the scarecrow ... it works !
 I am very impressed with this product . I had a very bad problem with deer and rabbits destroying my garden -LRB- especially just after planting -RRB- . The scarecrow picked up on the rabbits very well while the garden was new and low.The only thing that you have to watch out for is that if you have a lot of animal activity the scarecrow tends to use the battery up quickly.This product worked so well that I purchased a second one .
 I had a severe deer problem in my home garden . They had nearly destroyed everything after I had invested many hours of labor . I had tried several home remedies -LRB- soaps , ropes , repellents -RRB- , with little sucess . After talking to neighbors and searching on line , I decided to try the sprinkler . So far it has worked well . The garden has recovered and is producing at a reduced rate . I 'm looking forward to next year and a better crop .
 I have had problems with cats using my yard and garden as a litter box . I tried everything from using organic , chemicals , and even going midevil by buring boards with nails sticking up . But those buggers would find an empty spot and go there . So this was my last resort and it has been a blessing ! No more stinky cat poop in my yard :-RRB- If you have problems with any animals I would recommend this product !!
 I purchased this thing because I grow and sell Koi in a large outdoor pond . We had a great big blue heron come a callin in addition to the kingfishers and osprey in our area and I just was n't feeling very secure . I did n't want to use netting to protect the fish as the natural surroundings would be compromised . I hooked up this thing in less than 20 minutes and had it working . It works like a charm and no more big bad birds ! PS put the stickers on before you bring it outdoors , its alot earlier . I will be buying another when my additional pens are complete . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I wanted to keep the cats out of my garden and it has done just that .
 I 'm generally happy with this product . We purchased it to keep the stray cats out of the yard . It works pretty well for that . It seems to go off randomly but it helps water the lawn too so no complaints there .
 After many many times using products that supposedly would stop cats from defecating in my garden with no success at all I purchased the Contect CRO101 Scarecrow Motion Activated Sprinkler some six weeks ago I can honestly say from day one I have not had to clear up any cat mess at all Its just great and is totally harmless to animals .
 This product works as advertised , the sensor control needs to be adjusted as plants grow do to wind moving larger leaves . I would recommend using 2 in a overlapping pattern .
 Just received this and it appears to work as claimed . I am very happy . If I had to find a fault , it would be that the period of spraying is only set at 3 seconds and can not be altered .
 Great . Got 2 . No more deer in the Rose Garden . The only complaint is the price and it is hard to put 9-volt batteries in - I use a mirror so I can see underneath from above - which you must do depending on how close to the ground you mount it - I mount them with the enclose stand , about 1.5 feet . Thankfully the batteries last several weeks , but we cut it on at night and off in the morning to save the batteries . It would be good if there was an option to have it automatically cut itself off when the sun is up . Also a different power arrangement ; maybe two batteries that lasted twice as long .
 I set this thing up LONG after I bought it on Amazon . I was disappointed that you have to keep your hose on pretty much full power or it wo n't work . Sure I used teflon tape , but you need to add new o-rings and a strain relief to keep it from dripping at all 3 points 24/7 -LRB- assuming you 're using the brass y-valve connection at hose -RRB- . The unit does not trip every time you expect it to . I 'm not sure that 's bad since surprise it what makes it effective . I have messed with the settings so that people walking by does n't set it off , but for some reason , cars further out in the street set it off . I will re-read the instructions and continue to experiment with placement , etc. . It 's good enough if I can keep the crap out of my yard . But I need to warn the gardners who will DOUBTless turn it off and forget to turn it back on again . I expect to burn through a lot of batteries , so I will be buying a rechargeable 9-volt for this sucker . I am happy that this will likely keep the doorknob trash hangers from trampling my lawn on their way tot he next house , or if nothing else , reward them for crossing my lawn .
 After trying every type of pepper cat repellent product , ammonia , bleach , you name it , this actually has kept cats out of my yard ... yay !!! I highly recommend it .
 We bought this product to help us with a new puppy who insisted on jumping up on our windows when left outside alone . It worked beautifully ! We have been using it for over a year - had to replace the battery once . We do n't even have to keep it on anymore - most of the time he avoids the windows just because he sees the scare crow there . We have even moved it on occasion to keep him from jumping on the door . I wish we could set it up to spray in either direction -LRB- door or windows -RRB- .
 We have a convertible parked under a car port , cats were constantly getting on the top and sleeping , it was a giant fur mess . This sprinkler was the last ditch effort to stop them . After about a week of setting it during the night , NO MORE FUR or tracks . Very humane and very effective . Wonderful device .
 A great solution to Canada Geese in the yard . Was looking for an easy solution and found it.Bought two as a gift and the friends I gave them too were really pleased.It works so well the geese went to their neighbors yards and they are going to buy it too . Humane , effective and easy to use.HIghly recommended .
 Keeps cats from pooping in the garden and away from the goldfish pond , even works well on tool borrowing neighbours
 I read many reviews on this , loved looking at the pictures too . I was looking for a solution to keep the deer out of my tiny vegetable garden . I did n't want to put a fence up . This seems like it will work perfectly . Easy to put together and use . It is made of plastic , and it says right in the directions do n't use the unit to push it into the ground , so those who broke their unit must have done so . I used a metal sprinkler to make the hole in the ground , , then stuck the the Contech in . I think it will work , my deer problem usually happens at night and when I am gone . In the meantime , I am looking forward to who else it will get wet -LRB- neighbors , my kids etc !! -RRB- I wish I had thought of this idea ! ~ !!
 I bought two of these last year , and reading some of the complaints has motivated me to write this . First of all , I do have some of the same complaints as others
 I was a little worried that this would not work with the neighbor/neighborhood cat that seemed to think my front yard was an appropriate litter box , regardless if my grass was long or short . As you can tell by the 5 star review , this works exactly as described and I was also able to adjust it so I 'm not accidentally watering my mailman or UPS guy . -LRB- I 'm pretty sure they 're also glad of that fact as well . -RRB- I put this on a 7 setting and also adjusted the angle down , so it 's only spraying about 3-5 feet in front , rather than the sidewalk . It 's extremely easy to set up and the sticker 's give it a little personality . As a side note , it does need a 9 volt battery and it 's not included , so just make sure you have one before you get started , so you do n't have to wait . Zero tools are required to put it together .
 I bought this product to help protect some corn sprouts from crows -LRB- worked fine -RRB- . But I ended up using it mostly to protect my chicken coop from a racoon that kept trying to get in . Since I set it up I have n't seen any further evidence of attempted break in.The motion sensor sensitvity can be adjusted . It works well and has good range.I do wish that it came with a high ground stake or had one available as an option . It does sit very low and most plants will overgrow it and block the sensor view . I suppose you can make one pretty easily by sticking the stake into the end of a PVC pipe and staking the pipe to the ground . I 'm not at that point yet but I do see it becoming an issue as my plants grow .
 This things works . I have a fairly large garden and we also have deer and rabbits . I have a 5 foot nylon deer fence that has been pretty effective at keeping critters out but the rabbits learned how to go under the nylon mesh and that is why I bought the Scarecrow.It is easy to assemble and put into action . It comes with decals to make it look like a crow which I did not use . Without them it is simply black . The first night it came on several times . After just a few more days it hardly ever comes on . The combination of the sound of the sprinkler and the water had done its work . I happened to be out in the yard when our neighbor 's cat decided to check out the garden . When the Scarecrow went off the cat launched straight up and after it finally landed it ran like crazy to get away . And that is what it does without harming anything.The entire unit is plastic including the spike that goes into the ground . It is unfortunate that the spike is not metal so that it could be driven into the ground without fear of breaking it . I used some concrete blocks to set it up above the ground . In soft ground I think that the sprinkler action would quickly loosen the entire unit . That is why I could not give it 5 stars .
 I confess that I like gadgets . This gadget is one of the best things I 've ever bought!I 'm having a very hard time NOT buying a night spy cam to see if any animals are scared off by this . I 've seen the videos online , and they 're hilarious . I 'd love to have my own video of a fat groundhog going in for the kill , only to be startled by the scarecrow and running away.It works just like it does in the promo videos , although I 've only been able to test it with myself and a stick . Plan on getting wet the day you install it . The sensitivity dial works quite well , and I keep it at about medium-high . All I can say is that the garden is doing well , and knock on wood , no groundhog has eaten the entire garden in one night . And I know there 's at least one groundhog , because I saw him in the back yard one day eating things from the lawn.My only complaint is that I found it hard to figure out how to change the arc size of the spray . I did n't think the instruction booklet did a great job of showing how to do that . Perhaps a video online would be more helpful . -LRB- I did eventually get it worked out , but for the first day , the scarecrow was going in circles and I thought it was defective . -RRB- Whoever invented this gadget gets my thanks . It has provided hours of entertainment ! And I 'm giving it credit for a garden that so far , is thriving .
 I received this in enough time to try this before the holidays.The sprayer cuts a small arc , but reaches the area I need to keep the neighbor 's cat out of . I noticed a few days where the ground was wet , but no cat droppings . The neighbor 's cat has this `` mean '' look on its face when it looks at me , but its better than dispatching the cat to another realm when it does its business.No leaks , the spray lasts for the 5 seconds its supposed to , and its effective . I 'm not out cleaning up my gravel drive as I used to on a weekly basis.I was ready to design and build my own , but this meets my needs .
 I love my Gardens and put alot of time into them BUT our old black lab thought those damp areas were her personal pig pen , , the Scarecrow keeps her out and me happy THANK YOU , It 's easy to use , works just like it 's decribed . Wish we would have gotten it years ago!If it could be redesigned , a adjustable pole would be handy for the set up and a 90 degree hose hook-up would make it less top heavy .
 This product exceeded my expectations . Deer had been constantly invading my yard at nite time and eating the grass and plants . The Scarecrow has worked perfectly and scares the deer away . I ordered two additional Scarecrows to cover other parts of the yard . This product is a great value .
 Last year , I had a problem with my neighbor 's cats . They decided to use my backyard as their kitty litter box . I was picking up poop all summer and they destroyed my grass . Now , thanks to the Scarecrow , my grass is lush and beautiful . I will be able to use my backyard again . It is the best thing I could have purchased and does the job well !
 This has kept the cats AND other critters out of our backyard . We have a 2 year old daughter who loves to play in the backyard but the cats use it as a litter box . We put the scarecrow out there and we no longer have to worry about landmines . I am confident that my daughter can go play without coming in with poop all over herself and shoes . Another plus is that it gets the lawn watered at the same time . Now I need one for the front because the cats have meandered to the front . We will let the neighbors worry about it now !!!
 Contech Electronics Scarecrow Motion-Activated Sprinkler #CRO 101/CRO102I installed the product in my backyard the day it arrived in order to keep deer from eating our tulips as they came up . It 's two weeks later and we have no damage to the tulips . I watched it activate one day when a robin flew low past it . We 're very pleased with it and will be able to use it to protect our small vegetable garden when the tulips are up high enough to no longer interest the deer .
 This Motion-Activated Sprinkler is the bomb !! Worked like a charm taking care of a troublesome cat that left me `` gifts '' in my mulch .
 Problem solved ! The Scarecrowe has saved my plants from the deer . Be sure not to set the sensitivity to high or it will be activated by the wind blowing the plants . I found a setting of 4 to work best .
 Best cat chaser i ever saw ... . they were ruining our flower beds ... this sure stopped that ...
 Our Scarecrow is so far doing what we ask ... scaring our birds away from eating out pond fish . The Scarecrow gets set off pretty easily if the sensitivity is too high . We are still playing with it . So far , it is the best solution we have found for our problem . We recommend it .
 We purchased this hoping to keep our cats and neighborhood cats out of our flowerbeds . Let me tell you , it works ! Now even when it is n't on the cats still walk well around the flowerbeds . Warning though , you will most likely get wet either when you set it up or just forgetting and walking in front of the sensor . It even got a friend of ours the other night when he walked up to the house . He thought we deliberately sprayed him with some kind of remote-controlled sprayer . Pretty funny , but be careful where you aim it . : -RRB-
 It works , people . Buy it ! Take the time to adjust it properly for the area you want to protect and leave it alone . Good suggestion
 After setting up the unit , I got a kick out of seeing the little buggers get a taste of this.This is a much better alternative in pest control than what my wife had in mind.After a month of continue use it seems to use 1 to 2 batteries . I wish the battery life was alittle longer.Also , I 'm using a 3/4 diameter garden hose that in my epinion is only as good as your water pressure , it does n't seem to be as effective as the smaller hoses . Stay with the 5/8 - 1/2 . You 'll like the results .
 From First Time Dad : `` It 's not often I purchase a product and then upon receiving it immediately regret never having owned one previously . After spending many weekends painstakingly constructing lovely cedar raised garden beds for our backyard , I was extremely disappointed to find out nothing could germinate because what I 'd actually built was a sturdy , expansive cat toilet and digging fun center . I was harvesting nothing except a bumper crop of kitty-logs and probably toxoplasmosis . Letting the pregnant wife and/or small child into the back yard required a meticulous `` de-pooping '' ritual that really is a special kind of buzzkill in trying to enjoy your small but idyllic private property . `` Since installing Contech Scarecrow , not one turd
 I bought the competitor 's Havahart Spray Away which was n't terrible I have to say . However , I really believe that the spray pattern , arc range functions is much better and smoother on this one -LRB- the Contech -RRB- . It 's more likely to `` nail '' and water spritz the raccoon 's I 've been so desparately trying to deter from rolling up my slow to root new sod . This was from a home property re-grading project . In addition , I highly recommend putting a cheaper portable AM/FM -LRB- AC or DC -RRB- radio in a kitchen sized , Hefty trash bag out where the new sod is -LRB- in the middle somewhere -RRB- IF you have this similar or same problem . I mean WITH RACCOON 's rolling up , pulling back the rooting new sod . The little guys are looking for their food meal like grubs , larvae and other insects . So , the purpose of the radio is to tune it to a talk show on AM for instance , play it at an audible volume level during darkness NOT disturbing your neighbors . As in overnight . It really works ! I was so amazed . I think that the raccoons do n't exactly enjoy the prospects of human 's being nearby with the voices . I mean , it was only one night but I 'm now really much more optimistic I 'll finally have success with them leaving the sod alone . These repellents such as Bonide repellent-ALL-animals crap that do n't work is a huge waste of $ . There are n't any registered repellents on any state 's DNR web site except Capsaicin -LRB- hot chili peppers -RRB- on raccoon 's . Do n't let anyone at these nurseries tell you any differently . I had spoken to an `` expert '' Horticulturalist at my local nursery and none of the expensive remedies had worked or was even close to being correct . They want to sell you their expensive urines , chemicals , etc. . . What a waste !!! Bottom line
 Neighborhood feral cats were using my front lawn as their bathroom . The damage was so severe I had to rototill , rake and re-seed a fresh lawn . The very next day I saw piles of dirt on my freshly seeded lawn where the cats had defecated . My exact words to my kids were `` your dad 's going to jail today because I 'm going to kill some cats . '' Before I went on a murderous rampage , I picked up a scarecrow . No more cats , and a beautiful lawn in no time . In addition to keeping the cats out , anytime a car went by or a breeze shook a tree , the scarecrow fired and helped the seeds germinate by keeping them moist without washing them away . This also helped as the lawn became established . Postman was so impressed he bought one too . I now have a total of 3 and my father has 2 . I want to be the poster boy for The Scarecrow . Only bad thing that happened was when the meter reader got broadsided , but he should n't have been cutting across my lawn anyway . Havahart makes a similar unit , but I prefer the Scarecrow .
 The moment I hear the sound of water sprinkler , a smile lights up my face . My neighbor 's cat and dog have been claiming territorial rights in my yard for the past 7 years . I wrote to the association , they ca n't do a thing . I bought repellant sprays , dusts , anti-bacterial sprays , even salt or pepper , nothing worked . There 's just like a virtual bathroom sign inviting the dogs and cats to do their thing . At last , my sister bought one of these to scare the birds and animals off their swimming pool and lawn , she told me about it , I immediately ordered it on Amazon . Sure enough , after it is installed , during the night , it was `` activated '' for about 3 times -LRB- what I heard , maybe more after I have fallen asleep . -RRB- And nothing new was found in my yard in the morning . It is exciting to have a thing that actually works.Revenge is SWEET !!! Buy it if you have pest problem.only one improvement , the peg going into the ground should be metal . I fear it will break easy so I had to hammer out a hole with a large nail first before I really pushed it in . They should include one of those camping steel pegs for this.Side note , Amazon is like $ 20 cheaper than the manufacturer 's website.Thank you God for infrared .
 Length :
 First off I would tell anyone that this product truly works . If you have any hesitation , my review along with all the others should be proof enough.I purchased the Scarecrow Sprinkler last year after coming back from vacation to find a brand new shade garden I had planted completely decimated by local deer . We have a family of about 8 deer that I try to keep away , but my neighbors have other agendas . They `` feed '' the deer with corn which attracts them and frustrates me more and more -LSB- if Contech invents a neighbor deterrent , please let me know ;-RRB- -RSB- After mourning the $ 500 + I lost in plants and shrubs , I decided to take matters into my own hands . I started with `` deer-b-gone '' or some sort of `` organic '' deer repellant . It washes away , is n't cheap , smells bad and flat out does n't work.I then came across the Scarecrow and decided to give it the old `` college try '' . Well folks , IT WORKS . No more deer , but uh-oh a flaw . Just like others , you have to remember that the Scarecrow is there or `` BAM '' YOU WILL GET HIT WITH A BLAST OF WATER . It has gotten me , my kids , my wife , a landscaper , our exterminator and one of our neighbors.LADIES and GENTS . . I have the solution to this problem !!!!! What I realized is that the deer only do their dirty work from dusk to dawn . I thought what if I can get my sprinkler to only work during those hours and shut off during the day . Then I researched to see if there was a water timer that allowed for extended watering times . Say hello to this Orbit timer from Amazon.comOrbit Lawn & Garden Hose Digital Watering Timer And Valve # 62001to use in conjunction with the sprinkler . It has completely flexible functions that allow the water to only turn on from say 8 pm to 8 am . It only turns on the water flow to the sprinkler . It will only use the water if the sprinkler motion sensor is set off so no wasted water . At 8 am , the timer turns off the water flow and NO ACCIDENTAL MIDDAY SHOWERS !! Then it kicks back on at 8 pm for another night of protection . These are the times I used but I may need to adjust a bit since I do sometimes make early or late strolls through my garden . You can set to whatever times you need to have it on and off based on your own situation.So there you have it . Use this product in conjunction with a flexible timer and you get the benefit of excellent deer/pest protection while avoiding many of the minor flaws mentioned in other reviews .
 Before I bought my house I thought cats went in a litterbox . Well some do , but my yard is apparently more appealing to Leo , my neighbor 's cat , who is old and incontinent.If you are reading this you know that none of the sprays , repellants , etc do anything at all and should be removed from the market . But dog-gonnit , the Scarecrow works.There are a few minor things you should know , however . First , if you care about the Scarecrow leaking , be sure to assemble the unit with Teflon tape . Second , the Scarecrow is entirely plastic , right down to the spike that you drive into the ground . Not a big deal perhaps , but if your ground is hard you wo n't be hammering the Scarecrow into the dirt . Finally , if your yard is good sized you 'll probably need two so crap avoidance has its price . -- And do n't forget to run your hose in such a way that you can turn the water off before you approach the Scarecrow , because it will spray anything in its path ; birds , the mailman , anything . This raises some interesting possibilities if you are plagued by door to door salesmen .
 A couple thoughts on this very useful product which I feel slightly guilty about downgrading to four stars : First , the thing works perfectly , at least for me . Before the Scarecrow , my neighbor 's -LRB- big -RRB- dog left a -LRB- big -RRB- present on my lawn , every night . Since the Scarecow , never , not once.Well , okay , once , but that leads to comment two : The trouble is that the Scarecrow can not distinguish between me , enjoying my garden on a fine Summer 's day , and the dog , doing his thing in the middle of the night . This means that I need to be very careful to set up access to the Scarecrow from behind , so I can turn it off and not get soaked every time I walk across the lawn . Once , I forgot to turn it back on , and , sure enough , that night the dog had done its thing.Of course this is both a critique and a compliment
 My husband and I were very disappointed to see that neighborhood rabbits had eaten our bean and pea plants to the stem after only two days of being in the ground . We wanted to keep the rabbits out of the garden area without chemicals , unsightly chicken wire , or traps . We purchased the scarecrow and absolutely love it ! After replanting , our bean and pea plants are healthy and growing . The scarecrow seems to be doing its job of letting the rabbits know they are not welcome in the garden area . I have told friends and family about our happy results . I would recommend this item to anyone looking for a solution to unwanted intruders .
 -LRB- Update
 Length :
 We have tried all sorts of things to keep deer from eating ourtomatoes and hosta -LRB- and almost everything else -RRB- and nothing worksshort of covering everything with `` deer netting . '' And the deeraround here are so brave -LRB- stupid -RRB- that nothing short of runningafter them would scare them away.This gadget certainly scares deer . We saw one older fawn who hadwandered into our back yard in search of breakfast . When hetriggered the device , not only did it bombard him with jets ofwater , but the clicking of the sprayer added a sense of emergencyto it . The deer took off like a shot until it had found thecover of some nearby woods.Drawbacks
 We bought the Scarecrow because of the problems we had with our neighbors cats . The cats would come into our yard and use it as their litterbox . We live in Arizona and have a gravel backyard , so it could easily be mistaken for a litterbox by a cat.We had tried many remedies prior to purchasing this device . The internet was a wealth of knowledge on what to do for cat problems . Most of them had some degree of effectivness but none of the solutions were long lasting . The pepper would blow away in the wind , the tabasco would wash off in the rain.We ordered the Scarecrow from the Amazon approved dealer because we have had very positive results when ordering from Amazon and their affiliated partners . The cost was a bit higher but the piece of mind was worth it.When the device arrived we immediately set it up in the backyard . Remember that you need one 9 volt battery for the sensor to work . The device works by reading a range of almost 180 degrees with a sensitivity knob so it wo n't fire and shoot a stream of water if a leaf blows by . The sprinkler head is adjustable both to horizontal range as well as vertical range . I set the device to fire just at the about the top level of our brick fence so as not to soak my neighbors yard . She was told about the sprinkler also so if her cats came home wet , she would know why.The Scarecrow did a great job of keeping the cats out of our yard . I was very impressed with it . I never heard it fire but left the hose attached and the device on all the time for the first week . The connections were tight and did not leak . The spike on the bottom of the device was strong enough and sturdy enough to survive being pounded into the tough Arizona ground . I did n't put the funky stickers on though . I figured if it was that easy to scare the cats , I could just put a drawing outside ; besides the strong Arizona sun would just bake them off.In very short order the problems we had in that section of our yard were gone . The problem though , is cats are not as stupid as one would hope . The cats just cut through the front yard and hopped the fence on the other side of the yard and did their business there which would necessitate the purchase of a second Scarecrow . We moved away from Arizona prior to purchasing a second Scarecrow but I am sure that it would have proven as successful as the first.Our water bill remained the same since the Scarecrow only fires for short bursts and the cats wo n't stay in range that long.Overall , very worth the cost . This is one device that works as well , if not better , than it is supposed to . I would not hesitate to recommend this device to anyone with animal or pest problems . It is safe , non-toxic and user friendly . Your neighbors who own the pests should not be upset with wet animals and it is better than neighborly discord .
 Our problem is the neighborhood cats who are allowed to roam . They were ruining our garden , lawn , etc. . We tried so many different things to keep them away , without any lasting success . The Scarecrow is fantastic ! The cats -LRB- as well as other bothersome ` strays ' -RRB- stay away and they are not harmed in any way -LRB- except perhaps their pride -RRB- ! The Scarecrow is very well made -- quite sturdy . Also , I had the Scarecrow on daily and the battery lasted for nearly two months.I highly recommend this product -- it is effective on more than just deer or rabbits!Our flower beds and lawn are recovered .
 The 2 I purchased from Amazon did not work right out of the box , but after contacting the company they sent me 2 new ones within 4 business days and they work perfectly . The scarecrow helped solve my problem with stray cats pooping/spraying and regurgitation on my lawn , This is the best ever .
 Bought this to keep my dogs from peeing on my lawn . Works great for that . You just have to remember that it 's on when you walk in front of it or it will remind you the hard way ! Tried it in the vegetable garden to keep the birds and squirrels out , but if you crank up the sensitivity enough , it just goes off all the time . Better suited for dogs and cats . My dog ran into it while chasing the ball and broke the stake off . I called Contech and they sent out a new stake ASAP . Good product , best price anywhere .
 The great thing about this sprinkler is that it does exactly what it says it does
 This product is awesome for getting rid of coons crossing through your yard . Works instantly and gets em high-stepping ...
 Had deer come into our front yard on a regular basis . They were n't much of a problem until they decided to walk down our 20 foot breezeway and down four concrete steps into my wife 's vegetable garden , where they munched everything in sight.We bought the Scarecrow and it has stopped the deer cold.Thank you , Scarecrow .
 It takes a little adjusting to get the sensitivity just right , but it 's very effective .
 So far -LRB- one month -RRB- the Scarecrow has worked great . Wanted to discourage a family of foxes from using our backyard as a playground . We have a small dog -LRB- 6 # -RRB- and were concerned for her safety . Since using the Scarecrow the fox -LRB- and the deer -RRB- do not visit our backyard . They stay in the wooded area behind us . We now live in peace and harmony and nobody got hurt .
 I knew I had to find a solution after deer repeatedly ate my young broccoli and tomato plants . So-called deer repellent spray did n't work . The Contech motion-activated sprinkler seemed like a good option , and Amazon had a good price for it -LRB- way cheaper than Home Depot 's -RRB- . It just works . And - bonus - it waters your plants . The trick is to set it up right . The sensitivity should be adjusted as the seasons progress . The plants grow , and the device could be activated more often as the wind plays with the plants growing in its radius of detection . The battery should be changed when the device shows signs of fatigue - every 3 to 6 months . The first one I bought went through a freezing winter and a scorching summer and still works perfectly . In fact , I 'm so happy with it that I bought another one for the heirloom garden I 'm setting up on the other side of the house .
 I purchased this item to keep the wild bunnies from ruining my front yard lawn . So far so good ... was easy to install . I set it at the midway point no more than a # 5 and have it adjusted so as not to go off when people are walking on the sidewalk.I turn on the water to activate it in the evening and turn it off in the morning.If this works to keep the rabbits away ... I am sure it will work if a larger animal like a dog , etc. would want to do his business on your lawn .
 This item works just as adverti8sed . I bought one because my Brother in law saw it on Amazon . We have a ton of rabbits and squirrels - who does n't - around here and I could never keep them out of my garden , but since I bought the scarecrow I have not have one single item taken from it.I 've recommended it to many people already .
 Works great , but you have to adjust your water preasure . I just turned thevalve down to about 1/3 and it works fine now . You also need a timer oryou will be soaking whoever walks by it . I am buying two more to keep thedeer from eating my other flower beds . So far so good ! It works !!
 The Contech Scarecrow was very easy to set up . Just hook up the hose , add batteries , and aim in the right direction . I just adjusted the sensitivity to 4 and works very well for detecting deer . It does work on infrared , detecting changes in temperature in the target area , so be aware that during really hot days it may go off without animals present due to hot air currents . other than that works very well , detects motion efficiently and we now have tomatoes actually growing and maturing on the plant versus being eaten by vermin . Another caveat , at first I would turn off the water during the day but quickly the deer learned that pattern and modified their eating behavior . Who would have figured they were that smart . So now my water is on 24/7 . I actually had a deer the other day walk by in broad daylight while I sat in the patio under my deck and the poor thing appeared aggravated and stomped its feet at me and made a funny exhaling sound . I guess I made it very angry . So this is good , nice tomatoes and unhappy deer . A very good outcome with a very modest investment .
 I bought the Contech Scarecrow Sprinkler to guard my pond against herons and racoons . So far it has chased off a couple of racoons and we have not seen a heron yet . It certainly does work though . At first I would forget to turn it off when I went to feed my koi in the pond and I must have been sprinkled 3 or 4 times before I remembered to turn it off . It has caught a few family members too .
 I had a neighbours cat keep digging up my garden . I saw the scarecrow motion activated sprinkler and decided thats exactly what I needed.The order came from Amazon very quickly and I set it up straight away . It was very easy to assemble and operate.NO MORE CATS or BIRDS.It works really well and has even got me a few times.You forget its there.Kinda looks cute with all the decals on.Looks almost scary!We 've even thought about getting a second one .
 I was really skeptical but I was desperate to keep my neighbor 's cat out of my yard and away from my bird feeders . I love cats -LRB- I have 2 indoor cats -RRB- but I did NOT want hers snacking on my birds . I 've spent a lot of money on landscaping and bird feeders for my yard to create a bird sanctuary.I set this up and lo and behold the cat quit coming over . I have never seen it actually get sprayed , but I did see it running across her yard away from my fence wet one day so I figured it did.The sensitivity control is great . I have it set where birds in the yard or my juniper trees along the fence do n't set it off waving in the wind . I recommend this to anyone !!!
 For years now my garden has been ravaged by squirrels , possums , and chipmunks . I bought a BB Gun at first but I can not monitor my garden all the time . I found this while looking for traps on Amazon and thoguht I would give it a try . When I received it , I was a bit skeptical . The colors are not the same as the picture and the plastic seemed a bit cheap ... but it works well.I have not quite yet figured out the sensor on it . When I walk in front of it the sprinkler always goes off but sometimes it takes longer than expected . My puppy set it off the other day and right when it finished its spray a big dog ran right infront of it . Nothing happened . I walked out and it went off again.Most importantly , nothing seems to have infiltrated my yard since I installed this . I 'll probably buy another one to face 90 degrees from the current one .
 Not only is it an interesting way to safely clear out pests and deer . Fact is it works and works well ! Perhaps too well , since I seem to keep walking in front of the monitor ;--RRB- I have a pair of these now for new gardens . Thanks !
 I am so thrilled with this product . I had given up trying to grow corn because the racoons always got it just before it was ready . This year we purchased the scarecrow and , even though we have seen a racoon in our area , we have corn on the table ! It has also protected other crops from the deer . The animals in previous years have ruined the melons , and we are waiting to see how this works on that crop .
 We needed a motion activated sprinkler for a little cold frame garden , adjacent our house , and this is just what we needed . We live on a ranch and have many animals that were getting into it , digging and ripping out vegetables . We wanted something that would deter the animals , but in an environmentally safe way . Now any time an animal steps too near it they are sprayed by this sprinkler . Since their initial encounter they do n't even try . What 's also a nice feature is there is a small nob at the base which enables you to quickly and easily turn it off and on at will . Even our 4 year old can do so while we 're picking veggies in our garden . I HIGHLY recommend this product . It 's reasonably priced and w / Amazon Prime we had it shipped priority and just in time for Father 's Day . Daddy was pleasantly surprised and is still complimenting how great it is!Also one day when the sun was blaring our son played a water game with it and enjoyed a refreshing spray , while attempting to outrun it . As summer approaches we are planning on getting another one just for summer play for he and his friends .
 The sensor seems to be working well ; I 'd prefer the stake to be metal -LRB- non-corrosive -RRB- instead of plastic but I knew this before purchasing.Only if I could send review to the manufacturer : - Metal Stake - Timer -LRB- clock -RRB- say 6pm-6am or 9pm-6am only or after dark ; there 's already a battery included so why not add a small timer circuit . I am going to build this myself & maybe come back to amazon to add as a potential add-on to this item : -RRB-
 After battling with the neighbor 's cats for a couple of years over my flower bed/cat toilet and losing every time , I plunked down the $ $ for this pricey deterrent and I FINALLY beat those damn cats ! No more toilet . Unfortunately after about 8 months my scarecrow stopped working and I thought I was going to have to double-down my investment . Not so ! Contech guarantees their product for 2 years . I contacted their tech support and when they determined that it could not be fixed with a part , they shipped me a brand new scarecrow . If you are n't sure because it seems expensive , BUY IT . It will solve your problems AND the company that makes it stands behind it 100 % . No excuses , attempts to dodge their warranty , they simply fulfilled their promise .
 We now have 3 of these sprinklers and I 'm 100 % convinced they work . I now have them on a timer so they only come on at night , and I can tell you , anytime we forget to turn the one that is n't timed on , we can expect the deer to get in and have some snacks.It is a great product . The only feature I 'd like to see is a built in timer system .
 We live in the North Georgia mountains , in a heavily wooded area where hunting is not allowed . Many neighbors feed the deer , which attracts them . Consequently , we have large herds of very hungry deer that eat everything in sight . This summer we had some pretty extensive landscaping done , which included hostas , roses , and many other flowers and shrubs that are deer candy . Spraying with Liquid Fence at least weekly and every time we watered was going through a gallon of the stuff every week . . it quickly got prohibitively expensive and was only marginally effective . Besides the garden was very stinky all the time.A neighbor told me he 'd had good luck with the Scrarecrow , and after reading the reviews here on Amazon I decided to take the plunge and ordered six units , four for the front garden and two for the rear . So far I 'm very happy with the results with a couple caveats.I made a mistake initially and bought light duty hoses to connect up the units . Big mistake ! Since the water must be turned on all the time and sits mostly stagnant in the hoses , the hoses swelled in the sun and threatened to burst . The obvious solution was to buy heavy duty hoses . With this many units though , spaced about 50 feet apart , buying heavy duty hoses at about a dollar a foot would more than double the original cost of the units , not to mention the money already wasted on the cheap hoses . Here 's my solution.Once I 'd determined the best positioning for the units -LRB- the cheap hoses helped here -RRB- , I bought 1/2 '' PVC water pipe at about $ 0.16 / foot and ran the pipe between the daisy-chained units , buried deep enough to cover the pipe -LRB- covering with mulch would also work -RRB- . I cut up a single , 25ft heavy duty hose and made two short , 18 '' hoses for each unit -LRB- I used the plastic Melnor hose menders -RRB- to connect up to the buried pipe . Orbit makes adapters from male and female garden hose to 1/2 '' PVC pipe -LRB- Home Depot , where I bought the pipe , stocks the adapters in the irrigation section , but Lowes does not -RRB- . I ran a single heavy duty hose from the faucet to the first Scarecrow in the daisy chain.For about the first week , there was still a small amount of deer damage around the fringes of the Scarecrow-protected area but none in the areas in the direct range of the electric eyes on the Scarecrow units . After that , the deer simply stayed away . It 's been at least a month since any deer ventured anywhere near the landscaping , and the only time the units trigger is with the wind moving leaves or my forgetting to turn them off when I go into the garden . Oh , and the UPS van always trips one of the units for some reason . The driver says he appreciates the cool-off . I would have given 5 stars to this product , if there were a couple design improvements . An on-off switch should have been included in the design . The only way to turn it off is to turn the sensitivity adjustment to zero . This works , but since the sensitivity adjustment is fiddly it would be nice not to have to go through the adjustment routine every time you turn it off . Turning off the water stops you getting sprayed when working in the garden , but the units still trigger , using up battery . An on-off switch would allow leaving the water on and disabling individual units without disturbing the sensitivity adjustment or wasting battery life.As to battery life , I do n't now . In two months I have n't had to replace any batteries but replacement involves inverting the unit , meaning you have to either disconnect the hoses and pull the stake out of the ground or , probably better , unscrew the sensing unit and sprinkler head from the stake . I know putting the battery compartment on the bottom of the unit helps to keep water out , but it makes changing the battery awkward . There must be a better way . I can see that battery life could be considerably shortened in a windy environment due to false triggering , possibly to the point where the units would become impractical .
 The first year that I had my strawberry patch they were eaten by the neighborhood raccoons before they even completely ripened . I also have a veggie garden adjacent to the strawberries and it was being used as a kitty toilet and nothing worked to deter these critters until I found the contech ! Since then I 've been able to harvest every strawberry and I no longer have to `` scoop '' my veggie garden every week . Even when I forget to turn it back on , the cats see the scary bird and avoid the area . I placed it so I could turn it off from behind whenever I needed to go by and set it so it sprays away from the path of the meter-reader . It really does n't have to hit the intruders -- they are so startled by it just turning on that I can really narrow the spray pattern . I plan to purchase another to protect my pond fish from predators and maybe a third to help protect trees and shrubs outside of the deer fence.Cons
 We all know the heart break of planting things and seeing them destroyed by wildlife . I love my new home and being surrounded by the deer , rabbits , birds etc was what I loved about it ... Last summer I watched all my hard work be destroyed ... I just recently received the scarwcrow and I love it ... I was sitting on my steps last night and watched the neighborhood bunnie hop up to my begonias ... and blast ... he zipped out of there pronto ... I really think I might be able to have my rose bushes this year . It it worth the expense and I highly recommend it ... only problem is I think I 'll have to move my mailbox ... dont think the mail man will appreciate it much LOL .
 We purchase 2 more of these , the first two we purchased 2 years ago . At the end of the year last year , one of these quit working . I 'm not sure why , we have very hard water , so maybe that is wreaking havoc on them ? We have a large yard , about 11/2 acres to cover and several planting beds . They do seem to keep most of the animals away . We had been having issues with the deer and rabbits coming into the perinnial and flower planting beds and this has taken care of most of the problems . Last spring early morning about day break , my wife and I witnessed a doe and fawn tip toeing very tenatively toward the covered area near Scarecrow . She stayed out of range , wanting to go forward and then eventually she turned around and retreated in to the woods . I would give them 5 stars if one had n't gone bad already .
 Do n't even think about this product just buy it , it really works great . But beware you will get sprayed in your face at least once !!
 This works great ! I plan to buy another to get full coverage of my garden . It comes with the `` scarecrow '' decals not applied so if you do not want them , it is a plain black box . We opted to attach the decals and think it looks great ! It senses every animal that has tried to enter the garden including those pesky wild turkeys . I highly recommend this .
 We put the Contech Scarecrow in place by our pond and are finally able to keep fish from being carried away for dinner by the Heron ! This device works better than any other things we had tried . I highly recommend it to anyone who needs to protect their fish from predators .
 It was garden time but since we live in the country with tons of roaming deer I wanted an easy way to protect the garden . I was skeptical at first but with so many positive reviews I went for it . Its been installed for three months and we have yet to loose any plants to deer . We have seen plenty of them roaming the grounds but they do n't go near the garden . Installation was simple and it covers a 30 ' X 60 ' space . We keep the sensitivity adjustment set to moderate and it does n't come on unless an animal -LRB- like my dog -RRB- goes in the garden . I was worried about having to replace the 9 volt battery often but I am still on my first one after three months . My uncle has an electric fence and he says the deer still get into his garden . He laughed about this device when I told him about it . He said the deer would figure it out . Well I 'm the one laughing now because I 'm the one eating my vegetables and he is still fighting to keep the deer out .
 So far the Scarecrow is working although the parts seem pretty plastic . Whether it is deterring the deer , we are n't yet sure but we have n't been bothered by them !
 This is the best thing to happen to my property ! This is my second year and I have flowers and bushes now . That is the first time in 10 years that we are able to have plants that are not just evergreens . Our big problem is deer . They eat everything but after installing a few of these around the house I do not have any problems . The cost of these is about what you would pay to replace a good sized bush before the deer get there . In my view they are worth every penny you spend on them .
 Our indoor male cat is extremely territorial and was feeling quite threatened by a few unfamiliar stray cats who had started prowling around our property , spraying on our porch steps . All of this activity caused him to start to spray indoors in an attempt to defend his space . Well , both things had to stop ! The Scarecrow was recommended to us by a cat behaviorist as a humane but `` serious '' way to deter the cats from our yard . He said if we wanted to give our indoor male the best chance at relieving his territorial anxieties it was crucial to make our yard an unwelcome place to those outdoor cats . The first few nights we had them set up , aimed at the areas we knew the cats frequented and we heard them go off several times , a sign that a cat was crossing it 's path , and each night afterwards less and less until eventually no more cat sightings ! They 've learned their lesson and stay out of our yard . Our indoor male is again his happy , laid-back self and I am a very satisfied customer ! As some other reviews have said ... yes , do use plumbers tape at the joints . It gives a much tighter seal , preventing leaks .
 Easy assembly and works great . Photo eye is sluggish to respond sometimes but did eventually go off . I bought two of these to keep my dogs from digging in a hillside that I have been trying to reseed for years now but they always dug holes . Works like a charm .
 Finely something that realy keeps animals at bay . Our deer problem is huge with no way of fencing . I purchased 2 and plan to get 2 more !
 This was the solution I needed . Every time I worked in my flower bed I was also working in the neighbor 's cats ' toilet . Since recieving the Scarecrow Motion Activated Spinkler , there has not been one present left in the flower bed ! It is a nice way to detour the cats without any long term harm and I always chuckle to myself when I hear it go off . Great product .
 I bought this for my daughter , they live in a development and had cats and dogs doing their thing on the lawn . They needed a sensible solution fast ! They hooked up the sprinkler and have n't had a problem since !! The only thing to watch out for is that you do n't get caught in the line of fire ... they forgot about it once or twice and got wet but said it was worth it to solve the animals eliminating on their lawn .
 We could n't be more pleased with the Scarecrow -LRB- which we call the Cat Blaster , CeeBee for short -RRB- . No leaks whatsoever , range and sensitivity as advertised , plastic stake went into our hard Arizona ground easily , just be careful . Since the first night , when we heard it go off a couple of times , the offending cat has not appeared again . During the day we turn the sensitivity to `` off '' and also turn off the water . However especially in the hot Arizona sun , pressure builds up in the hose so it is a good idea to relieve the pressure occasionally one way or another -LRB- we have a bifurcating `` wye '' valve and just release pressure into the other hose -RRB- . And be sure to use a quality hose , sustained pressure on a cheapo hose will ruin it quickly .
 I live in northern Virginia , where the deer not only ruin gardening by eating everything decent -LRB- azaleas , hostas , etc -RRB- but leave their little gifts of thanks on the lawn . For us , it was like having six or more dogs without the fun and affection . We 've counted as many as two dozen deer in the yard . On our half-acre , that meant an hour or more every weekend picking up deer poop so my boys would n't accidentally encounter it.Enter the Scarecrow , a gift from my sainted mother . We have just one , but it works so well that it has spooked the deer from our property in general -- not just the area covered by the device . I 'm very pleased to report that the poop volume has diminished by more than 90 percent . I think our success comes from moving the thing around so it 's unpredictable . I 'm planning on buying another one , even though just this one seems to work so well , as I expect other critters to start paying attention to our vegetable garden as it comes in.Highly recommended . Definitely worth the cost -LRB- my time on the weekends is definitely worth funfzig bucks an hour or more -RRB- .
 The scarecrow is a true lifesaver ... . for my goldfish at least ! I struggled with a cat problem for several months , losing 10 , perhaps 20 goldfish that resided in my outdoor garden tubs . I 've physically chased the cat away , hoping it would have some sort of lasting `` scary '' impression , but my goldfish population kept dwindling . I even tried using rosemary/lavender oils , scents that are supposed cat deterrents , with even less success . I almost ordered a batch of the fox urine -LRB- yuck -RRB- repellent sold online , but decided against it after reading the heaps of bad reviews it garnered . And then , 20 unfortunate goldfishies too late , I stumbled upon the water scarecrow . At first I was n't too thrilled at having to spend over 50 bucks on a cat deterrent , but I had already spent more than twice that on the cost of goldfish -LRB- yes yes , I know there is no cost to be placed on innocent lives -RRB- so I did the math and knew it would have paid for itself , if it did infact do what it had claimed . What actually sealed the deal for me was reading all the reviews on here . SOOO many people raving over this little gadget , loads of stories that started out so similar to my own , but instead ended happily ever after ... . with the help of the scarecrow of course ! So I bought it , and have NEVER LOST A GOLDFISH SINCE . I 've even absentmindedly left the water source turned off overnight a few times , but thankfully , that 's not nearly enough time for Mr. Cat to muster enough courage to face the scarecrow again . I guess there 's nothing better than a cold splash of water to show a cat that its unwanted .
 Every day when I went out into my front yard garden I cleaned up after the neighbors cat who had used my garden to relieve itself . I bought the scarecrow , as suggested by my friend . I am totally thrilled with the results . No more cats ! This is a gentle , humane way to deter animals from invading my gardens ! I plan to purchase another scarecrow soon .
 It 's keeping the neighbors cats away from my bird feeder very effectively . I will try it this coming spring on the deer that eat my garden . Hopefully I can stop putting up my electric fence
 I used to end up buying feeder fish for my pond because the neighborhood cats and racoons would eat the fish . I tried nets but did not like the way they looked and what good is a water feature if it looks bad . Then I found this . Since I 've installed it , the neighboorhood cats have stayed out of my yard and make a large arc around it . I have not lost any fish and have even added some expensive Koi without fear of simply buying pricey cat food . I would highly recommend this for anyone who is tired of dealing with neighborhood cats entering thier yard .
 I gave this to my dad for father 's day last year to try to keep the deer , possums , and woodchucks away from his vegetables , and to keep the neighbor 's cats from overfertilizing them . It works great . Both years it 's taken about a month for the animals to get the message , but then they do n't even come near the garden . Yes , it will spray you if you 're not careful , and a good stiff breeze can move the bushes enough to trigger it , but it works . Only warning , you need to think before you put this thing in you 're garden . It took a couple tries to get location perfect so it covers the whole garden . Now my dad has so many veggies , he has to give them away . Great tool !
 We have woodchuck and bunny problems in our garden and this is a great way to keep them out and our lawn watered ! Our dog will set it off and run like crazy so hubby gets wet , so we are having fun with it also ! So far , our tomatoes and my flowers are looking much happier and healthier .
 Had a real problem with deer grazing in my cannas until I bought this product . Works great ! How do I know ? As long as I had this hooked up and the water turned on , no sign of damage to my cannas . When we left on a trip for two weeks and turned the water off , came back to find them leveled to the ground ! Now just need to find something similar that does n't require me to leave the water turned on while I travel
 I have used these for several years and have a half dozen of them . They are ridiculously expensive however so when I saw a Lightning Deal on Amazon I grabbed another one and sent links to friends who also have used these after seeing ours . Our yard is way too big and one side is a riverbank so a deer fence is not practical . I use these in series to make a virtual fence where our roses and some other deer delicacies reside . I know it works because when we forget to turn it on after working in that area the deer return . It may take a few days or a week but eventually they are back . A friend uses them differently . He fenced his yard except a single open space which he guards with the Scarecrow . It is great fun to watch out his window as a small herd works it 's way towards the opening in the fence and then scatters in panic as the sprayer goes off . It is clearly not the water but the sudden noise that does the trick as they all take off not just the closest one that triggered it .
 I have had this product for a year now , and it has worked great to keep the deer and rabbits out of the garden . However , it quit working one day . I called the company with my amazon receipt in hand and they sent me some how to instructions for cleaning the unit . I followed the instructions but the unit still did not work . I called them back and they replaced the unit under warranty . I am very happy with customer service of this company .
 I bought this about 11/2 years ago to protect my Koi from being eaten by a heron that likes to visit . It does a great job . The unit starting firing when turned off when it was about six months old . I contacted Contech about this . They suggested some things to do to fix it . None worked . I emailed them again and they promptly sent me a new unit no questions asked . They even told me to keep the old one and use it for parts . That is customer service . I will recommend this product to anyone needing the protection it gives . It also keeps cats and other animals away .
 This worked GREAT at keeping the deer and elk out of my garden in the foothills of Colorado . I wrapped tephlan tape around the threads and had no leaks . Which is essential as we 're on very limited water . We also have high winds frequently and in those cases we just adjusted the dial to make it less sensitive . The only thing is the plastic . It seems flimsy . Even the peg to put it in the ground is plastic . I do n't think it will last long . It is such an effective product that I would be willing to pay a bit more for a metal product that was guaranteed for 10 years or more . This one will probably be lucky to see three years .
 I have three units , two Scarecrow and one Havahart . I can see no difference in results . Both have done an excellent job keeping deer away . The raccoons ignore the spray and suffer the consequences . My guess is that the units are made by the same company . The parts seem to be interchangeable and work the same way . I recommend both products as a very effective way to keep deer away as they do n't like either the water or the noise generated . After four years , we finally we have roses .
 Love it - has kept the deer from eating my flowers and out of my yard !!! I 'm ordering more !
 Contech Electronics CRO101 Scarecrow Motion-Activated SprinklerLove it ! Works great ! Deer are easily frightened away from my garden . The kids have enjoyed it as well!Easy to set up . It does not use much water . Easy to set the distance you need it to recognize animal movement . Great results !
 The Scarecrow Motion Sprinkler has been a lifesaver for our garden . We live in a neighborhood overrun with cats . Although we have nothing against them , they 've been really destructive when we try to grow plants and have a garden . This motion-activated sprinkler has worked faithfully at keeping every cat in the area from using our yard as a litter box . Well worth the money !
 Worth the investment . Before my scarecrows arrived , I was fighting a losing battle with nature . Rabbits and birds were having a field day with lettuce and strawberries . The scarecrows arrived . Were easy to assemble and put to use the same day . Since then , my lettuces have taken off and several sunflower plants that were showing signs of nibbles , are about 2 ' tall . The strawberry patch has been less successful but I believe it is because the scarecrow needs to be set higher in the garden . I will try attaching it to a stake so that is able to detect movement better - and not obstructed by the plants.One side benefit is that the auto-sprinkler catches unsuspecting family , friends and neighbors and provides for a good laugh . Almost worth the investment alone ...
 east setup and works great detecting movement . I have n't seen it work yet with keeping animals away but I also have n't had any of my vegetables bothered either so it must be working great . The deer usually come at night and I am in bed so I can only attest to how well it works by my untouched garden ! Definitely recommend and much easier than having to put up a fence !
 I have used this product in two different regions , both with high deer populations due to close proximity of my perennial garden to nature preservation areas . Once the Scarecrows have been installed , I have very little problem with deer `` nibblers '' . Many times I have seen a herd of deer enter my yard moving always just beyond the activation range of the scarecrows I have installed . No chemicals and no repeat applications to keep deer away !
 The scarecrow sprinkler works great to keep the animals out of your garden . My neighbor 's cat used ours for his personal kitty box and now he ca n't step in without getting a bath .
 I had watched how well my neighbor 's worked last year.The spray scares away cats and dogs from doing their duty in my yard.I love it .
 I was really upset when I discovered that a posse of raccoons had discovered a corner of the yard that I had just gotten around to cleaning out and planting . I did n't want to the kill the buggers ; I just wanted them to discover some neighbors ' property which would offer them the privacy they craved . When cayenne pepper did n't work , I feared my only option might be to trap the critters and drive them to the other side of the mountains . The Scarecrow Sprinkler seemed like a compromise
 This is a repeat buy for us . We now own three . We use them to deter Deer and other critters from our yard . They work . Only one slight problem which is they must be moved from time to time because the deer will remember where they are . Works an entire season on one battery .
 Only thing we have found that will keep the geese off the yard . We have used them for about four years . Our original is still working .
 This is n't the perfect solution to those pesky wabbits in my yard but it 's a good deterrent . It works as advertised but there is a learning curve to its set up location & sensitivity if you are planning on using it in an area where people are present or cars drive by.I bought it to protect my newly planted yard but I found that I was also protecting my neighbors driveway from that pesky car that wanted to park in the driveway . Sensitivity and distance has been re-set but the neighbor still is n't talking to us.I especially like the fact that the distance and radius of the spray are easily set and you do n't have to be a irrigation expert to opperate it . The down side on our small lot was finding a location where it would n't be set off by cars or people . After trial and error , I think that we 've finally got it . It has a default so it wo n't go off every 8 seconds if you are ` Scare Crow challenged ' and do n't get the settings right at first.Cost is probably the bigest deterrent to purchasing but its price is much higher in retail stores . I am planning on getting my moneys worth though as it will move to the back yard garden when the new front is established . It would be nice if the 9volt battery was included . There 's nothing more dissapointing than getting a new toy and having to wait to use it.And be prepared for neighborhood kids on a hot day ; - -RRB-
 The deer ate EVERYTHING out of our garden last summer . I had heard others who had had great success at keeping the deer out with this sprinkler . I have to say it has worked like a charm . Make sure you check the batteries because they will run down . Plants waiving in the wind will also cause it to activate so that can rundown the batteries . You 'll forget at least once to turn it off before you go into your garden ... I got sprayed and screamed so loud my kids laughed till they cried .
 The sprinkler solved a problem I was having with the neighbor 's cat pooping in my yard . I was disappointed to not be awoken by a cat screaming as it was doused with water , but the cat seems to have got the picture anyway . There are a few downsides to the unit . As other reviewers have stated the sprinkler head is sub-par , especially considering the cost of the overall unit . However , this is easy to replace . I wish there was a remote control so it could be turned off from a safe distance . I 've been hit a couple times making the mad dash to turn it off from behind . It would also be nice if it took AA batteries vs. the 9V not included battery . I did not have a problem with leaks as other have stated . Overall , I am very happy with the purchase , and my kids are happy to be able to play in the back yard without the fear of falling into a pile of cat poop .
 The Scarecrow should work . The sensitivities seem right and the water pressure is sufficient to scare off the deer which frolick , unwantedly , in our garden . The problem is the set up . The hose to Scarecrow connection , as is , would require disassembling the Scarecrow from its stake , then rotating it to remove it from a garden hose . There should be a swivel female acceptor for the garden hose which would allow quick and easy disconnection from the garden hose . The `` quick release '' device provided is of minimal use , as it would require purchasing quick release accessories for each garden hose -LRB- we bought three Scarecrows -RRB- , and these quick release accessories would not be compatible , easily , with other sprinklers , wand sprinklers , nozzles , etc. . It is difficult to find a swivel female -LRB- for the garden hose end -RRB- and male -LRB- for the Scarecrow connection -RRB- accessory . Instead , I ended up with a brass female swivel to female connector which requires screwing the quick release plastic piece in part way , then attaching the brass female part to the short piece of plastic male piece still accessible and the swivel female part to the garden hose . Contec should have a better hose to Scarecrow connection . lb
 I 've tried everything ! Horrible smelly sprays that stay in your nose for days , eggs , bars of soap , hair , a big dog , moth balls , cayenne pepper , garlic , red ribbons , you name it . This is the only thing that has allowed my garden to grow . The deer would eat everything that was an inch or two above the soil . I have 20 + deer that live on my property , and my garden was their salad bowl ... until I put the Scare Crows around the perimeter . I was so used to nothing working , it seemed too good to be true , but it is true . I ordered more this year so I can increase my garden . They 're also entertaining when unsuspecting friends get a little too close and trigger the spray of water . Sometimes , it 's me !
 My neighbor has 20 + cats and they roam free and use the neighborhood flower beds as their litter box , so I was reading about the scarecrow and decided to give it a try WOW !!! WHAT A PRODUCTThe scarecrow does an excellent of job keeping the cats from using my flowerbed as a litter box , I turn it on at dark and I hear it going of sometimes through the night.After a weeks time I have n't turn on the scarecrow -LRB- but I still leave it in place -RRB- and my flower bed is cat free , too bad for the neighbor he is entertaining the furry felines noweven my indoor cat -LRB- fred -RRB- is getting some rest , he can finally look out through the day and wish he could go play with the birds not happeningthe scarecrow does exactly what it says and I recommend it and the neighbors get a laugh watching the cats run from the waterthe scarecrow buy it you wo n't be disappointed
 this product works great it stopped the neibor kids from riding bikes through my yard .
 This product worked as advertised , and likely would have solved our deer-in-the-garden problem ... except our 35-year old plumbing was n't capable of handling the constant water pressure without seriously dripping at the spigot . I replaced the hose washers , wrapped the threads with teflon plumber 's tape , bought a new garden hose ... but the leaks just migrated . -LRB- There was NO leak at the sprinkler itself . -RRB- Amazon 's excellent return policy kept this from being an expensive failure ... and if we had a newer home , I 'd buy this product again without hesitation !
 Best ever , actually works . Only thing I found works with raccoons . I have one , and just bought this one for my dad .
 My garden was continually used as a liter box for the neighbor 's cats and got the Scarecrow , installed it in minutes and now I harvest nothing but vegetables from my garden . Great product !
 Pleasantly supprised . I had to unhook it for a party and forgot to put it back together for several days , and there was not a single mess - the cats are trained ! I have been hit by this thing , and it sure does send a message . Other reviewers are right that positioning it so that you can approach from This worked , and it worked fast . We moved into a house in which a 12 ` x17 ' area behind the garage had been previously covered in sand , and when we got there every animal in the neighborhood had been using it as a sandbox . We had the sand dug out and sod put down , but cats kept on using the area there because they were used to it . The scarecrow sprinkler was a cinch to put together and install , and we have n't seen any messes in the backyard since putting it up . behind is very important .
 I purchased the Scarecrow as a `` last resort '' in an effort to keep my beloved horticulture safe . We had tried so many solutions , I lost count - each one promising success . The Scarecrow -LRB- 3 of them -RRB- are positioned around our yard at strategic spots -LRB- inside our fence -RRB- and seems to work in keeping the deer at bay . As we are told the deer will adjust and enter at a different site . we change up the positions periodically . Thanks to this product , I now rarely loose a plant , shrub or vegetable to the deer herd in our neighborhood . It is OUR PLEASURE to enjoy the wildlife now without resenting their intrusion into our `` private space '' .
 Mallard ducks were making a mess in our pool . Since installing the Scarecrow , the ducks have not returned . I mounted the Scarecrow in a 12-inch clay pot filled with concrete so that I could position it near the water on the pool deck . Obviously , the Scarecrow has to be turned off before using or cleaning the pool or doing yard work . Fortunately , that easy to do with the dial on the back of it .
 My home is at the edge of a parkland forest , and there is a severe problem of deer encroaching and eating the flowers and shrubs . For over a decade I have tried many approaches to repel the deer , including barricades , taste and odor repellents , electrical shocking devices , noisemakers , and sprinklers . The most successful repellers are those that use infra-red motion sensors to frighten the deer by suddenly flashing a light , making a sound , or squirting them with water . However , all of these electronic devices , except for the Contech Scarecrow , suffer from problems of short battery life and unreliability . The Scarecrow is the only such device I know of that seals all of the electronic circuits in a solid block of cast plastic to keep out moisture , insects , and fungus . It operates reliably , day and night , in all kinds of weather . I bought my first one almost ten years ago , and currently have four of them at work in my yard . The purchase cost is more than other deer frighteners , but they last so long that they are cheaper in the long run . Sometimes `` false alarms '' are caused by sunlight reflected from moving foliage , but this can be eliminated by turning the Scarecrows off in bright sunlight . You have to remember to turn each Scarecrow off before mowing or gardening in front of it , and you ca n't use the Scarecrow when the temperature is below freezing .
 I was surprised by how easily this was to put together and set up . You put the scarecrow stickers on yourself , so those are optional if you prefer a more subtle look . I 've only had it out for a couple days , but I 've seen deer react to it and they leave in a hurry . I might get another one.One thing I wanted to mention that I did n't quite grasp when I ordered it is that it 's just a motion sensor that opens a valve to a sprinkler . It 's not doing any aiming ; it just turns the sprinkler on for a few seconds . You can adjust the sprinkler coverage with a couple stops and the distance with a wheel on the top of the sprinkler head , but it 's not like it hits animals with a targeted jet of water.Still , a great product that humanely deters animals .
 works well , and I have had the opportunity to see 2-3 cats trigger the sprinkler then sprint out of my yard . after all the poop in the garden , that was worth it ! it can be tricky to get the sensativity setting right - too low and it wo n't go off , too high and it can be triggered by plants swaying in the wind ... but a little extra water on the garden is n't a big deal . It definitely works .
 Works Great ! Have n't had a problem with any 4-legged pests in the veggie garden since I installed it . Did have to get water pressure reducer for the line to use it , like it stated in instructions . Well worth it .
 This really works . Keeps deer away from azaleas , daylilies , etc. that are salad bar for varmints otherwise .
 I bought this to keep dogs and cats off of my lawn . They would appear late at night and use my lawn as their personal rest area . I got the sprinkler and hooked it up , I heard it go off several times during the night and have not heard it go off since because the animals wont come around any longer . It really makes an impression on them . Its a good item
 I bought this to keep some stray cats from spraying on my patio furniture . It works great ... no more cats ... but it leaked from the two ends where you would attach the end cap or the hose . I used teflon tape to stop the leaking on the end cap . When I attached my hose to the other side ... there is no rotating cap or nut , to tighten it ... you have to literally spin the whole unit around to tighten your hose . Then when I wanted to change to a shorter hose ... I could n't get my other one out ! A seperate hose attachement , that could be removed from the unit , would be great .
 The scarecrow does the Job that you pay for . When I got it I could n't believe how simple it is to configure . It comes with decals too which was fun to put on -LRB- The eye , eyebrow , upper and lower beek -RRB- . What else can I say it works . Its kept away birds , dogs , cats . In my case I have no fences that separate my property so when I 'm away at work anything can come on my property and do its business . I was getting pretty upset so I got this and problem solved . Best money I ever spent .
 I lilke it . It was easy to install -LRB- unlike other negative reviews on putting it together -RRB- . . and it works . Most times it keeps squirrels out but because the water flow arcs , it does n't always scare the little varmints on the ground under the arc . It is the best deterrent so far.LdpStamford CT
 I LOVE this product !!! I purchased three because my topography lends itself to a northwest DEER HEAVEN . I set all to three to cover the plantings on a large patio of 16 ' x 90 ' . After two squirt events to the dog , he has learned not to cross the motion detection path ... my husband on the other hand can not be taught as quickly . He still gets blasted regularly.I found the construction sturdy and once our backyard is fenced , I plan to move these brilliant devices to our front landscape areas.I highly recommend this product!Lisa
 We bought this Motion-Activate Sprinkler to scare the @ # % & $ * % # @ * raccoons . Well , so far , so good . I do n't yet trust it to the point of taking the net off my pond which the raccoons had previously ravaged . But , since we purchased this item the net is still in place , not torn or sunk to the bottom of the pond , our surviving fish are recovering from their post traumatic stress , and I have the pleasure of hearing it go off in the middle of the night and imagining irritated raccoons.We turn it off during the day so that the birds and the squirrels can come to drink from our little waterfall . Now it 's a habit , just like locking the doors at night , to reset the sprinkler.I 'm afraid they 'll get wise to it though , hence the net . But , it is the only thing that has given us any respite from these pesky critters in years . I consider it well worth the money .
 My dog fights through the fence with our neighbors dog -- both big dogs and it was taking its toll on our fence -- we looked at everything and could n't bear to shock our dogs -- we thought we would try this -- and in one afternoon it is done -- my dog stops short of the sensor -- no more fence damage or the noise disturbance to the neighborhood -- and it was not harmful to our dog -- I love this thing and wish i had heard about it long ago !
 We have a adult black bear visiting , and the Scarecrow keeps him out of the garbage cans.I read about putting the scarecrow on a water timer and that is the answer to the problem ofit flashing you , or the UPS personal .
 These motion sprayers are great ! We have had a problem with squirrels and deer , we installed the sprinklers and the deer stayed away . I think the squirrels actually enjoyed the bath , so we 're still looking for something to keep them away . The sprinklers worked so well for us , my father-in-law tried them in his garden and no more deer for him either . The deer were coming in all times of the day and eating his tomatoes , but not anymore ! The sprinklers have varying sprays and intensity , the batteries last quite a while also . Great product .
 Have tried everything to get rid of raccoons and skunks from tearing up my lawn . This product finally worked . THANKS !
 so far it has worked a treat on bush turkeys . they still learn the boundaries and get in but it is much better than repairing damage every day . The only issue is the battery does not last very long , I have been unsing it for 1 month and have had to replace battery all ready
 Pretty easy to set up and it works ! The width of the spray and how far it shoots is all adjustable so you can make it work for your needs - easily .
 We had one end of a flowerbed killed completely off by a neighbors cat . My first thought was my old reliable BB gun but the wife was having none of that . After some research we decided on the Scarecrow sprinkler . It works ! It got me a few times too . I 'd definitely buy another if the need arises .
 Since this purchase came late in the season for a colder climate , we have only been able to try it for a couple of weeks . But I am happy to report that for those 2 weeks the pesky neighborhood cats were pursued by this new scare tactic . It does indeed give them cause to do their daily deeds in another location . And if that location is another area of your yard , just move the crow and wait for the next success . Watch out for yourself as you will activate the motion with very little movement . So far very happy and have high hopes starting next spring .
 My neighbor has one of these guarding his koi pond . We had trouble with possums digging up our lawn and raccoons just making general mischief , so I got one too . It certainly works well , more thank once I wandered into it 's protection zone and got sprayed . It did discourage the possums , but the raccoons either disregard the spray or actually play in it . This would be an ideal deterrent to trick-or-treaters if you run out of candy on Halloween .
 We 've had trouble with skunks traveling through our backyard from one neighbor that leaves cat food out at night to another . We tried every standard recommendation of how to deter them , but none of these things worked . After one of our slow , aging pets was sprayed , we hired someone to trap and relocate the skunks . There were a total of four , and it was not inexpensive to have this done . Eighteen months later , we have skunks again . I am not sure if it is the same family that we trapped or not , but they are using the same access points . We had tried to seal off these access points with dirt , concrete blocks , wood panels , chicken wire , etc. , but those little guys can dig around anything.Enter the Water Scarecrow . I removed all of the obstacles from their usual access point and set up the sprinkler . It began working immediately , as soon as it was dark enough for the skunks to come out . We could hear when it went off each time , and were frankly surprised at how often it did . We saw a skunk running away on one occasion , and woke to evidence that the skunk had actually sprayed at the scarecrow on another . I do n't know how long it takes skunks to learn , but after three days , we 've noticed a lot less activity.The great thing about the scarecrow is that we 'll have it to use every time another unwelcome animal comes around . I have a raccoon that visits on occasion to search for grubs in my flower beds . He is my next target ! Also , my young son thinks it is beyond hilarious every time it goes off , and it 's almost worth the cost just to hear him laugh like that !
 Works great , once I changed the hose I was using to one with a larger interior diameter . With the smaller hose the sprinkler head would not reverse direction at the end of a sweep . Now it works great.It would be useful to have a continuous setting of some sort on the device in order to allow it to function as a standard lawn sprinkler as well .
 This is our second `` Scarecrow '' It is on around the pond ALL THE TIME ! It has saved the lives of many a Koi from Hawks , Herons and Raccoons.In the winter we have a net over the pond , but all spring , summer and fall we have our great little scarecrow on.When your relaxing in the yard , you have to remember to turn off the water flow , or you will be `` machine gunned '' with a jet of water ! Im thinking it would work in gardens on deer and rabbits too.We have been using it for about 8 or 9 years.Just mind the battery , when it starts to slow down , Change it right away.Battery usually lasts 3 or 4 weeks , and is definitely worth changing verses the loss of a fish .
 These scarecrows work . I had ducks coming by my pool daily and making a mess . Now if they attempt to land the contech scarcrows shoot water at them and they fly away . If these scarecrows can scare aquatic animals like ducks I am sure it will work great on other animals or tresspassers . I recomend getting a few since the uses are unlimited !
 The contech scarecrow has apparently saved my roses and vegetable garden . It has worked as advertised , and I am pleased with my purchase of two units .
 Early fall of 2010 , we planted thuja green giants next to the backyard fence . They are the only trees in our large backyard . And it did n't take long before our two dogs started using them as their favorite place to urinate . No amount of training would completely stop this behavior . Six months later the thujas have survived , but definitely struggling at the base . My husband suggested putting a wire fence around the trees . Great idea , but not too attractive next to the vinyl fence . After searching through Amazon ran across the scarecrow and was very encouraged by the reviews . It arrived on yesterday ... set up was very easy . After coming inside , watched as our dogs walked toward the thujas . They did not get close before they were startled by the scarecrow and ran straight into the house . We are loving the scarecrow already , but our dogs ... not so much .
 This is the only thing that has been effective in keeping geese and crows off the lawn and patio that I 've ever found ... I love the geese , but not at the doors . It works like it 's supposed to , easy set up and would be a good sprinkler for kids to play in rather than have a sprinkler on all the time . The grass is growing , but not getting saturated with water ... I love this product !
 This thing is powerful ! Works great though . I had mine facing my front lawn/street because of all stray cats leaving their mail on my lawn . Anyway , problem was it went off for all cars passing by also , at least 30 feet away on the higher settings but I 've adjusted it now .
 Kick 's Butt . No squirrels , no crows , no groundhogs in the garden ! Also no kids . Also great for practical jokes , send your in-laws up to look at the garden and watch as they get sprayed and run away -LRB- too funny -RRB- .
 Amazing product . does exactly what i need it to do . keep my neighbors and any ferrell cats out . havent seen a cat since , and no more cat poo .
 I purchased this products to keep cats out of my yard . It works really well . It does whatit says . Fun to watch ! I have purchased three ! Really funny when it gets you !!! CompanyVERY nice to deal with .
 The scarcrow works ! I ca n't get by it even 30 ft away . Seems to keep the deer away so far but the racoons could care less . I thought it worked well enough that I ordered another one for my other corner
 My garden would not last the season without this product , the deer stay away ! I have one in the back yard and another in the front , hidden beside a bush .
 Because of flooding at the river nearby , two bucks decided to visit my yard . They were eating the apples from my 3 trees and in one end and out the other . They also were eating my hibiscus and other plants and doing a lot of damage very quickly . I installed the scarecrow and have n't seen them since . YEA !
 This product is great . We had a family of kittens playing in our play structure at night . After a couple days , they found someplace else to play , but not in our yard . We do live in an area with quite a bit of wind , so on those days we have to shut it off . The sensor picks up any movement of leaves or flowers .
 The product works and performs as advertized . I had about 5 cats from the neighbors that were using my back yard as a litter box . Very discusting specially when you have 12 pre-schoolers that use the back yard for outdoor playing -LRB- Large Family Child Care -RRB- and every day I have to clean and get the back yard ready for the children . It 's been 2 months know after I installed the device and I do n't even see or hear the cats anymore ; no more `` crap '' in my back yard . As a bonus I been having a blast watching my friends when they come to visit and they get caught by surprise ... it is fuuuuunny .
 This product is the most effective tool I have found to keep unwanted animals from destroying the lawn and landscape specimens . It works on the principle that they do n't like to get their faces wet , and it keeps them away without harming them . The product works as advertised . It was simple to assemble and set up in the yard , and it stopped racoons from ripping up new sod to get at bugs in the soil . Just remember to shut off the hose when you go to mow the yard !! I was not able to find this product in stores . Amazon delivered in 2 days at the lowest price I found on the Net . I 'm a happy camper !
 I love this scarecrow ! I have not seen the Heron that was terrorizing my fish since I have installed this device . I no longer wake up at 4 in the morning and run to the window to see if my fish are being eaten . I should have bought this long ago ! It does spit when the wind blows but I just consider that it is watering the plants too ! Love it !
 The Scarecrow is amazing . We have no more deer using our gardens for a salad ! We placed them front and back and are now enjoying flowers and bigger plants -LRB- and an occasional shower when we forget they are on -RRB- . This product is highly recommended and well worth the investment .
 The scarecrow I orderd works really good . I thought it might go off too many times when a critter was n't around and waste water and run the battery down but it does not . Iam very happy with it .
 This product was exactly as described ! Racoons were digging up my new sod . It was easy to assemble and the lil ' varmints are gone and I expect them to stay away !
 works good.no complaints.only worried about battery useage but not because of animals which i bought it for . one car goes back and forth and trips it but i am please.and we shut it off to mow grass.minor
 Very impressive , it really solved my problem and now I can enjoy my pool early in the morning without any cleaning up the left overs .
 This thing is awesome . Once you get it adjusted right it works wonderful No more stray cats in my yard .
 My back yard was infested with racoons digging for grubs . Looked like someone had set-off a scatter bomb until I bought and installed the Contech Scarecrow Motion Activated Sprinkler . Within a few days , no more racoons . Very effective and safe method to rid your property of unwanted visitors .
 This device appears to be deterring the nightly visits by our local deer population . It is a humane way to `` re-train '' these beautiful animals to stop being lazy and go about their grazing somewhere other than our flower beds.The one issue I had with the `` Scarecrow '' was leaking at all of the joints . I found that the rubber gaskets supplied with the product were inadequate and all of the connections had to be taped with teflon tape and re-tightened . Otherwise , so far so good !
 I HAD DEER IN PARTS OF MY LAWN THAT I NEEDED TO KEEP OUT ! THIS WORKED GREAT . I LOVE THIS PRODUCT . .
 This sprinkler is a riot ! I have problems with neighborhood cats and was tired of waking up to them &#34; playing &#34; in my garden . Got this sprinler and I have fun watching it go off on unsuspecting objects . I only wish I would have bought it sooner in the season . Now its winter and I cant leave my hose on without it freezing . This will be the first thing I put up in the spring . Just be careful of stepping in the strike zone . Its a powerful and quick stream . You think you are safe , but you arents . Fantastic product !!!!
 Has deterred obnoxious neighborhood cats from using my vegetable beds as a litterbox.Entertainment bonus
 I like the units that I purchased . They worked well to keep deer from eating my tomato plants . The decals provided for the unit to look like a scary face as an added repelling feature quickly faded to white in the sun . I would not bother to stick them on . I wish the units were more heavy duty for outdoor garden use , but they are adjustable and did the job .
 We tried everything to keep our neighbors nine cats from using our yard as a potty - pepper , yard deterrents , dog scents . This is the only thing that has worked . In order to have it sensitive enough for the cats in our front yard though , it also goes off every time a person passes on the sidewalk or a car drives by . Hoping those cats will retrain themselves to go to the bathroom in their own yard as our front lawn is constantly soaked . It is doing its job it is supposed to do !
 I set this up to keep my neighbors cats off my porch and out of my flowers -LRB- they were defecating and urinating all over -RRB- ; my neighbor sure did n't care what they did ... Seeing the cats &#34; discover &#34; the CRO101 for the first time was absolutely hilarious . Obviously not the smartest cats as it took a few weeks for them to clue in completely -LRB- more laughs for me -RRB- ! In any case , it was 100 % effective , no more cat urine on my porch and no more feces in my flowers .
 Deer wipe out my gardens every year ! Was originally given this as a gift and it worked great ! So great I just bought another and am thinking about buying two more . The deer run , the dog runs and so does my husband on the lawnmower when he forgets to turn it off ! I can finally enjoy my flowers and shrubs . Great product .
 The Scarecrow is very simple to set up and use . It works extremely well ! This gadget is well worth the cost . The directions are straightforward and sensible
 We live in a very wooded area with lots of animals and several years ago lost most of our garden to the deer . We installed several of the scarecrows and have not had any trouble since . The best part is that it keeps the deer away from the garden , but not away from our yard so we still see them . We have tried every device and method suggested to prevent the deer from devouring our garden and this is the ONLY method that has worked over time . Everything else we have tried only works for a week or two . Highly recommended .
 The Scarecrow works well except on Bunnies ... guess they are too small . I 've gotten zapped and so have my dogs but I still have the bunnies .
 I first bought 1 of these to try and end a problem of deer devouring my crepe myrtles , knockout roses , plumbago , and blackfoot daisies in my recently landscaped -LRB- at huge monetary and physical expense -RRB- backyard . I otherwise had to wrap ugly wire fences around the plants to keep the deer off , which , of course , defeats the purpose of landscaping - to beautify the home outside.The Scarecrow seemed to be effective , so I bought 2 more to cover the entire area I needed covered . So far , they have worked so well , that I have been able to completely remove the wire cages . After joking that I was going to shoot the damn deer because I did n't know of any other simple and aesthetic way to control the problem , I did look here on Amazon to find something , anything that might work . I found the various sprays but thought way too much trouble to have to continuously apply and buy them . I even began to imagine there should be a device similar to those motion detecting automatic weapons like those in the movie `` Aliens '' . And then I came across `` The Scarecrow '' , Now , I do n't even have to kill the deer!Seriously , though , they really do work great and are harmless to the deer . You do have to work with their placement and tweak their sensitivity a bit , and put up with getting sprayed yourself a little if you forget to turn them off when you go out to work on the garden . The only other downside is that they are made out of seemingly cheap plastic and cost me $ 45 each . Really , all it is , is an impact sprinkler with a motion detector attached controlling a valve to allow the sprinkler to spray a 3 second burst of water when it detects motion . If it were made of metal , it might be worth that price . What we need is competition ; without that , companies take advantage by charging anything people are willing to pay.The only thing keeping me from giving 3 stars -LRB- because of the cheap construction/materials -RRB- is the excellent way it works , and the only thing keeping it from being 5 stars is that apparent cheapness . I would definitely recommend it , just the same , until something of better quality comes along .
 I was having a problem with rabbits eating my lawn . Now I see them only at the periphery of the unit 's detection . I am very pleased that this humane option is available . I will get more for the front of the house now that I know they work so well .
 I need only write one sentence to say how fabulous this product is . THE DEER HATE IT !!!! It works .
 I purchased the scarecrow because we have had a Great Blue Heron fishing in our pond . Since installing the scarecrow I have not seen him at all . He used to come right at sunrise . I am so glad that the scarecrow works around the clock ... I no longer have to get up with the sun to chase away the Heron .
 We ordered the Scarecrow to keep our dozen plus free range chickens off our back patio . I installed a splitter on the hose bib and hooked up the sprinkler after applying the yellow stickers and hooking up the battery . It worked like a charm right off the bat and is keeping the chickens off of our back patio -LRB- 40ft x 25ft -RRB- . The sprinkler only fires for a few seconds when the adjustable motion sensor is activated so it does n't waste much water . Our first battery lasted about 4 months of daily use.I highly recommend this motion activated sprinkler to keep chickens out of an area .
 Heard about this on the &#34; You Bet Your Garden &#34; radio show . It does just what it 's supposed to do ... keeps deer away from the garden . Just set it up and worry no more . Can do a 360-degree spray or anything less . Shoots water a good distance . 9-volt battery inside lasted half the growing season . Also will keep away other pests , and dogs , too . Works so well I 've been blasted several times when I forgot to turn it off when entering the garden . Fun game for kids !
 It keeps away unwanted pests . I used to have cats in my backyard and I have not seen any since .
 Bought this for my mother-in-law to help keep the cranes and other animals out of her pond . Works great and was easy to install
 Excellent product and easy to use once its setup . Just make sure you stay out of the motion detector 's eye when setting up.Our neighbourhood cats are no longer doing their thing in our veggie patches . Happy as .
 Repels dogs who leave messes and people as well.A non leathal way to stop bicycle theft as well as keeping away the dogs.Very funny way to keep a clean lawn .
 Pretty happy with the construction and look of this product . The decals are ` stick-on ' . I chose not to , so its just plain black , and not too intrusive . In hindsight I probably would/should have ordered a couple as my dogs have already worked out how to get around the Scarecrow 's sensor . If i had two , I could cover the yard from two different angles and have the little rascals beat ; - -RRB-
 I had tried fencing , small dogs -LRB- LOL -RRB- and liquid fence to keep the deer out and nothing worked . This worked the first hour ! I love it and would recommend for anyone with a deer problem .
 My newly planted zoysia sod was being destroyed by some critter . I tried spraying , setting traps and consulting a wildlife expert . Nothing was working . Once we set up the Scarecrow the problem was over . I also like that it 's very humane . Great product !
 This is the second one we have purchased . It keeps the neighborhood cats from using our flower beds as a litterbox . The noise simply startles them while watering the flowers . We are also buying one for our vegetable garden .
 I think this works . We 'll see next year when the flowers come back.Anyways , in order to get this to work right , it is going to take a little bit more effort then just screwing this in to the hose bib.You need : This scarecrow sprinklerTeflon tapeOrbit hose timer - 7 day programmable7 foot hose extender.Since the sprinkler male connects are plastic , water drips out a little , unless you use the teflon tape.I got the wrong orbit timer , which only turned the water on for 3 hours at a time . The 7 day programmable allowed me to keep the water on for 12 hours a day . so this was perfect since I need the flowers protected from 10pm to 7 am everyday.The hose extender was needed because I did n't want 25 feet of hose in the front yard , and it was cheap.The neighbors thought the setup was smart .
 Well I have been having trouble with some of the chickens getting in the raised beds . They where eating the lettuce . They pulled some tomato plants completely out of the ground and a couple of six packs I had setting around that had n't been planted yet . I decided to give the contech cro101 scarecrow motion activated sprinkler a try . I have to say the sprinkler head that cam on it was pure junk . Instead of sending it back I decided to fix it . I went to wall-mart and spent a couple of bucks on a spike style sprinkler . Came back home screwed the head off the scarecrow and installed the head off the spike sprinkler . Problem salved . Thing works great now . On a side note its funny as all get out to watch someone who do n't know walk into its line of fire . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This unit works great , worth every penney . Delivery was fast ! We have purchased many items from Amazon . Here 's my problem . My dog got mad and attacked it so now I need to find a few replacement parts and mount it on my fence or tree.Any suggestions ?
 The gizmo is easy to put together , and is very effective at deterring the huge deer population in our area , as well as rabbits and so far , squirrels . It 's also fun to trigger the motion sensor and run like mad to get out of its way.However , it is a little leaky , from the top of the unit where the spray is emitted , after every trigger . We 're not sure whether our yard is wet from leakage or from constant triggering by local wildlife .
 After three years , the two I bought still keep the cats out of the garden . It 's a little bit on the flimsy side of construction , and could come with a better way to adapt it to stand a little higher , but as to functional ... good job !
 Devise seems to work well enough . My particular situation does not lend itself well to the function , but it seems to work as advertised . Only complaint is the battery life . The 9v batts to not last much over two weeks at best . I do not have much activity daily and have to cover the unit when the wind blows or it will trigger repeatedly . Still uses up the batts at a fast pace .
 Purchased on Amazon , it was half the price found at my local nursery . Only problem is that the battery does not last very long . Two weeks .
 These are replacements for the scarecrows we bought a number of years ago . They did the trick better than anything else we 've tried to repel the deer from using our gardens as there own personal salad bowls .
 So far I like this sprinkler . But what is ironic is I received this item on a Thursday and we left Friday morning for a weekend trip and did not have time to set the scarecrow sprinkler up . When we returned home on Sunday I found we had visitors that had gotten over the fence into our garden . I was so upset and disappointed I did not get it set up before we left . But since we have set it up there has been no signs of anyone getting in the garden , even the grandchild ! It surprised him when visiting us last weekend . Great product .
 As far as I can tell this product does a good job keeping the animals out of my garden others in te area has lost a great deal of their produce to coon and deer but so far so good .
 Great product , easy to use , works really well -- keeps deer and my dog out of the garden . Deer had eaten the leaves off all my hosta 's and since using the sprinkler , I now have my beautiful garden back !!! Had tried other remedies and nothing worked . This is a good natural way , good for the enviroment , no chemicals . Highly recommend .
 We have Elk that stroll through our yard in the evening eating everything in their path , I wanted something to deter them . This seems to be working . Simple and harmless . The only thing they strolled down a path that brought them to new munchies so it looks like I 'll have to purchase one more .
 I tried noxious sprays and netting but nothing seemed to keep the deer away from my front yard . They lived there and ate my shrubs and flowers and left not so little piles of fertilizer . The scarecrow is great . It detects their motion and gives a brief spray that keeps them away . My flowers can now bloom and my shrubs are coming back little by little . While not cheap I am glad I have my scarecrow .
 The Contech Scarecrow solved the issue of deer making a salad bowl of our flower garden . Works great -LRB- as advertised -RRB- and I 'd highly recommend this product . I 'm impressed , and the deer have moved on to the next door neighbor 's place .
 Works exactly as presented and is a deterent to unwanted garden visitors . Great idea , well priced . Congratulations on your product concept . B
 I got two of these as a gift from my neighbor . I have a rose garden that the deer in the area treat as their own personal buffet . I have nothing against deer , but I 'd really rather they not dine on my roses . Maybe it 's the `` scarecrow '' design of these sprinklers that make them look a little gimmicky , but they do in fact do a great job of keeping pests out of my garden.Setup was easy , push the stakes into the ground , put the sprinkler on top of the stakes , run a water hose to them and turn them on . I 've been using them for about 5 months and have not needed to change the batteries yet . The water only stays on for a few seconds , but it must be enough to scare deer away . I have been sprayed a couple times when I forget they are on . Another reviewer made a good point that these can be used with a water timer to turn the water off in the daytime and on at night . I think a water timer will be my next purchase.Overall , great purchase and it sure is nicer than trying to place wire fence around my roses .
 I bought this sprinkler in August after local deer devastated my backyard . They ate the roses , lilies , hollyhocks and morning glories . I had been using Liquid Fence to spray all the plants , but unless you spray all the new growth the deer treat the garden like a salad bar . I 'd had enough so I got the motion detector sprinkler and mounted it on a board and attached it to a short post in the garden.Since it has been installed there has been no deer damage , except for when I turned it off for a week while we were out of town . After a month I got another for the rose garden in the front of the house and there has been no damage there either.These units are a bit expensive , but hardly more than the price of a quart of Liquid Fence concentrate . They are very sensitive and can often go off on windy days if set to maximum sensitivity when the trees and bushes move , but other than that , they work great . I 'll bring them in for the winter and see how they work in they spring when the deer have less food available
 I have a terrible problem with raccoons and have tried many things to try and prevent them from coming onto my deck and getting into my grill . I bought this product and have been using it for almost three weeks now and have had remarkable success with it . I can hear it go off at night , and then rush to the window to observe what is going on . Only once have I seen a raccoon in action and I believe that I just did n't have the water pressure set high enough at the time . My biggest concern is what will happen as the temperature drops to freezing and I will have to put it away until Spring .
 This is a great product ... beats the ultrasonic -LRB- which cats ignore after two days -RRB- ! They dislike water and ca n't ignore a water spray ! Highly effective , I got my yard back .
 this is a terrific product , it scares me each time i forget that it is on , also scared my cat ... the only down fall i would say about this is that there are times when it seems like the sensor is not working properly ... sometimes its too sensitive and then its not at all .
 This device works as advertised.It has saved my tomatoes and washed the possums ... Also , my cats are staying out of the vegetable garden for some reason . Great alternative to traps , etc. .
 Raccoons have been ransacking our fish pond at night , munching on plants , ripping all the leaves off the plants and eating our fish . I installed 2 Scarecrows , one on each side of the pond near the areas that they come into our yard , and we have n't had a raccoon attack since . It 's been a month now and the fish are finally relaxed enough to come out of hiding behind the rocks and actually enjoy swimming around the pond . Also , our water lilies actually have leaves on them now.Update : after about 4 months the raccoons became desensitized to the sprinklers . I 'd hear the sprinklers going off at 1 am and 2 am and I 'd run out there to see a raccoon right in the middle of the pond having a blast . Sprinklers are going off all around him -LRB- we had 3 to cover the pond -RRB- and he was n't phased at all , just busy chasing the fish and ripping the lily pads apart.We 've now moved on to the Havahart eletric fence . We 're over a month into the fence and so far no attacks .
 I have used these now for 3 years . As the herd of deer in my area keep growing -LRB- I already see another 6 newborn mouths ! -RRB- I keep adding to my perimeter of yard . I have many plants and a waterfalls that these wonderful `` scarecrows '' defend . I do use the sprays , and Irish Spring soap and all , but these work all the time , even in the rain . I usually have to change the batteries mid season , but that is a whole lot easier and cheaper than replacing plants/trees . Excellent product .
 These are awesome at keeping the animals out of the garden . . the ONE time I accidentally turned them off , a deer came into the garden and wreaked havoc . I 'll never forget again ! The only annoyance ... . if you forget they are on ... i 've done that -LRB- today , in fact -RRB- ... go to walk in the garden , and get soaked with water .
 I 'm going to sound like I was paid to write this review by the Scarecrow company . I have a small pond in my back yard that attracted animals late at night . Raccoons especially loved to jump in and rip-up all the water plants looking for fish . I tried everything to keep them out with no success . Many times late at night I would go out on the patio , wait for the raccoons to show up and shoot water at them with the garden hose . They thought I was playing with them and loved it . So when I saw Scarecrow advertised on-line I laughed . No way could a product that shoots out water keep animals at bay . About a year elapsed and I decided to read Scarecrow reviews on Amazon . I thought all of the reviews were from Scarecrow employees because most were so positive . However , knowing that Amazon has a great return policy I decided to try one out . I have been using the product for at least a year and can honestly report that every animal has stayed clear of my pond -- even the raccoons . For me it 's been miraculous ! My water lilies are unscathed and I 've been getting full nights ' sleep . Really , Scarecrows are so effective that Homeland Security should consider using them along the border . We 'd have far fewer illegal raccoons sneaking in from Mexico . -LRB- I hope I did n't just jinx my Scarecrow by writing this review . But if anything changes , I 'll do a follow-up . -RRB-
 keeps all animals away except human children who like to run thru it to see if they can beat the spray ! this is my third !!! excellent !!
 I had more geese poop on my backyard than Carter 's had liver pills ... I do n't mind the ducks so much and they kinda like the spray but the geese hate it !!! My neighbors are in awe at how well it works . A little leaks here and there and after a few washers they are now minimalized ... love this scarecrow !
 The product -LRB- 3 of them -RRB- arrived sooner than expected . I have tested one so far , and it is as expected . Another bang up job from Amazon . I got it to `` train '' some cats , not to set off my external house alarm sensors -LRB- they tend to activate them by jumping off and on to walls . Hopefully it will detter them .
 I bought this product because of random dog poop in my small front yard . I find it deplorable that people would let their dogs drop a deuce on anyone 's lawn , much less a neighbor . I tried various things and nothing worked , the usual sprays , ammonia , and I even got to the point of taking the poo and shoveling it into the street , so the owner 's would have to walk on the mess themselves . Frankly , I was getting tired of stepping in dog crap when mowing the lawn or just walking to get around the house.I installed the scarecrow in about 10 minutes and had it working great . Just trying to get the right spray projected in the right direction is probably the most time consuming but not difficult . I think it 's a cool deterrent , I 've already got a kick out of seeing people trying to bring their dogs to poop and once the scarecrow goes off the dogs looks baffled and the owner just walks away and keeps looking back trying to figure out what the hell just happened . I love it.I think the mailman is going to have to learn to walk around the motion eye if he wants to stay dry . I 'd feel sorry for him but his kind of jerk in his right . I would highly recommend this to anyone with an annoying dog or critter problem . It works !
 We 've been finding some dog or cat poop in our yard so we decided to try this device . The Scarecrow is fairly easy to set up and connect , and with a couple of tests we had adjusted the spray angle and sensitivity.A couple of problems we 've ran into :1 -RRB- With the sensitivity set at a fairly normal level , on a hot day the thing seems to activate very often with no animal present . As a result , we used up 1 9-volt battery after only a week or two . Until I get rechargeable batteries , I 've decided to only turn it on at night .2 -RRB- The angle for the motion detection is not all that great . As a result we ca n't actually cover our whole yard -LRB- which is pretty durn small -RRB- using just one device . We did find one dog/cat poop , but at a different location then where we found them before , so it is `` working '' , but not quite accomplishing what we wanted .
 The unit was easy to setup and adjust . Have used two units for about a month to keep animals away from a small 6 foot by 12 foot elevated vegetable garden . No problems so far . Last year we used various sprays , but were unable to keep rabbits , deer and a groundhog from eating our plants .
 The product is good in theory and actually works extremely well . I had a problem with racoons and opossums rolling up my newly laid sod ; however , the only downside of the product is that I believe the animals get used to the spraying effect , even though there is an 8 second delay .
 This worked , and it worked fast . We moved into a house in which a 12 ` x17 ' area behind the garage had been previously covered in sand , and when we got there every animal in the neighborhood had been using it as a sandbox . We had the sand dug out and sod put down , but cats kept on using the area there because they were used to it . The scarecrow sprinkler was a cinch to put together and install , and we have n't seen any messes in the backyard since putting it up . We had to unhook it for a party and forgot to put it back together for several days , and there was not a single mess - the cats are trained ! I have been hit by this thing , and it sure does send a message . Other reviewers are right that positioning it so that you can approach from behind is critical .
 It does exactly what it 's claimed to do . It is a bit susceptible to false positives from blowing foliage in high winds , but it sure gets the dog 's attention , as well as the raccoons .
 Have n't been able to try the unit yet on account its snowing however all looks good.June 2011 update
 Pros : - effective at scaring off the bloody squirrels from burying nuts in lawn-range seems slightly farther than advertised in manual-very adjustable , arc and distance-best solution I have tried so far -- just a great conceptCons : - `` small animal range '' in manual is 7 feet-wind in bushes can also set it off - but you can adjust sensitivity 1-9The squirrels seem to be trying less frequently . Hopefully , this is retraining them .
 Living in an urban area with minimum grassy/garden area , any amount of vegetables/spices you try to grow becomes very dear to you . Then when overnight 50 % of your hard work gets eaten you try all sorts of things ; wolf pee , different type of fences , classic scare crow -LRB- urban one ! -RRB- , and so on , however none seem to do a thorough job . Over time that really becomes frustrating to the point where you consider to stop growing anything . Part of the problem is that the animals in the urban area have become so adapted to the area/people that they do not scare easily . I have encountered them eye to eye during night and yet they still return . They will eat anything , from your precious garden items to the bird food!Well , that has changed with the Scarecrow Motion-Activated Sprinkler . The `` attacks '' on the garden area have gone down to zero . I was very skeptical when i first wanted to purchase this item , however reading the reviews and actually owning the item for a week changed that skepticism . I would highly recommend this item to anybody living in an urban area who really cherishes the little gardening you can do.I purchased this item with two others : Orbit 58248 Brass Garden Hose Y-Connector with Shut-Off Valves -LSB- . . -RSB- andOrbit 62001 Lawn and Garden Digital Watering Timer -LSB- . . -RSB- The reasoning behind the additional items was the fact that i had no issues during the day , but the `` attackers '' would come over-night when i am sleeping . The Digital Watering timer allows me to activate my Contech Electronics CRO101 Scarecrow Motion-Activated Sprinkler from dawn to daylight . On top of that , the Y-Connector provides me an additional line for the Scarecrow so that i do not have to move around hoses.One issue i would like to mention is that the sensor on the Scarecrow will become nearly useless if you leave it out during the winter . -LRB- snow + cold weather -RRB- Part of me wanted to test it , and part just did n't think it through . In reality this is my mistake which required me to buy another Scarecrow sprinkler -LRB- or sensor -RRB- this year so i wanted to warn others to remove their Scarecrows and additional items during the off-season . Happy gardening !
 We had a problem with the neighborhood cats using our flowerbeds as their litter boxes . Not fun when you have little ones and dogs.After researching humane ways to keep them away , we came across the Scarecrow . And since Amazon had such a great price we thought it 'd be worth a try.The set up was quick and easy and it works just like we had hoped ! Had it set up for 5 days now and I have n't had to rake the flowerbeds once . Normally I would have to rake/refill with soil daily . Must be working !
 I bought this product in an effort to reduce damage the deer had inflicted on my garden . It really worked ! Since I began using it about a month ago I have had zero losses to deer or any other animal for that matter.I bought one for my father and he has had great success as well .
 I have had one of these for several years-about seven , but it wore out and sprung a leak so I needed another . These work really well at keeping animales out of the garden . They do n't like getting sprayed and it only uses a little water .
 Bought this to stop the neighbor 's cats using my front yard as their litter box . The scarecrow has worked very well . The cats stop visiting my yard . Four stars because it leaks and waste the water .
 We have 3 Scarecrows which protect various vegetable beds from small foragers . We got tired of raccoons tossing mature zucchini plants around like cat toys in their quest for grubs . Be aware
 I bought the scarecrow due to the fact that our cats along with the neighborhood cat were using our flowerbed as their own personally litter box . The would dig and push all our mulch out of the flowerbed , making for a poor looking display . I tried using chili pepper and landscaping covers , nothing worked . The scarecrow does the job for us , they do n't use our flowerbed anymore . I would have given a five star rating , but this product is not really made for small flowerbeds , its better for gardens or large areas . I think the sound of the scarecrow going off scares the animals more than the water does . Either way it serves its purpose .
 We have a Koi pond with some fairly pricey fish . We have lost approximate 15 fish to Blue Herons in the last 5 years . The only thing that keeps the Heron away is Jake , our Yellow Lab . When he is in there was nothing to stop the Heron until we bought the scarecrow . The Heron does not like the Scarecrow , neither does Jake !
 THis is really a good product and very easy to set up . It is out there working everyday to keep the many cats out of our raised bed organic vegetable gardens . I am so glad I found this before I spent endless money on other products that do n't work or gave up on on having homegrown vegetables . Thanks Amazon .
 I bought this as a gift for a friend who has trouble growing anything she likes because of deer . She now has flowers and other plants that were eaten regularly are recovering nicely .
 This thing works great ! No more racoons tearing up our pond!We had to make a few adjustments per others ' comments and it works just fine now!Great product!Nancy Pyle
 Great product , it 's been a month and the daily visits by multiple cats have gone to zero ! It 's all plastic so be careful setting it up . It took a week to figure out what would work best for me . I used teflon tape on every fitting but the water pressure was too high and the scarecrow would leak . I went to an RV supply store and bought a hose bib mounted water pressure regulator and bam ... everything is working perfectly now . The pressure regulator is a must if the pressure is above 80psi . The pressure in now 60psi and it helps both the scarecrow and the hose it is attached to . The pressure regulator cost me about 15 dollars .
 We live in an area with heavy deer pressure . Basically any plant in our yard is fair game unless it is fairly `` deer resistant '' After moving to the area in 2009 , we tried a garden in 2010 with disastrous results . All our plants were completely consumed within a few weeks of planting . So in 2011 , we tried the Scarecrow based upon reviews here and talking with friends . Our garden this year has been one of the best ever , with complete protection . The only issue we had was when the battery ran out and we missed 2 days -LRB- and lost 2 tomato plants and much of a blackberry ! -RRB- . This thing works really well , even when we are gone on vacation . We use it on the highest sensitivity -LRB- covers about a 30 foot semicircle -RRB- and change the battery every 30 days . It does n't use that much water either , since the sprinler is only on for about 2 seconds . The only reason for 4 and not 5 stars is that I do n't know the long term reliability of the product .
 WOW ! After all these years of trying to keep the deer out who knew this thing was the answer . It works 100 % of the time . Just remember to turn it on . It 's been on now for over a month and I have not had to change the batteries yet . My garden is left alone and we are in the deep woods surrounded by deer and animals . It 's AMAZING ! I can grow anything I want now with no fence . The Scarecrow Motion Activated Sprinkler works in the blackest of nights with no problem . AMAZING GENIUS DEVICE that actually works ! Other then it spraying animals , it also makes a loud rattle snake noise while it moves . Keeps them running and they do not come back . It scares the you know what out of them and they remember to stay away . I do n't see roaming deer anymore in any part of my yard that is not protected . Once the deer establish it 's a scary place they do n't come back . GENIUS!suggested improvements would be : * A remote control with an on and off button . * A longer stake or a more stable stake - I have to use rocks around it to keep it in place . it 's very strong when shooting the water out and jerks around . right now it 's in solid dirt with no grass . * Adding little flying arms and legs under the motion detector at the neck for when it 's breezy would also help keep the birds away .
 This is brilliant , it really works . I had tried everything and nothing was deterring the cats . It is humane too .
 The raccoons hate it , and it 's always fun to watch a new guy come to read my water meter if I do n't get this thing turned off early enough in the morning . : -RRB-
 We have had these things for years - they last about 4 in Wisconsin , and are amazing how they keep Blue Herons away !!!
 We had a problem with free-ranging cats , who loved to use our backyard as their very own personal litter box . I saw this device described online and decided to give it a try . After a month 's use , I can say that it has successfully broken the cats ' nasty habits . Unfortunately , :-RRB- I have also been a victim of the Scarecrow as has at least one meter reader . It is a good way of controlling the problem without harming the animals .
 I love this , it not only keeps out marauding browsers such as deer & rabbits but also neighbor dogs , children & other garden pests , the only disadvantage I have found is not being able to put it out when there is a risk of freezing -LRB- or when you forget to switch it of and get an icy blast of water when you are checking the tomatoes -RRB-
 I purchased this item to deter our dog from digging in a new planting bed . It works very well . Very adjustable , easy to set up , and the spray of water along with the noise associated with the sprinkler does well to get the dogs attention . No more garden problems ... and its mobile so we can use it for other planters/areas . Worth the money , and definitely beats putting up fences!Contech Electronics CRO101 Scarecrow Motion-Activated Sprinkler
 I 've only had this product for a month or so but it is WONDERFUL . We have spent hundreds of dollars on fences , sprays , motion detectors , and dozens of other worthless items to keep the CATS out of our yard that did not work . I will admit it may get a neighbor once in a while . But even the sound of it going on chases the cats ! I am looking to purchase another one for another section of the yard ! Our back yard is useable again and I am much healther ! Thanks Contech for a great product !
 My neighbor 's dogs were making use of my lawn on a regular basis.Since the scarecrow I have not found any more presents in my yard .
 Great product , just a little delicate on sprinkler head . Had one break off when it hit the ground accidentally . Thought it was beyond repair . Used pvc pipe cement overnight and reassembled . Works fine since crack was on low pressure side of sprinkler.Keeps cats , dogs and unwanted trespassers out of my yard .
 I bought this for my dad for Christmas . He has a neighbor with four cats and no litter boxes , so they started using his flower beds as their communal toilet . He just reported to me that after less than a month 's use , he has found no digging in his flower bed . What 's more , he 's had the unit off for a few weeks and they 're STILL staying away.He did note that the unit leaked a little , but he still gives it 5 stars . After trying everything from Cayenne pepper to synthetic coyote urine to spikey holly tree leaves -LRB- none of which worked -RRB- , he was thrilled to finally have something that did the job . Yeah , it 's expensive , but it was worth every penny to help lower his blood pressure -LRB- and save the lives of a few cats -RRB- .
 My husband uses the scarecrow sprinkler in his garden and tells me it does what it was meant to do .
 so far this is the only solution to a deer problem which no spray-on deterrent has been able to improve . year after year the deer have systematically eaten our supposedly deer resistant shrubs . with this product , i am seeing new growth -LRB- usually the first to be eaten -RRB- and none of the tell tale mess and torn leaves i used to see . it has only been a short while but i am satisfied so far and would suggest anyone with a deer problem try it .
 Very satisfied with this humane deterent product ! Neighborhood dog problems are now in the past . Have n't had to scoop the yard for over 6 weeks ! What a relief!The only improvement I could suggest is the addition of a solar power system to keep the battery recharged .
 I purchased 2 - Contech Electronics CRO101 Scarecrow Motion-Activated Sprinkler , They work fabulous . I got them because the deer keep eating my wife 's flowers , _ not any more _ . The keep all the animals away except the moles . That is a different problem . If you get them you should like them .
 Works great , but does n't detect movement in a very wide range . Too much plastic , makes it hard to place . Leaks at the hose connection .
 Bought the Scarecrow to keep deer out of the garden . It has worked great I now have my garden back ! This is a great option as I did not want to use expensive sprays or electric fencing . The only thing is I had to elevate it with a metal post as the garden grew and it seems to go through batteries every three weeks , but that may be due to having it turned up to max sensitivity . I woud buy it again , great service from Amazon too .
 Your product is working extremely well at keeping the deer out of my wife 's roses . I keep it hooked up 24/7 , sometimes I forget that 's it hooked up and it startles me when it is triggered , but that 's a small price to pay verses having to hear her complaining all the time .
 It 's a motion activated sprinkler and it does everything as promised.We got one to help keep rabbits from eating our roses and it has worked perfectly . Not a single nibble this year.The squirrels also found out about it and to their surprise it kept on spraying them even when they puffed out their chests in retort.The motion sensor can be set to be very sensitive and so if you have it in front of plants that get blown around a lot by wind , it will be falsely set off.My only problem is that I -LRB- somehow -RRB- keep forgetting about it , only to get sprayed coming into the yard.The stake is plastic but is quite solid . I imagine that it broke for people who tried redirecting the sprinkler with the stake in the ground . The instructions tell you not to do that and if you do , the stake will break ... I guess they found out the hard way.I highly recommend this product without reservation .
 Here in the Ozarks we have a deer over population and this works great at keeping them away from our flower beds ! Great product and service ... would buy from this seller again .
 This product actually works ! It is well made , easy to put together and actually works as advertised . I bought two of them and am very pleased . I use one on my fish pond and one on my garden .
 This is the only humane solution to get rid of squirrels in your flower beds and garden ! I bought a second after I saw how it worked on a flower bed terrorized by them :-RRB- Now they do n't even go near it and I do not even have it on !
 I have had problems with deer , rabbits , woodchucks and birds getting into and eating my vegetable garden for years . I 've tried sprays , powders , fencing , chili powder , soap ... anything and everything that was recommended to me . Still , they came and feasted . I was on a mission to find something that would actually work when I came across this on Amazon . I read multiple reviews , watched posted videos of the Scarecrow in action spraying wandering dogs and the like , and decided to give it a shot ! I have been thrilled with it so far . I have my garden planted , and so far the only time that any critter has gotten a free meal was when my son shut the water off on me leaving my garden defenseless for the day ... That day the woodchuck ate all my Romaine . Other than that , my garden is like fort knox . I 'm finally winning this battle!So , yeah , it 's a bit pricey ... but if you spend money on those nasty smelling sprays to keep the critters away from your gardens -LRB- that you have to reapply constantly -RRB- , then I 'd say that this will actually save you money in the long run ! Just wish I would have found this sooner !
 I purchased three of these to keep antelope away from some small trees that have had all the leaves eaten off of them for several years . They are working very well . The one `` problem '' I have had , is forgetting they are set up and walking in front of them . : ^ 0
 Vegetable and flower garden is protected by the scarecrow sprinkler . Although I love cats , my new neighbors 6 cats started using my garden as their kitty litter box and digging up my new young plants . Did some research that brought me to the Scarecrow . Lets just say my garden is growing beautiful vegetables and flowers thanks to the Scarecrow and the cats have 100 % have not been back . Just dont forget you have it set or you will get soaked !
 I bought 2 units for my 1/2 acre garden . Works great and keeps everything out even birds . May buy 1 more .
 I did n't have time to build a large fence around my garden last year so I bought this innovative gadget instead . It worked great for me . Better than the silent audio alarms in my opinion because you can actually see when it is working or not and adjust how wide the water shoots.The deer and other animals stayed away all year -LRB- except the one day I turned it off and forgot to turn it back on -RRB- . Just remember the water pressure needs to be kept on so if you are paying for water , you should check your garden hose regularly for leaks . I am buying a second one to expand the coverage I liked it so much .
 It works well , it has kept the crows away from the baby corn plants . last year , they pulled all of them up .
 Great product . Works exactly as described . I tried the sprays but they didnt work . It kept the rabbits from digging holes in my backyard .
 This is the third Scarecrow we 've purchased . The first two are busy protecting valuable hosta and tulip gardens . This one is for the vegetables . After watching rabbits jump easily into a 2-1/2 ' raised bed , and deer walking right over it , this Scarecrow is keeping all of them away ! Now we have beans , lettuce , spinach , and kale growing to maturity so we can eat the food and not sacrifice it to the wildlife . We also installed a 2-way connector to the hose faucet so we can hook up two hoses . One hose is attached to the Scarecrow , and the other is available for watering other areas . Works great !
 We ordered this in 2009 when we decided to put in a veggie garden to keep the dogs from running through it , and the cats from pooping in it . It worked exactly the way we had hoped . It has also kept the deer , bunnies , and woodchucks away . The only thing it had no effect on was a giant snapping turtle who took its sweet time crossing in front of the repeated blasts of water . -LRB- Fun to watch ! -RRB- We pulled out the same sprinkler again this spring and set it up to guard the newly planted garden . Except for needing a new battery , it still works as well as it did the first day . We have had no problem with the mechanics , the plastic , or leakage . As long as you put it away in a safe , dry place for the winter , -LRB- we live in the northeast -RRB- you should have no problem with this unit . Divide the cost by three years , and it has most definitely been worth it !
 This motion activated sprinkler is awesome . I use it to deter Canada geese from crapping all over my yard . You can set the sensitivity so that they can walk into range but then all of a sudden the sprinkler comes on and scares the bejesus out of them . They do n't like to be touched , but the water touches them . They actually get embarassed cause they lose their cool and flap away . Works every time . Worth every penny . You can hook several together if you have a big yard , but mine is 75 feet across , and all you need is the center section . The panic factor gives it a much greater range .
 the scarecrow works well , it does what it 's designed to do , i ` am happy with it . but it should have a metal stake instead of plastic to stick into hard ground , that is the only reason for losing a star.i use it for keeping rabbits out of the garden -LRB- they love green pepper sprouts -RRB- . i would recommend this produt to anyone .
 we have a small pond w/a waterfall feature in our front yard . everytime we stock it with fish , they tend to `` disappear '' within a few months . this summer , after 2 of our 4 were gone , we bought the scarecrow . if you have a waterfall , make sure you angle the sensor away from it -- as it detects movement -LRB- even windy days will set this off -RRB- . since we are trying to ward off certain birds -LRB- crows , herons , etc. . . -RRB- , cats , raccoons and who knows what else , the setting is set at a fairly high sensitivity . as a result , when cars pull up the driveway , people walking their dogs , or really any movement occurs , it sprays !! great fun for the neighborhood preschoolers , i 've noticed . that means more water and battery usage , but we still have our two little fish . we 've had it for about 2 months and it seems to work well . you can adjust the sensitivity -LRB- big objects vs smaller objects -RRB- and the distance of the spray . seems like a really good product . we also received it very quickly from the vendor
 I set one of these up near a spot where one of the neighborhood cats had decided its litter box was . That was the last day I had to deal with cat poop . I will say that the thing goes off semi frequently and sometimes it does not go off when it should . I would not leave it on long term , but it can definitely change the behavior in animals smart enough to remember an experience .
 We 've tried all sorts of deer repellent to keep them from munching our flowers and plants , only to find that when we wake up or come home that yet another plant had been destroyed.This thing WORKS ! We have n't had a single problem since . The only drawback is that the motion detector 's field of view is a little narrow so you might want to get two or even three for full coverage . It has a neat feature where you can daisy-chain them together on a single faucet using short lengths of hose . Make sure you get heavy-duty or reinforced hose so that it wo n't split from being under constant water pressure .
 OUTSTANDING PRODUCT ! Deer were ravishing our tomato plants , flowers , even the roses on our rose bushes . Nothing deterred them before we installed the ScareCrow in our unfenced yard in a heavily wooded area . The ScareCrow has been in our yard for 3 months now , and you should see what a difference it has made in our landscape . It even keeps the armadillos from digging up our lawn . I highly recommend this product if you are pestered with deer , armadillos , cats , etc. .
 something that stops all manner of lovely furry creatures from digging up the lawn all night and day . it really does work , including against squirrels , at least in our garden . i confess that i 'm surprised -- i bought the thing out of desperation , having tried everything else , but did n't really expect it to work , and so am doubly happy with the results . i have n't seen the stray cat since the first day i used it , and the squirrels are appearing less and less . we do n't have any pets , and it might not be appropriate if we did .
 Product works as advertised , no problems so far . I have not had any deer or other critters in the garden since I installed them . I would give 5 stars if it had an option to use as a sprinkler .
 This item was the final solution keeping predators from my Koi Pond.Worked better than I hoped . Excellent Product .
 The Scarecrow actually works . It really panics the fawns and the mothers follow the dash back into the woods .
 The Scarecrow was easy to assemble , easy to use and it works . I was able to adjust the distance of the water sprayed and the range of the infra-red monitor - I used it on a lawn with sloping walls and one entrance - the whole area was easily covered and any cats or dogs that came onto the area ran away as soon as the spray started . No animals harmed or petrified - just shocked enough to leave the area . I contacted Contech as I purchase it for use in the UK and I needed an attachment for the hose - it was sent promptly and no charge . Helpful and professional . Highly recommended .
 This product is awesome ! I bought this product for repelling my neighbor 's cats . I like pets but I hate people who let their pets going everywhere . It does take sometime to set up and aim it right because you do n't want to shoot water into someone 's yard . After setting up , I have been waiting for a couple of days . Last night before I slept , I heard the sprinkler was activated and saw a black cat running away from it . Of course , I was happy and laughed very hard . Instead of my backyard , the cat left its matter in my front yard . I think I am going to get another one . Anyways , this products works fine for me and scares my neighbor 's cat away .
 I tried chemicals , granuals , noise makers , -LRB- all expensive -RRB- , but could not keep a neighborhood cat from crapping next to my house . I stumbled on the ad for The Scarecrow and decided to give it a try . Wow , have had it in service for a month now and it works just great !! Not one catpoop yet . I dont think the lawn guys or the electric company meter reader like it very much , but oh well . Well worth the money .
 My wife and I had tried numerous different things we found online to stop the neighborhood cats from pooping in the bark in front of our house . None of them worked until now . Since we put in the Scarecrow they have note pooped once . This product works great . We did not use the yellow stickers so it is all black which helps it blend in to our roses . Have it near front door and no one notices it there . A must buy if you have annoying pest in your yard . Five Stars
 A family of raccoons had taken up residence in a sheltered area of my house . They demolished a make-shift barricade I previously erected at the entrance . I could hear them scratching and squirming in the little den of theirs , which used to be part of my house . I tried a `` coyote urine '' repellent - without success . I decided to give this Contech ScareCrow a try . I erected it in front of the den entrance and turned it on just before midnight , when I was sure all the raccoons had left their den . An hour later , it fired and I heard the sound of animal running away . All was quiet afterwards . The next day , I spent all day erecting another barricade - a much sturdier one this time , with grade A '' lumber , 1/4 '' steel screws , and '' steel nuts and bolts . I left the ScareCrow where it was , just for good measure . During the week , the Scarecrow fired a couple of times during the night and that was it . The raccoons never returned to attack the barricade again.The nature of and solution to animal problems vary extensively , but for the narrow purpose of keeping raccoons from getting into their den , this Contech ScareCrow passed with flying colors . The whole unit is made of plastic ; it may not last very long under the hot desert sun of the American Southwest , but it did work as it was supposed to right out of the box and setting it up was a breeze . Other reviewers complained about short battery life ; perhaps a lithium 9V battery may help .
 So far this product works like it says . We had cats running around on the side of our house coming from the house next door . There 's a wall separating our houses . They 'd jump over and would use the area next to our house for a bathroom . I set up the Scarecrow at one end pointing at the other end . Since I did n't have to worry about shooting too far -LRB- the actual area was about 15 feet long with a fence on one side and a gate on the other -RRB- I could turn the setting up fairly high to make it more sensitive . At night we could hear the Scarecrow shoot a three second burst now and then . It was n't long that the cats learned . So for actually working like it says I 'd give it 5 stars . However , they should have made it with a coupling on the unit where the hose attaches for an easy attachment . You have to either unscrew the top part to swivel the bottom part to screw it into the hose or swivel the whole thing . You have to be careful just where you use this so as not to be squirting things -LRB- people , cars , yourself -RRB- but for certain uses it works just fine . Also I 've had it for about 3 weeks now and the battery is still good .
 This item completely solved my problem with two neighborhood cats using my side-yard and causing a terrible stench . As a bonus , the cats can no longer sneak up on the bird feeder - although it 's fun to watch them try now . I 've had it for almost two months . We 'll see how it holds up over time .
 I wanted something environmentally friendly which would keep my free range chickens away from our house and verandahs . We did n't want to encase our house in wire and fences as we have sweeping hill and ocean views . This product is perfect , apart from catching a few unsuspecting visitors it has worked a treat on the chickens and we now have a clean human only space . I might buy another couple . Highly recommended .
 These were the perfect item to use in large tanks to scoop up anything that we could not reach . Awesome .
 The flag arrived much faster than what I expected . We placed it on the wall alongside the other state flags representing the memebers of my platoon . This item is of great quality , thanks ... MSgt Y
 Again , for the price these look really awesome . A heritage flag for me . Rectangular . They also shipped the newer version of the Louisiana State flag to me which this picture is not depicting .
 I 'm not sure how to review a flag , but I hung it up on my wall and it makes a great addition to my room . Nothing bad to say about it .
 THe flag I bought was inexpensive , but it looks nice . the image is reversed on the other side , but I do n't really care , because it is a wall decoration , and I wo n't be looking at the reverse side . I love my home State , and I 'm glad I got its flag to look at every day .
 I bought this flag for the wall of a college dorm room . While it is extremely low quality -LRB- it is made from very thin polyester -RRB- and seems kind of frail , it works perfectly for my purposes . I do n't think it would hold up well in an outdoor or high use environment , but for a cheap flag its a deal -LRB- I got mine for less than a dollar plus shipping -RRB- . Just Remember , you get what you pay for . If you want a higher quality flag to fly on a flag pole or keep outside look elsewhere , but if you want a budget flag and appearance is n't all that important , then this works well .
 I 'm using this flag as a dorm room decoration and think the quality is just fine for that purpose . Would it hold up outdoors in a storm ? Probably not , but for what I paid it seems like a great deal for decoration purposes . I did n't have any problems with the seller and it was delivered promptly . Anyone looking for a decorative flag should consider this company .
 I this as decor for my room . Its really thin and the stitching is pretty crooked but at this price point you can expect that . Looks good on the wall tho . Not worthy for outdoor use in my opinion .
 I bought this flag simply because i am a Marylander and i have lived here all my life and also because our flag is way better looking than any other state in my opinion . I just bought this for my room to hang up on my ceiling but im sure it would be great for flying on a pole in your front yard it does have holes and double stitching . This flag is a little thin and IS NOT COTTON , but for like 2 bucks , why not ? I do not recommend flying this flag off of a moving vehicle or fly it in extreme high winds because with enough persistence and whipping , this flag will fray . If you are looking for a great looking Maryland flag for cheap , go no further .
 My flag arrived earlier than expected with the exact product I wanted , and the price was great too . I definitely recommend them .
 The material it 's made out of is alot more sheer than i expected , So i definitely would n't use it outside , but if you 're only going to hang it up on a wall indoors like i did , it 's great for the job .
 I collect flags . Especially places my family is from or connected to . The ancestors of my fathers family founded Maryland . It is important to the collection .
 This is a well crafted windsock . I love it and my husband likes it also . The shape is unusual and that is why I wanted it .
 Wanted an NC flag for my dorm room since I 'm studying out of state . This one does the trick and is a good bargain .
 Ca n't beat the price . I know it is not going tofly over the Capitol building , but for my housethis was a great fit . Nice price , Nice product .
 Purchased a U.S. and state of NC flag for our community clubhhouse/pool . Old ones just worn out . The flag is made of quality material and should last in the sunny hot environment . Just what we wanted at the price we felt was fair .
 I was pleasantly surprised with the power of this small fountain pump ! It connected beautifully with my present connection to the fountain .
 Pump was ordered for small outside fountain . It has only been in service for a few weeks . It flows plenty of water . I have this one on the low setting . Pump is everything it was advertised as . Good price . Pleased with pump . I would order it again .
 Bought this little gem as a replacement for our previous one -LRB- a different brand -RRB- which had failed . We are thrilled with its performance .
 This is an excellent quality pump and certainly a very good price . Easily installed and worked fine . Far better than any I could fine at the local hardware stores .
 The pump was a little smaller than I thought it would be but plenty powerful for wat I needed . I saw a similiar pump at Lowes for twice the cost . Very happy .
 it works great and my dogs love the spray from it with a iragation head on it good for cooling them down in a wading pool
 I bought this as a replacement for the original pump in a small fountain that went out in only about a year . It is surprisingly small , and I have the flow turned down all the way to keep the fountain from splashing like crazy . A good buy in my opinion .
 I have had this pump installed for over a month now and it has performed as advertised ... working great !
 works well , can adjusted to the output you want , very impressed with the product especially with what it replaced .
 Had an indoor fountain with a pump that stopped working . Naturally the model number could not be found so I decided to take a chance on this one . It works perfectly and is quiet . It comes with 2 adaptes to fit most any indoor fountan piping connections .
 This is a great fountain pump for a smaller fountain . It is quiet and lasts for a long time . The price is right .
 Just what I needed for a replacement pump on our water feature . It pumps 3.5 feet high , good volume , and plenty of adjustment for more volume if we want .
 I purchased this pump for a waterfall project my sons & I were making . It works great !!!! Very small hum , great pump . Pump is tiny but pumps that water ! 75 gallons/minute . Pump must be submergered up to base of stem . It did such a great job , I got one for my mom 's fountain , for mother 's day . I 've purchased 2 with great confidence , so you can buy yours with confidence , too.Sunterra 109006 Small Fountain Pump , 75 GPH , Black
 I 've had this little pump for about a month now and love it ! For the money , I dont think I can be beat . It is quite powerful , comes with 2 little hose adapters -LRB- be sure to buy appropriate tubing -RRB- , and suction cups that stick pretty tight to a smooth surface . I put this pump down inside a chinese cache pot , threw some river rocks on top , filled it up with the right ammt of water to cover the pump and stones and let it go ! The only issue I had is the pump started to hum a few days ago , but I fixed it when I noticed the power cord was a bit strangled against the wall . I loosened the cord a bit and the humming stopped . A + + + all around !
 comes w / two different hose fittings , pump works very well but make sure dont let it run out of water . I does tend to be noisy not water flowing noise but motor noise
 This small pump is a real dynamo ! We have it in an outside standing fountain and have n't had one problem with it . I bought this to replace a similar pump I purchased at a local garden store . That pump cost me almost $ 70.00 and lasted less than 2 months ! This terrific pump from Amazon was less than $ 15.00 !
 This is a fantastic pump ! It 's unbelievable how small it is , yet it is quite powerful . If you 're looking to replace a pump in a small -LRB- table-top size -RRB- fountain -LRB- or are building a small fountain -RRB- this is NOT the pump you want ! Try the Zoo Med Micro Pump 104 instead -LRB- another great pump , but not quite as powerful -RRB- . It is adjustable , but is still rather strong , even on the lowest setting . I 'm using it in a larger fountain , and it works great ! Very easy to hide under rocks/pots , etc. . Terrific pump at any price , even better at the $ 14.99 Amazon price .
 The water flow very good , Come with different sizes hose adapters which made it easy to hook up . I like it better than the one I bought from Lowes -LRB- Which I returned because of hook up problem -RRB- .
 Great pump ! It was easy to set up and really works great . The adjustment comes in very handy if you do n't need to spray water everywhere . I 'm using mine in a small outdoor fountain with a old coffee filter turned upside down to keep junk from getting in the pump and it works great . I replaced another pump with this one . Well worth the price !
 This is one powerful little pump -- probably more than I need for a small tabletop fountain . It will pump water 3 feet up . I got it for a bowl , rocks-shells type of tabletop fountain -- nothing too elaborate . I filled up the bowl with the pump -LRB- right out of the box -RRB- , some river rocks , water ... plugged it in , water shot up out the pump in the bowl , sprayed my upper arm -LRB- I was reaching over it to plug it in -RRB- , startled me to a little dance where I immediately unplugged the pump and turned the setting all the way down . And this is a 5 '' deep x 10 '' wide bowl I 'm putting it in . You could easily get away with the smaller version of this pump for that size fountain , all I really wanted was a small burble over some stones , but I have to do some more constructing around the output of this pump -- otherwise my desk will start to get a little soggy , and this is on the lowest setting . It still is pushing water up and out faster than I need , but it seems pretty solid so far . And it has little suction cup feet to stick to the bottom of the basin/bowl -- nice ! It stays in place so you can stack everything up nice and not fight the pump waggng all over ! I 'll update if I find anything else later on .
 I bought this product for use in an automatic plant watering system and it has performed beautifully . I currently have it plugged into a switched power outlet however it could easily be connected to a timer instead for fully automated watering.As for the pump itself , the flow and pressure are perfect for my use . I fooled around a bit with the flow control knob on the device but it did n't seem to change the flow at all . Either way , I am extremely satisfied with the product .
 I bought this for an indoor fountain and it 's really powerful . The first time that I plugged it in , it shot a stream of water a few feet into the air . Crazy ! I 've had a lot of fun with it so far .
 Good pump for the price . Small but efficient . Lot less than home improvement stores . Would definitely buy again .
 This has been to date an ideal replacement pump for a small outside fountain . How it will hold up long-term has yet to be determined .
 So far , this little pump is doing a big job in our fountain . Very pleased with price , delivery and product .
 I have an outdoor 3-tiered water fountain sitting in a sunken plastic swimming pool . There are spots that are hard to drain , but this is small enough that it will pump out the water I ca n't get to without having to squeegee with towels , then wring out . This also works well for the smaller water fountain that I use for just enjoying hearing the water flow and run down the `` waterfall '' .
 I have a small tabletop fountain and this is the pump . it works fine but hums a little . Definitely a good deal for the price .
 This pump is better that I expect it because the size , the power , etc. . In one word , this pump is EXCELLENT !
 I have a waterfall fountain that my cats use as their water source and after 2 years of non-stop running -LRB- with some minor fix-its to it -RRB- the pump that came with it finally gave up the battle . I hopped on Amazon hoping to find something at least similar and viola this guy showed up . The price was right , the shipping time was quick and my cats are now very happy again . I 'm not sure why people have complained about it being noisy as mine is quieter than the original was . Would definitely recommend this pump if it fits your application .
 The pump works fine , but the one I got wo n't adjust the flow . The adjustment mechanism is easy to operate and get to , but on mine it just does n't effect the flow . But the price is right and I 'm satisfied .
 Just as advertised and works like a champ . I have two now and they both are a joy .
 Great pump for the price . I have started building several small fountains around the property using half-barrels and yard-sale items . This pump is efficient and inexpensive .
 Very happy with this purchase . This little pump works better in our fountain than the expensive one it replaces . Highly recommended .
 I use this pump for an outdoor water feature that we have . This is quiet , produces a strong -LRB- but not too strong -RRB- steady stream of water , and does the job 24 hours a day with no problems . It also is $ 7.00 cheaper than the similar model at Home Depot , which , at the same specifications , they sell for $ 17.95 . Amazon will ship it to you , so save the gas , and buy it here .
 Replaced the same pump after five years of continuous , reliable performance in a wall water feature . That is pretty amazing . I was happy I could find the same pump still being made .
 I bought this replacement pump for my fountain Acorn Design Home Garden Decor Water Feature Fountain which stands about three and a half feet tall and looks like a concrete birdbath -LRB- it 's actually resin -RRB- . I was n't sure if it would be the right size when I ordered it so maybe that will help someone else who is unsure . I have been so pleased with this little pump !! For the price , I was n't expecting a whole lot but , as I said , since I was n't sure if the 75 gph would be right , I hated to spend much . I live in the deep south where it is very hot and we have had drought conditions this summer so my fountain has gone dry before I realized it SEVERAL times . All of these little submersible pumps warn you NOT to let that happen and that 's how I ruined the original one but this one has gone dry FOR DAYS while I was out of town more than once this summer and as soon as I add water , it just starts right back up . It is also adjustable depending on how much pressure you want . For $ 15 , I could n't ask for anymore out of it . I would have gladly paid more if I 'd had to ... but I 'm sure glad I did n't have to !
 This pump works our entry fountain that completes our atrium . It has enough power for our fountain , but not so much that it is squirting water all over the place . This pump was so cheap that I got several incase we would need a replacement . We run our fountain quite a bit and the pump is still going strong . Pump was delivered in a timely manner too ! Very happy with my purchase .
 Got this pump for a small porch fountain . Works well and the sound of running water is very nice . Pumps over a gallon a minute just right for a porch fountain . No noise and so far so good . The price was very right . If there is a problem I will revisit this review .
 I am using one of these for 18 months now to provide circulation in my aquarium . The pump still runs as silent as it did on day 1 and never gave any trouble of any kind .
 If you need a pump for your garden water feature , look no further . The price is right -LRB- believe me , we shopped all over -RRB- . It is easy to order and shipping time is good . The Koi like it too .
 I ordered this pump to replace a outdoor fountain pump that cost around $ 30 at Lowes . When I got it I was worried about the size as is seemed very small . But it powers our fountain with no problems . It lifts the water about 21/2 feet to a garden jar fountain and has had no problems yet .
 Excellent product . It 's been working like a charm , winter and summer long . I use it for my waterfall pond , more than plenty power to pump water from 10 feet below . I have yet to use the accessories for fountains , but I 'm sure it would have enough power to shoot it up in the air . Easy to assemble , maintenance is a breeze , has a convenient place for cleaning the filter . So far so good . I would buy it again .
 We have bought many pumps mostly from Lowes . This is a strong pump and much bigger than it looks . It really pumps the water in our 16x20 pond . great product for a reasonable price .
 This is a new pump for me , as I recently upgraded from a much smaller Sunterra pump . It 's efficient , quiet and runs 24x7 unless I have it shutdown for cleaning the filter system.I 've never had a problem with the pump shutting off , the impeller jamming or breaking or other issues . The flow is outstanding , and it really keeps the water running nicely over my waterfall.I would buy another if I needed an additional pump .
 This pump Sucks in the Best possible way ! Going on a year of constant use in an outdoor koi pond , this thing really kicks out the water with no signs of slowing down . &#34; Fairly &#34; quiet operation if it 's on a stable surface . I would buy this pump again .
 The house I bought 8 years ago had a little pond/fountain in the back yard that had a Little Giant pump in it . When it broke I replaced it with another Little Giant pump and it did not last long and was n't cheap either . This time I decided to try something different . This little guy has a much higher output and is completely enclose , so there will be no oil leaks like I had with the older pump , plus it handles nasty dirty water with no problem . Love it .
 First pump I received was broken , I notified Amazon right away and received a replacement next shipping day . My pond is around 3,000 gallons , I also have a Beckett 3500gph pump , which works with my skimmer and water fall.I have installed the new SUNTERRA 202000 POND PUMP 2000 GPH and it is working fine . Very happy with the amount of water flow it is producing and the pump is doing a good job of helping my pond stay clean.My pump stopped working after installing it on June 30th , just a month and 3 days of use .
 I recommend buying these here because locally they seem to run about three times the price . I am glad someone else offers these paper filters at a more reasonable price . The negative is you do n't really get all the claimed filtering because once the filter get water running through it they clump together blocking some of the pathway . But I like this choice over sand filters .
 I just ordered my second one after my first one ran for about five years non stop . The pond is dirty with no prefilter so it has to deal with a lot of gunk . It also ran dry a few times due to other plumbing issues and somehow managed to keep running without burning out . In short , I abused the thing and it ran like a champ for five years with no problems . Did n't even consider another brand to replace it .
 Quick delivery . Pump works great . Pump was described as stated in the add . I 'll do business again . Amazon , you 're the best.Thank you .
 I recently purchased this pump for use in a garden pond approximately 12 ` X12 ' to power a waterfall and a fountain . The waterfall is approximately 2 ft. wide and 18 '' above the pond . I am well pleased with the flow rate . The pond sometimes has silt in the water when it is being cleaned but it does n't seem to affect the flow . The fountain sprays approximately 5 ' high through an 18 jet nozzle . The pump appears to be well constructed and operates very quietly . This pump replaced a similar pump by a different manufacturer which proved to be defective after only 16 months . The instruction sheet that comes with the unit states that the 3000 and 4000 gph pumps should not be used with a fountain but I contacted the distributor and they replied that it could drive both the waterfall and fountain simultaneously without any problem . So far it 's working perfectly and I 'm very satisfied . Good pump at a reasonable price .
 Length :
 I BOUGHT THIS POND PUMP AS A LAST RESORT . EVERY PUMP I HAD PURCHASED FAILED OR HAD PROBLEMS WITHIN THE FIRST MONTH . NOT THIS BAD BOY ! I HAVE HAD IT RUNNING FOR ALMOST 2 MONTHS -LRB- RUNS 24/7 -RRB- AND HAVE HAD NO PROBLEMS WHAT SO EVER . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PUMP TO POND ENTHUSIASTS . THE PRICE WAS GOOD AND SO IS THE PERFORMANCE . THANKS AMAZON AND SUNTERRA FOR OFFERING AND MAKING AVAILIABLE SUCH GREAT PRODUCTS.REGARDS,RVW-MICHIGAN
 I love it . They are just as I expected , could not have asked for better service , from the sender , and quality rocks .
 Could n't believe how big this flag turned out to be ! Bought it for my husband and he hung it in the garage -LRB- man cave -RRB- ! He loved it and it appears to be made well , as long as you do n't use it outside .
 This flag is very well made for the price . You ca n't go wrong on this one . Especially if you intend to hang it on the wall indoors , however , it may be a little flimsy for extended outdoor use .
 Everything I want in a flag . Its perfect in every way . Flawless . Everytime I look at it I get all choked up . I 'm crying on my keyboard right now . I cant even finish this review Im sorry .
 It 's exactly what it looks like . the flag 's fabric is a little thin , but I really only cared about how it looks because it will just be in my dorm .
 Needed a District of Columbia Flag to complete a shadow box . Got the flag now all I have to do is put everything together . Good Shipping and Good Price ...
 Exactly what I was looking for . The right size for an outside flag and everyone loves it when they come to the house . It arrived very quickly as well . Good seller .
 What can you say about a polyester flag ? Bright colors , good texture , easy mounting . It 's a great flag . Will buy another if necessary .
 Love that this got here so fast and was just what the picture showed . These are not those flimsy flags this is a great product and well made
 I have had several pumps throughout the years . This `` prefilter '' is the greatest protection for pumps exposed to leaves in the water and other debris that might be floating around . I think this prefilter will keep my pump going longer .
 Works fine . Good luck getting the labels off . Sunterra -- would suggest replacing your industrial strength adhesive labels with ones that are easier to remove .
 Worked very well for my purpose , which is not what it was designed for.I was building a sort of sump to take care of rainwater for my dad 's house , that gathered and flooded the patio at times . I buried this box up to the included grill , installed the filters , the pump , and a float switch . It worked perfectly .
 I am trying out this in my fish tank with PP53016 pump . Well designed and top will snap on so I am not using supplied screws . Surprisingly well designed with knock-outs in foams for waterline and notch for power cord . Seems to be little or no restriction on water flow .
 I got this box as a prefilter to a bio-filter box . I will need to drill holes for a hose between the boxes , but this one is quite well designed to stand on it 's own . It has the coarse and fine filters but does not have bio media - you can choose that yourself . One review said that the screws holding the top were a problem for cleaning the filters . That would be true except the top actually snaps on , so the screws are n't actually needed . This is a great price . I paid $ 30 for my original mech/bio filter that is almost identical except for lack of bio media . This is a better deal .
 Sunterra 337106 Prefilter Box for 500 Gallon Pond Capacity , BlackI have had this Pre-filter installed for three days and it is doing what I want done . It 's installed in a modified fifty five gallon plastic barrel . Modified to raise Tilapia from fingerling to plate size . It has only one problem that I ca n't understand . The pump weighs approximately 2.5 to 3 pounds , it has PVC and ABS pipes attached plus the power cord . Still , after six to eight hours of operation it somehow incorporate air or gas inside the case sufficient to float the whole assembly up . My best solution to date is to temporarily unplug the power cord . this allows immediately release of the air or gas built up and it settles back to the bottom of the tank where the cycle will repeat again every six to eight hours.Can anybody offer a solution to this floating?Sorry I misidentified the filter I recently purchased and installed . It is in fact a Beckett 7078510 bio filter , that unexpectedly floats not the similar Sunterra .
 This Prefilter box works perfectly with the Sunterra 137016 extra large fountain pump . It helps keep my pond clean and helps agitate the water to keep mosquitos and the water from getting stale . I would have given it a 5 but having to unscrew the screen top to clean the filter media can get annoying . Overall , this is an excellent product .
 I am satisfied with this item , it fits well into the space allotted in my pond .
 I have a pond and a couple of fountains . Sunterra sells products that make constructing and maintaining my `` water work '' projects easy at a reasonable cost.The Prefilter Box is simple but it might be better if it had a `` slide-on '' or `` snap-on '' top instead of using screws . This is not a deal breaker , just a suggestion .
 After use for about a year there have been no problems with this product . Plastic did n't crack yet .
 This pre-filter box is a necessity for outdoor pond pumps that do n't have a filter built in . I bought this with the Sunterra 320 mpg pump and the setup works fine . It 's not the highest quality plastic , but it 's affordable and should last a while . My two biggest complaints :1 . It 's difficult to wire the electrical cord through the notch in the box .2 . The lid is held on by four screws , so you have to unscrew those when you want to clean the filtersAlso worth noting is that the box is very light and I needed to stick a brick on top to hold it in place -LRB- which blocks some of the passage to the filter -RRB- .
 In reading the other reviews before I bought the filter from Amazon , buyers mentioned having to unscrew the lid from the box in order to clean the filter , and obviously needing to screw the lid back on the box afterward . That seemed like so much work ! When I received mine there were no screws ! The screw holes are in the lid and box , but no screws came with the filter . The lid does n't snap on , so I keep the lid and box together with rubber bands I get from the morning paper . I 'm using the small pump that came with the pond , and it seems to do a pretty good job . I clean the filters weekly , and lots of dirt washes out . Even a few leaves have been sucked into the filter . I 'm curious to know how long the filter lasts before it needs replacement . As far as getting it ready to use , be aware that there are pre-punched holes in the filters that will come out in order to fit the water hose from the pump and electrical cord through their places in the lid .
 This is perfect for what i needed . The box works with a submersible pump inside the box pulling the water through the filter and you run the hose right out the top . Great quality product .
 One of the good things about a small pond is that you can use a simple little submerged pump and a simple little filter box . This box works with the Sunterra pump -LRB- reviewed also -RRB- . There is a course filter on top , then a finer inner layer . They are easy to remove and clean and should last a very long time if maintained at all . There are little holes punched out in the filter for the hose to go through and you can see the hole in the top cover.In my review of the pump , I point out the problem of running the tube so that it does n't arc way up in the air . Also , detaching the tubing is not all that easy , so I suggest making little razor blade slits in the filters , from the hole to a side , so that they can be easily removed for cleaning without the hassle of playing with the tubing connections.I placed a couple of rocks on top to hold it down and to hide it some . Just do n't obstruct too much of the filter.This is a simple , economical way to deal with mounting a pump and filtering a small garden of fish pond . I recommend it .
 Knowing nothing about fountains , I did a little online research and decided to purchase the Sunterra pump and filter box . For the price , even a 1-year life would be worth it . The pump was super easy to install , came with multiple size adapters , a ~ 12 ft. power cord , and had an adjustable flow/pressure rate . For our 4 ' 4 '' fountain and 1/2 '' piping , this pump and filter box work perfectly . It 's been working non-stop now for 1.5 months and I 'm hoping I get a season or two out of it . Not bad for $ 35 - $ 40 total . It 's quiet too ... we do n't hear anything but the bubbling water from our fountain .
 Really good product . I put a sunterra pump in it , and it works fine . I would recommend this to everyone .
 This manufacturer CONSISTENTLY delivers a quality product inexpensively ... our visitor love it when we display flags personally linked to them .
 I recently purchased a flag of the state of Utah for a Girl Scouting event and it was perfect . The quality of the item exceeded what I thought it would be . It came in a very timely manner and the cost was perfect .
 This product does the job as advertised . They are cut in the shape of the pre-filter box , but they hardly make any kind of seal with the box . So , it would be just as effective if you could find a big roll of this filter foam -LRB- I found some at a local pond store -RRB- and cut some out yourself . Also worth noting is that these come pre-cut to fit a hose through them . They are also not very thick , and I am a bit concerned that I might tear them at some point trying to hose them off .
 The way my fountain is made it gets alot of debree in it and clogs the pump , but was able to wrap the pump with this filter to eliminate the problem .
 It works well and is more cost effective than the Becket filters . I have a small pond and the heat this summer added to the algee , in turn I had to change the filters more often .
 Needed a spare and this was the best price plus shipping . I got the item so quickly too !
 This item is very hard to find locally so I have to clean the filters by hand and they do not always look clean . This item is making it easier , just remove dirty filter replace with a new one and later clean the old one or throw away . wish I had found it sooner .
 HAD IT IN A COUPLE OF DAYS . The item was just what was described and what I needed and I am happy .
 they 're pond filters , what else can I say ? If you need them , but them . decent price . that is all . bye .
 When I first bought this , I thought I 'd be filtering other things other than the left over from fishes . I guess those are different filters . It works well but it 's hard to clean . I guess it 's normal for people who owns fish pond .
 What can you say , it 's a filter . LOL . Got at great price , came quick within 2 days . Perfectly cut to fit Sunterra filter box .
 These filters work fine . Same filters I get from store but cheaper here . Cheap enough to use for summer then throw away and get new next year .
 This seems to be a sturdy well made filter but I have a problem in that I have not yet used it . I can not fully evaluate this item until I have a need to use it .
 This is so cool . I just love this for recharging my spotlights.I have never had the chance to use this to jump my car , * knock on wood * . I have a friend who helped someone use it on their dead battery and it worked great . Hope I never need it for that.It is also not very big and bulky as to be in your way when you have it plugged in to charge . Sets flat against the wall and out of the way . Just would be nice if they house all that power into something less weighty . Only complaint.I may give one to my someone for Christmas , they always are needing to flag down a Good Samaritan.The price is better than I paid at Auto Zone last year .
 I ordered these seeds right around Christmas and received them 2 days later . Excellent service , well packaged . No fuss . Just what you asked for and right away . Will order again . Check out their site .
 I have now ordered 3 times from Cheapseeds . All of the seeds are growing ! Great seeds at a great price !
 I was worried that the seeds would take ages to get here & would miss the best planting time in So . Ca . but they got here just days after I ordered them . Had seasonal misty rains for several days after planting & now tiny seedlings are starting to show up . Will know by spring how they 've done , but so far , I 'm very happy & look forward to being a repeat customer in the future .
 I 'm waiting for the right season to plant these seeds and see the beautiful California poppies . I run the risk of the birds eating the seats or the deer eating the new plant .
 I just ordered yesterday and so i havent received these yet . After i get them and they begin to grow , i will update this.The main reason i am writing this review is because after i placed the order , i received an email from Cheap Seeds explaining the best way to get results with regards to planting and such . That was a fist for me , and i was very appreciative . I then went on to their website and saw that they provide a 30 day guarantee on their seeds . So ... while i cant review the finished product yet , i can review their service . Hope this helps at least a little in your decision making process .
 Great price for the product , which arrived promptly . I would definitely order again . I 've planted the seeds and am looking forward to the lovely blooms coming this spring .
 I expmect these seeds to produce hundreds of poppy flowers , but it 's too soon to know hdow cthey will do . No clue as to whether they will reseed themselves .
 This is the best folding pruning saw I 've used . The teeth cut on both strokes , so it cuts very fast . It 's much better on green wood , not so fast cutting on dry seasoned limbs . When collapsed , is very compact -LRB- and safe -RRB- .
 One hand operation , plastic body , curved metal blades , leveraged `` advantage '' . You can deadhead roses barehanded , even in the middle of the bush .
 I found out about this Fiskar product while in Canada - searched for it everywhere even the Fiskar website ; however , could not purchase it on Fiskar site . finally found it on Amazon.com - it is an excellent pruner and as it reads - `` easy reach pruner '' . i am still looking for the sister product - a longer reach pruner - not found anywhere . As usual , Amazon.com delivers . I recommend this product to all gardeners who need an extra reach for pruning their flowers - ease of use and quality product .
 My wife wanted something more compact than full sized than full sized pruners . These are light weight but very powerful . It 's much easier to get into tighter places with them . If you do a lot of gardening , it pays to buy high quality tools like this .
 This pruner is very easy to use . It 's long enough to avoid thorns when pruning . It 's a good product . My wife uses it all the time .
 This is the best hand pruner and a must for any gardener ... . allows you to get into the plant without getting scratch or poked ... . Highly recommend this quality pruner . I searched for months , finally found pruner on Amazon.com - service was efficient with prompt mailing . I purchased several for Christmas gifts and will no doubt order more in the near future.Thank you , J'
 Makes cutting easier.Adds length to the blades making it easy to reach more of the plant without moving.Blade is sharp and cuts with ease .
 Few of the many items I 've purchased over my lifetime of 70 years have stood out as remarkable , but this is one . I 'd be hard pressed to name five others .
 If you 're looking for a scraper , look no further ! It 's worth ever penny you 'll spend on it . I use this scraper for snow and ice , and it works wonderfully . The angled blade allows for more work with less exertion than the typical scraper . I recommend this scraper for any one , and have even purchased another as a gift . Buy it now !
 I admit it . I have an obsession with feeding the birds . I 've tried a variety of different feed and nothing attracts a bigger variety of birds than these suet cakes . The songbirds seem to especially like it - they would n't touch the wildbird seed mix I had in my feeders!Although I have not tried them yet myself , none of my bird neighbors have complained when I bring this to their potluck .
 Great value and a bird favorite even over my seed feeders . I feed in the simple cage holder . Cage is less then $ 4.00 on Amazon . Love the to the door bulk delivery from Amazon !
 Product was as described , well packaged and arrived in good condition . The birds seem to be eating it about the same as the other suet cakes I have used in the past . Price was very competitive .
 I have purchased these suet cakes multiple times . I use them in my feeder most of the year except on the 100 degree days . So , the birds have them almost year round . I have never had these crumble and my birds love them . Doves and blue birds are the only two bird types I can identify that do n't eat the suet.My flickers will wait for me to put the suet out and rush to eat . Brown thrashers , as well as the more common cardinals , chickadees , tufted titmouse , white-throated sparrows , etc. all enjoy these suet cakesFor me to drive to the store and buy these and bring them home is not efficient or cost effective . It 's much cheaper for me to have them delivered . I will continue to keep these on hand , because of my birds love suet .
 I FIRST BOUGHT THESE CAKES LAST YEAR -LRB- 2010 -RRB- AND PUT THEM IN MY CAGED SUET FEEDER . ALL THE BIRDS LOVE THEM . I HAVE ALL THE THE WOODPECKERS - CHICKADEES - CARDINALS - JAYS - ORIOLES - ROSE-BREASTED GROSBEAK - AND MORE - THEY ALL COME TO CALL . EVEN THE ROBINS TRY TO GET AT THE SUET CAKES . I HAVE NOT HAD THIS TYPE OF RESPONSE WITH OTHER PRODUCTS . THIS WILL REMAIN ON MY BUY LIST . I HOPE YOU HAVE THE SAME RESULTS AS I DO .
 All of the birds that come to visit and eat the goodies we put out like this suet . Along with the squirrels that we have a difficult time keeping away .
 Really works . I also own a smaller type unit by a diferent manufacturer , no comparrison . I highly recommend this product . The proof is in the drawer you empty . This product fills up , the other is empty . I highly recommend this product !! Quiet , light weight . Thank you !!
 Have tried everything to rid the house of flying pests -LRB- flies -RRB- this year and was losing the battle . Then I tried the Kyoto mosquito and fly zapper and within 2 days , all flying insects within our -LRB- very large -RRB- house were gone . I can not recommend this product enough - it does it 's job quietly without insecticides or involvement on my part . I 've never submitted a product opinion before , but this was such a worthwhile purchase , I wish someone had told me about it before .
 We live in New Hampshire and can not have most bird feeders in the summer because they will be destroyed by the black bears . This is the first bird feeder that we can hang high in a tree and not have it emptied by the local red and gray squirrels . Before we got this we tried the usual approaches : Red pepper - Spraying the feeder with an oil and pepper mix did n't work.Cage-type feeders - This works for gray squirrels , but any cage with a small enough mesh to keep out red squirrels will also block the birds.Baffles - A regular feeder needs to be 8 feet from any branch or the squirrels will jump to it . This is impossible to arrange in most trees.This Squirrel Scatter feeder is a very simple solution . We have it hanging on a branch outside our second-story window . It only takes one or two experiences with the shock from this feeder and even the most determined squirrel will leave it alone . Every now and then a squirrel will stop back and very carefully attempt to eat from the feeding ports . The mild shock immediately sends him scrambling away . The construction quality also seems quite good . Highly recommended .
 This thing really works . The wife says I should n't find humor in it but I ca n't help it , it is freakin ' hilarious ! I shocked myself to show her it does n't hurt that much . The squirrels kept trying at first , but eventually they gave it up . Now the birds get to feed while the squirrels wait on the ground for scraps , the reverse was true before . The feeder stays full for much , much longer now .
 Great shovel ! Some of the pictures I saw before I purchased it made it look like the metal head extended only part way up the handle , but the entire shovel is one piece of metal ! Previous shovels have always broken where the wood handle meets the shovel head . Not a problem here ! The only drawback is that this shovel is heavier than average . If you only plan to shovel sand or loose gravel this might be overkill . I use it for prying up rocks and cutting through tree roots . The wider ledge for your foot is helpful . Helps keep you from slipping off when really pounding it into the soil ! Arrived in 3 days from Amazon . Good coat of paint . It should offer years of service .
 This is the best shoivel we 've ever used . The balde is extra sharp , cuts through tough clay soil and roots easily . The extra long metal handle makes it easy to pry things loose , like rocks and debris . An excellent choice for the price .
 This shovel makes my Razorback by Union Tools look like a toy . I highly recommend this shovel , it makes digging so much easier . The tread plate on top of the shovel head is wide and have diamond tread pattern to keep your feet on it . Buy this shovel if you need a good digging tool . This is it .
 I bought this shovel because of all the hyperbole , and at $ 30 , I figured it was worth the risk . IT WAS . When someone is overwhelmed with jealousy and finally steals my shovel -LRB- because that 's the only way I 'll need a new one , it wo n't break and I do n't need two - they make lousy earrings -RRB- , I will be buying another Fiskars shovel.It feels amazingly solid but light and wieldable.There 's a step on the back of the blade so you can get good traction for shoving it into the ground.It 's one long piece of steel , so when using it as an ill-advised lever vs. an immovable object , it does n't break immediately at the weld.The blade is sharp enough to slide right into the most clay-packed of ground.After gardening happily with it for an hour I contemplated two giant bush/tree stumps that have marred my landscaping since I moved in . I 've broken lesser shovels trying to lever these unsightly monsters out of the ground , and figured I had nothing to lose , so I attacked them with my Fiskars . Critical hit , victory was mine!I do n't understand why anyone would buy any other shovel . This truly is the Platonic ideal shovel . I want to create a fanpage for it on Facebook .
 Got tired of breaking fiber glass and wood shovels . This is the best shovel I have ever used ! It is a bit heavy but I think that helps the shovel dig into the dirt better . It also is good for some light prying with stumps but a wrecking bar is a good combo to have with this shovel . I will buy Fiskars products again & again and this is a great price on Amazon .
 We bought this shovel a few years ago at a specialty garden shop in Oregon . It 's the best shovel ever ! Fiskars got the ergonomics on this tool right . Everyone who borrows it from us wants one . I tried to convince the local hardware stores to carry it , without success . It 's their loss in profits . Thanks ! to Amazon , we can buy them online for gifts and point others to where they can be purchased .
 This is one of the best digging Shovels I have ever used . This is not a shovel for shoveling or moving dirt or gravel but for digging shrubs and stuff it is great !
 Great shovel . I 've broken shovels around the yard many times . I 've had the head rust out -LRB- hard to do in So Cal -RRB- but this shovel should last forever .
 I never thought I 'd be reviewing a shovel , but excelence deserves praise.Most shovels you can get from a big box stores have lifetime guarentees . That 's great and all but if you ever need to use the guarentee than the shovel has fialed , and generally right in the middle of a job that is now on hold until you get another shovel . A lifetime guarentee means nothing if you have to stop work to redeem it . At 220 lbs , I can not see me ever breaking this shovel , despite doing work with this shovel that broke lesser ones . I have certainly put this shovel through it 's paces and done more with it than I would have ever thought of with a fiberglass or wood handled one . And , it 's not that much heavier either . If you 're in the market for a shovel , do yourself a favor - get this shovel.And , IF you ever do need it - it too comes with a lifetime guarentee . I do n't ever see needing it , though.Update
 Previous to purchasing this Fiskars shovel , I 've never been particularly impressed by shovels or other garden tools . But this is absolutely THE BEST shovel I have ever used for general digging in the yard , transplanting shrubs , etc. . The steel handle welded to a heavy blade makes it easy to slice through roots , dig under plants and pry them loose . Take note this is a heavyweight digging shovel ... . It might not be comfortable when used for unloading or pitching dirt , sand , etc. . No more broken fiberglass and wooden shovel handles for me !!!!! Amazon provided very quick FREE SHIPPING via UPS .
 After having gone through four lesser quality long handled shovels in as many years , this shovel is far and away the best shovel of its type that I 've ever owned.The design and construction of this shovel is great ! The blade is very solidly attached to the handle . Instead of a molded socket for the handle that 's made by folding the steel and securing it with a metal collar or bolt , the metal handle is welded solidly and directly to the blade . This makes for a very strong shovel that will allow for a lot more leverage when trying to dig or pry something heavy out of the ground . I have heavy clay soil with lots of rocks in it , so digging up a large plant or prying an obstructing rock out of the soil was a difficult task with a standard shovel . I 've broken wood and fiberglass shovel handles over the years , and I 've lost count of the number of shovels I 've had to jury-rig a new collar for or replace the busted bolts that secure the blade to the handle . I 've had metal handle shovels too , but up until this point they 're all had the separate blade/handle design and they 've all eventually failed . Yes , I 'm hard on my shovels ! LOL I 've always thought the design of most shovels is faulty though , the socket/collar/bolt arrangement is weak by its very nature.The Fiskars 9668 Long Handle Shovel has some weight to it , but it 's not overly heavy in my opinion . The weight is enough to give it some heft without making it cumbersome . In my experience a shovel that is too light does n't usually cut through heavy soil , sod , or roots very well and actually tires me out more because of the extra energy it requires . If you were to take a cross section of the metal handle of this shovel , it is slightly teardrop-shaped which makes for a much better grip and less fatigue . I 've used shovels with a completely round metal handle and they 're really hard on the hands and tired them out quickly.If you 're looking for a very well built , strong , well-balanced and durable long handled shovel you should definitely give this one a try . The price on Amazon was the best I could find at the time , and I did shop around both online and at my local Sears store and retail nurseries . For under thirty-five dollars , this is a really great bargain !
 1 - it is slightly heavier than most shovels . it has an stainless handle which is resilient , and slightly heavier than most .2 - the `` step '' , which is a horizontal plane about an inch wide , makes it very comfortable to step on even when wearing flimsy sneakers instead of work boots . This comes in handy for the quick task when you 're not really `` gearing up '' for a full day 's worth of yard work .3 - it is sharp , and remains sharp . I 've been using mine for a year , and it has n't dulled . We have very rocky and very clay ground and this drives right through the toughest of ground4 - the all stainless construction makes it tough and resilient to bending when I pry big rocks out of the ground . no worries about snapping a handle like with wood ones .
 I am extremely happy with this shovel . As you can see from the pictures , it consists of two pieces
 Fiskar always makes a great product and the shovel holds true to that claim . Strong and sturdy . Handle design is comfortable for my grip . If you break this handle you must turn GREEN when you get angry . Recommend this shovel to anyone who is looking for a work horse . It is a bit heavy but worth every ounce of it !
 I 've owned this shovel for two years and I 'm here to say that it 's the best constructed shovel I 've ever seen . I 've broken fiberglass and wood-handled shovels . I 've had them come apart at the handle-blade connection . Not this shovel . All metal construction , the handle is all one piece and welded to the blade . The most important aspect of a shovel is it 's ability to leverage out roots and rocks and dirt . It does that in spades ;--RRB- The handle is oddly shaped , yet comfortable . Highly recommended .
 As soon as I unboxed it , I thought &#34; This thing is awesome . I wonder what else Fiskars makes that I need . &#34; I do n't usually gush about anything either . Sorry to sound shilly . It 's just hard to find high quality anything these days . It is made in China.I did some digging with it yesterday , including some root and stump prying and had no problems . I ca n't see the weld failing although some people have said that theirs did when prying with it . It 's a little heavier than a wood or fiberglass handled shovel , but the durability is worth it . The oval shaped handle is comfortable and the wider , diamond plate step works great with muddy boots . I thought &#34; This is great ; I 'll never have to buy another one ! &#34; but now I think I may buy two or three more as gifts .
 this shovel is sweet , no more broken fiberglass or wood handles from the &#34; shovels &#34; big box stores sell today its awesome
 I love this shovel . I have used -LRB- and broken -RRB- many shovels . This shovel is awesome . I have already used it to dig out a septic tank , bury a cat , remove two tree stumps , and fill in misc . holes in my yard . It bites into the dirt nicely , the stepping platform is great . The length is wonderful when the holes get a little deeper . Best of all , it does n't even threaten to break when levering out stubborn objects . I whole-heartedly recommend this shovel .
 These shovels are solidly built but they are very heavy . This would n't be a problem for using at home or in the garden . I order them for my department 's field archaeologists so the weight is a drawback .
 This shovel is simply amazing . Welded handle . The bend near the bottom makes it easier and more ergonomic to hold . The whole thing is powder coated . The quality is outstanding . Should last forever .
 This is a very heavy weight , heavy duty , indestructible manly shovel . After purchasing it , i bought one for my friend . It has free shipping and should last me a lifetime . Do n't bother with cheap wood or fiberglass handled shovels . Purchase this one !
 Ever notice how Fiskars does n't really 're - invent ' things as much as they just tweak a well-known design idea just a bit more and end up with a better-functioning tool ? Whatever Fiskars did with the angle of the blade and the shape of the handle makes moving large amounts of heavy dirt less of a chore . I have n't used it anywhere other than the flower beds so far , but digging is easy with this thing . I 'm sure the powdercoating will wear eventually , but so far all I have to do is wash it off and it looks great again . Never thought I would think a shovel looks cool , but this one does . I put someQuickFist Clampson my hitch-mounted cargo carrier -LRB- see the pics above -RRB- so I can take this shovel along when we go camping , especially to the beach where it might make the difference when someone gets stuck .
 This is the best tool ever I use on everything . Never buy another shovel again . I am very happy with it .
 I 've owned 5 of these shovels . In the business of surveying we put these shovels to daily use . This one far surpasses any i 've ever had . Find the most expensive/best one you can at HD or Lowes or Wal-Mart and it wont come close to this one . The large step , all-steel construction , heavier weight and lifetime guarantee are probably overkill for the average user , so spend the extra $ 10 for something you can brag about ... yeah , brag about a shovel ... I do ! This one , a Fiskars !
 Simply put , this shovel is a beast.It is not a light shovel . Extremely sturdy and well designed.Definitely highly recommend this to anyone that wants a very sturdy long lasting shovel .
 After I broke off the handle of yet another shovel purchased from a box store , I decided to see what Amazon had . Although it seemed pricey , I went with the Fiskars digging shovel . As soon as it arrived , I concluded it was a good investment . The handle is pipe welded to the shovel base which is also substantial . I do n't think I will have this fail on me when I use it as a prybar to uproot dead plants with a substantial rootball . At most , this was $ 10.00 more than the best shovel that my local box store had in stock , and I think it is money well spent .
 excellent tool and quality , buy it without hesitation if you need to dig , simply for any garden work . Not for females unless they are physically strong , No cons at all . Love to work with this shove , I am really enjoying it !
 this thing is one piece of steel , wide stomps with diamond pattern for boot grip when you dig in . It 's a little heavy , but if you want something that will dig in hard dirt , this is it . Consider it a back-hoe for your feet .
 I used this shovel when I had to repair my fence and 11 fence posts.The long handle made it a lot easier to dig down but keep your back more straight and avoid fatigue . When you have a big job to do , you do not want a shove that has a base too large because the weight of the dirt held can be back breaking so it is a good shovel that is sharp enough to cut through the dirt with relative ease .
 I have had this shovel for 8 years now , other than some fading and some wear and tear it is still as good as the day I have bought it , I have seen were others have broken there shovel by prying heavy objects , thats not what this shovel is for , I recommend buying a good san angelo bar when it comes to prying heavy , had to budge objects .
 There are n't enough superlatives to describe what a great shovel this is . Live on a ranch and use my shovel almost everyday , irrigating , digging up brush , gardening , etc. . Have to replace lesser shovels fairly often , this one is going to change that . Every farm and ranch should have at least one . Great workmanship , comfortable handle , step is man-sized , and no worry about breaking the handle .
 One incredible shovel ! Fiskars could get $ 50 for this thing-no problem . The i-beamesque handle enables much more strength for leveraging without bending in the slightest . I 've destroyed several round-handled wooden and fiberglass spades over the years . The i-beam handle , all steel composition , and welded blade/handle construction means this puppy would be really tough to break under almost any circumstance .
 I am impressed with this shovel . I just dug a couple large tree planting holes in our backyard with it and it worked great . I like the all steel handle - do n't have to worry about breaking like a wood one . The step edges on the top of the shovel are large and really let you sink your weight onto it . The shovel blade is large and sharp -LRB- I know since I just nicked a service cable in our backyard and severed it before I knew what had happened -RRB- . Being all steel , it is a bit on the heavy side but I 'd prefer to have a bit more weight and an indestructible shovel than a cheap lightweight one that is going to break in a year or two .
 I think I said it in my title , but I do n't believe you will be disappointed in the shovel . Just realize if you do n't really dig , you do n't really need to pay for a shovel this nice . I picked this one up for $ 29 and could n't be happier .
 The image seems to show a black rubberized grip further down on the handle , mine does n't have that . It is however very very strong , as an example we used it to lever up a rather large cement fountain base full of water so we could level it out , and the shovel was a champ -LRB- maybe not smart but it was the only tool for the job -RRB- . I will say that this shovel is heavy , heavier than the standard wood handled ones . For light gardening I will still need to order one not quite so serious .
 On my 4th one of these in about 8 years . As one reviewer notes , they 're not pry bars . I used them that way on tough roots and after a while predictably they cracked at a weak spot where the blade welds to the handle . Lowes replaced them no problem , but of course Lowes does n't carry this shovel anymore . So it goes . But with the steel handle and sharpened blade this dude will work and work and work . If you can find it locally at Sears or HD you 'd probably be better off , but regardless this is one bad-axe digger . Could probably shove it under a tire of a Smart car and use it as a jack !
 I work with a landscape company and this is THE only shovel we use for our projects . We do have to replace them from time to time because they get so much work . Amazon had the best price I could find on the internet . And they shipped on time and got here within 2 days . Could n't ask for more from Fiskars , or Amazon . Thanks !
 I had looked around for many weeks debating on which reviews & which digging shovel to buy . Living in upstate NY which has an abundance of hard , compacted clay soil , I was completely dreading putting in my landscaping myself . I had actually dug the hole for my mailbox the previous year with a small spade shovel -LRB- I know ... glutton for punishment -RRB- & it was easily one of the worst experiences I had that year . I also watched as the `` old school '' contractors that were building my deck ran to the equipment rental place to go get an auger after giving up on digging the holes by hand . I am telling you ... I am no wimp by anybody 's standard but this is some hard soil here.This shovel arrived promptly and I have to say that I was instantly impressed by the feel of it . Very sturdy but light . Very comfortable foot spot with great traction & this shovel can easily support my 230lb + body jumping , standing , etc. I started digging with this bad boy & I can not imagine it being ANY easier , all things considered . I dug out 13 holes at approximately 2 ' diameter & 2 ' deep ... mixed my soil with soil amendment ... installed my 13 plants ... mulched the beds all in a single day.I put that shovel to the test with that soil but it kept up with me the entire time . I probably could have been a little smarter by wetting the soil a little -LRB- not a lot -RRB- and would recommend that to anybody with clay soil ... but all in all this shovel could not have performed any better . Imagine being so thrilled with a shovel that you 'd write about it ? Well ... its that good .
 I bought this shovel to replace a 40 year old wooden handled shovel that broke when I was doing some moderate root removal . I hate to admit it , but this Fiskars 9668 shovel is a great replacement for my old one . The Fiskars shovel is only 1-1/4 pounds heavier than my old wooden handle shovel.I 've been giving it quite a workout for the last two weeks in root laden soil and it has easily handled everything I 've tackled with it . But I know what its limitations are . One thing this shovel -LRB- and every other shovel -RRB- is not , is a pry bar . If you need to pry something such as a large root , BUY A PRY BAR.Ergonomically , the Fiskars is surprisingly comfortable . The Fiskars upside down tear drop design fits my hands quite naturally and the blade and handle strength is fantastic for digging around roots . The large foot step makes it very easy to force the shovel down into the ground.Since it has a lifetime guarantee , this is one of very few tools I would feel comfortable lending to a friend or neighbor in case something happened to it .
 I have a couple of other Fiskars tools and decided to buy a long handle shovel which I use all the time.Pros
 Duh , right ? Seriously though , much heavier than a wood or fiberglass handle shovel . A positive for trying to cut through heavy clay and other hard soils . A negative if you have a big job and older body . Use this for digging and a lighter shovel if you are transferring large amounts of loose material .
 Solid steel construction makes it a bit heavier than other shovels , but this thing will last a lifetime . It gets a little hot in the sun , but it 's one of the best shovels I 've used in my life .
 My guys destroy everything . Over a year later they have n't destroyed this ... yet . It is definitely heavy , but has stopped me from buying them new shovels every month .
 I have used strong fiberglass and strong wood shovels , but this one is my favorite by far . I know that a shovel is n't supposed to be used for prying things out -LRB- i.e. , prying out rocks , tree stumps , etc. -RRB- ... . but with the entire shovel being steel , I imagine you can do about anything you want with it . I will note that it is a little heavier than other shovels , but to me , that 's a positive trade-off .
 I got this shovel for a gift and I have loved it ever since . I can dig , and do almost anything with it in my little garden and it has with stood the test of time . I wouldnt have wished for a better product if I were purchasing it myself . The handle has come loose with usage , I want to know if there is a way to mend it .
 I ordered this shovel for my daughter . The wooden handle of her shovel had broken . The Fiskars shovel is all metal so it is highly unlikely that it will meet the same fate . This is one solid shovel . My daugher was delighted with it .
 Good solid shovel . I bought it because I 'd broken a couple of wood/fiberglass shovel handles in the past , and I think this will solve the problem.I 've planted a number of shrubs this past spring and summer , and based on that , the metal handle seems like it will help the shovel last a long time .
 this shovel is one of the handiest tools i have in my garage . The foot ledge is perfect for digging in stubborn soils .
 This sturdy shovel will definitely last a long time . The flattened areas for pushing the shovel in the ground really make it easier on your foot . It is well built and we are very pleased with it .
 After rendering two shovels worthless in a single day prepping some grassy areas for conversion to flower beds , I decided that I needed a shovel that would make tasks easier . I was tired of replacing handles and reshaping bent blades . I 've had good luck with many of Fiskars other yard-related products and hoped this shovel would be just as good . As others have stated , it is a bit heavier than its wooden handled counterpart but the overall balance is still the same . What I really liked most is the steps . They are bigger than most other shovels and there is no feeling of flex when I stomp my foot down onto the blade 's top . Unlike most other shovels , the steps are welded to the handle athe center providing a very rigid platform . This is much better than simply rolling the metal over like on a traditional socket-handled shovel . Another noticeable difference is the teardrop shape of the handle . It feels more comfortable than a totally round one lessening hand fatigue.As with most tools that are really great , this tool is not a jack of all trades . The curved blade makes it unsuitable for fine edging or if you are shoveling off a hard surface like snow removal . For those chores a square nosed shovel would be more appropriate .
 This is a pretty sweet shovel . Basically built like a sturdy trenching shovel , only full sized . Steel handle makes it a little heavier when compared to a wooden handled one when comparing with one in each hand . I do n't notice the weight when in use . The large step area makes digging barefoot possible , with semisoft or moist dirt . Handle was different than expected . It 's described as a teardrop shape , but I disagree . When you 're holding it in the traditional , digging and scooping , way I 'd call it an upside down teardrop shape . It feels really good in the hand.Hope you get a chance to try one out someday .
 I would tell the whole world what an outstanding shovel this is.Key are its greater-than-usual weight , its balance , and its cutting power . One stroke of this shovel can accomplish much more than one stroke of a conventional shovel . The result is less overall effort than required for a conventional shovel.What 's more is that this shovel 's resonant frequency is less than a conventional shovel 's and below the fatiguing threshold .
 This has to be the best shovel out there . I bought this shovel last year after breaking 3 during a 2-week period -LRB- Digging up an invasive tree taking over my yard -RRB- and I have been happy since . It is heavy for some , but the weight works in your favor . No longer do I struggle to get the shovel into the ground , but the weight of the shovel along with the big footholds make this a breeze to use.Last weekend I dug a 23 ' X40 '' walkway down about a foot before pouring concrete . My father in law and I were fighting for this shovel all day ! He loved it so much I just bought another one for him!If you are looking for something dependable , long lasting and one of the last few `` good tools '' out there , get this . If you want a cheap tool that looks pretty go somewhere else .
 Strong , solid , steel ... I have had mine for several years and bought one for my son . Very serviceable and has held up wonderfully . No worries about breaking the handle ; extra wide at the top of the shovel for using your feet . I did not rate it 5 stars because the orange vinyl/plastic end cap 's top has torn .
 This shovel is heavy and works great for around the house chores . I have a lot of fiskars products and they are great products
 It 's funny , on the blade of the shovel there is a big sticker that says `` world 's greatest shovel - Mother Earth News '' but it 's true ! This really is an amazing shovel . The shape is really well thought out and the construction is super heavy duty . I would highly recommend it .
 It 's amazing how much difference a great shovel can make when you 've never used a great shovel before . We picked this one up at our local hardware store , thinking that a shovel with a wider heel stand and being made out of one piece of welded steel were both good ideas ! What we did n't expect was how much easier and faster shoveling would be with this product !
 Love this shovel . Got it per my husbands request and now it is MY go to shovel as well . Its nice and heavy and glides into the ground , we even used it to break up snow this winter . very dependable , sturdy , will last a lifetime !!
 Only used a few times BUT , this thing seems to be as strong as they come , you can reef to your hearts content and not snap this shovel , give it hell , it will want more
 This shovel is great for gardening work , and , with free shipping , was a great buy .
 I had a back yard project to do and this tool helped . Still in great shape after hard use .
 I am a journey man plumber/operator & Since I am always working outside on lines or digging footers or somthing to do with ground work there is no other shoel you will see in my hand besides a Friskar !
 I 've gone through a number of shovels in the past 35 years and this one is the best . Most shovels last me about two years then the handle breaks . I had a Fiskars Long Handle Digging Shovel for 4 years before the handle finally bent from my trying to pry tree roots out of the ground . Other shovels would have broken long before this one did . So I sought a second one . BTW when I received the new shovel it had a toll free number for a life time replacement for any shovel that breaks . I called the number and they replaced my broken one for free . I now have two which is OK with me . Now I have one for home and one for work . Oh and I did win the war with the tree root before the shovel handle broke .
 How can a shovel be better ? I am a seasoned gardener who just moved and am putting in a large garden with a lot of clay . We were having trouble digging through the clay when I came upon this shovel . I ordered it and bought another variety at the hardware store , -LRB- that was suppose to be top of the line , -RRB- as I had 2 volunteers to dig my holes . They literally FOUGHT over the Fiskars shovel ! It has a wonderful large foot rest and seems to really slice through the clay . It is heavy for a woman to use , but I did get the hang of it and dug many of the holes myself with the shovel . We all gave it 5 stars after digging 400 + holes .
 I had been looking for a long handled spade when I ran across this shovel.The spades that did n't have the back breaking short D-ring handle were usually about about twice the price of this shovel and none of them were available that had Prime shipping . After reading other reviews of this shovel , I decided to give it a try.As others have noted , it is a beast . The handle is steel . The blade is nice and thick and the stomp plates are massive . There 's only a single curve in the blade so it has a nice and smooth cutting action when digging in . The handle is welded onto the top of the blade , so there 's no grooves or extra curves in the blade to add friction . The curve is just enough to move dirt around with . The big stomp plates on the top make the shovel comfortable to use with footwear as flimsy as sandals.It is a rather heavy shovel , which would be something to consider if you have any specific needs.Otherwise , I 'd go as far to call this the perfect digging shovel . A long handled spade may be better if you can get your hands on one , but for the price , this shovel will be hard to beat .
 A shovel is a shovel is a shovel , right ? Yeah , I thought so too until I ordered and tried this one.Our yard is mostly a thin layer of topsoil over hard clay with some flint gravel mixed in , plus lots of thick , tough roots . Digging is such a chore that over the years I 've done very little of it.When I broke the wooden handle on our heirloom shovel , I read the reviews and decided to order this one . At least , I thought , since it 's all steel I wo n't be breaking another handle.It arrived and I immediately grumbled about the weight . This is a heavy shovel . I wondered how am I supposed to do anything with this ? It 'll tire me out before I even get started.But then I tried it . I set the point in some hard ground , put my foot on the step and pushed , and `` shhck , '' the blade plunged down into the earth.I was mildly stunned , and delighted . I had never had that experience with a shovel before . The heavy weight of the shovel was actually working for me , not against me.As I said in the heading , I love tools that work , and this one worked . Over the last few months I 've done more digging and have moved more plants and shrubs than I have in , well , as long as I can remember . Digging holes is such a pleasure now -- if you can believe that -- that I forget about the weight . And even with the extra weight , after digging a hole I 'm actually less tired than I would be if I were hacking with the old , lighter shovel . It goes that much easier.The shovel 's steel handle has already proved its worth in the number of roots and large rocks I 've pried out of the ground . Another reviewer remarked that the egg-shaped profile of the handle increases its strength , and I can believe it . I 've put an enormous amount of stress on it and it has n't bent even slightly.Because of its weight , this shovel is n't for everyone . But if you can manage a regular shovel okay , and do n't think you 'd have a problem with a shovel that weighed a few extra pounds , then this is the one to try.Incidentally , there are a few hard clay spots in the yard that even this shovel ca n't cut . For those spots I use a clay pick -LRB- similar to theCOLLINS CLAY PICK 6 lb . -RRB- to break up the soil before shoveling.But the bottom line is this is a great product , and I 'm giving this shovel a five star rating.Enthusiastic over a shovel . Who ` da thunk ?
 A reluctantly bought this shovel due to my wife 's urging , surprisingly . I am so glad I listened to her . I was going to buy a lesser shovel , but after using the Fiskars , I will never go back . Some observations ... The handle is comfortable.The shaft is super strong and can take a great deal of torque.Strong grip area for pushing with your foot.Contoured for the worker bee!Maximizes the user 's force to penetrate the soil.I have used it on many projects and have not been disappointed . This is the last shovel I will buy . It is worth it . Thanks to my wife !
 Excellent price for a heavy duty shovel - it 's great not having a weld where the handle meets the shovel . If you 're looking the perfect shovel for heavy duty use , look no more this one is it . If you 're looking for a light duty shovel - picking up dog poo or light gardening - you may want to consider another option as this shovel is heavier and you may fatigue quicker doing smaller chores.On a different note , while reading reviews , I did notice a few reviewers complain of inadequate packaging and receiving a damaged shovel . This was not the case for me as I ordered directly from Amazon - shovel came packaged in a box with bubble wrap , arrived in pristine condition .
 Now this is one heck of a shovel . It 's all metal , which is a rarity these days for any tool , much less for one less than $ 100 . The shovel head is of good size and has textured step mounts to help ensure your feet wo n't slip while digging , something very important for digging in mud and if you 're like me and wear sandals to do yard work . This shovel is made so well I was able to use it partially as a lever while digging up 18 bushes which had extensive root systems grown over 30 years . My other brand new wooden handle shovel cracked on the second bush . This one did n't bed and made the back-breaking work easier.I highly recommend this shovel for the quality and the incredible low price .
 I love this shovel . It 's a little heavy so it 's not the best shovel to turn over a garden , but nothing beats it when trying to dig out small trees and bushes . You can pry as hard as you want and you never have to worry about breaking anything .
 After multiple trips to the hardware store to see their `` typical '' shovels I decided on the Fiskars Long Handle Digging Shovel and glad I did . It 's constructed of all metal which adds to the weight a bit , but it also increases the strength of the shovel . No more breaking wooden handles for me ! The handle portion of the shovel has a `` D '' style shape to it so it fits in your hand a bit better . The one thing that I am worried about is that it is all black and metal so when summer rolls around if you happen to leave it out in the sun it will heat up quite a bit . Something I did n't think about when purchasing , but not a deal breaker by far !
 You will not find a better shovel . Period . This thing goes through anything . I would sit here and write a long product review of why you should buy it , but frankly , that would be wasting your time . This product is unbelievable and the sooner you buy it , the quicker you 'll be able to start using it . Enjoy !
 If you 're looking for a real heavy duty shovel click buy on this one . Sturdy , solid and heavy duty . Amazon had a great price and the merchant delivered quick . Solid steel construction and built to last .
 I work in irrigation and underground sprinkler systems . This tool is by far the best shovel i ave ever held in my hands in 8 years or working in the ground.It can be intimidating at first . It is a heavy shovel , after all . But some one who is practiced at moving earth should have no difficulties using it . The extra large foot step might be the greatest feature . It allows you to put the full force and weight of yourself into your work , without wear and tear on your shoes or hurting your feet . The weight of the shovel itself is a feature , it lets you smash through roots , clay , and gravel . Even packed in , driven over soil of fresh construction sites becomes less frustrating.Ive also used the shovel as a pry bar of sorts , leveraging large rocks out of the ground . And as a pick , I 've chipped away the spill over lips of concrete on sidewalks to place sprinkler heads as close as optimally possible.I cant speak my love of this shovel enough , I 've listed some practical reasons , but you cant fully understand until you hold one in your hands .
 This thing is a beast . Broke a 30 $ fiberglass shovel and bought an ash handled deal for 20 . It broke in 30 minutes . This thing took apart a 150 lb root ball in 15 minutes , and I 'm totally out of shape . It pays for itself in the first dig .
 My first encounter with this shovel was when a neighbor saw me struggling to put a tree in my front yard . I worked for over an hour with a friend using a cheap big box shovel and we just could n't seem to get a satisfactory hole dug . My neighbor saw our plight and handed me this shovel . In less than 15 minutes we had our hole and were off to planting the tree . Solid steel , nice welds , heavy shoulder at the top of the blade allows you to put all your weight behind plowing into the ground . Does n't flex when lesser shovels would break apart . It 's a little heavy but that just makes it cut into the earth better . Neighbor has since moved and when I needed a shovel again this summer I made sure I got one of these . It 's that good !
 This shovel is incredible . We ordered one last year and decided that we had to have two as everyone wants to use it . It is strong and not to heavy . In the past 7 years we have destroyed 3 shovels trying to dig in hard soil -LRB- with rocks -RRB- . This shovel seems to be indestructible . The price is right . We would not purchase any other shovel but this one . It would n't matter if the other shovel was free . The Fiskars 9668 is the only shovel to own .
 I bought this shovel because I got sick of buying shovels that kept breaking from home depot and lowes . This shovel is great , its pretty heavy but I have not found anything that it will not cut through . I have used it now for about 2 months and I would recommend it to anyone who does not want to sturggle to dig through roots like I did .
 I saw the Fiskars shovel described as `` The Perfect Shovel '' in Mother Earth News . On that basis I tracked one down at the local hardware superstore.Just came in from using it yet again and I can say that it is the best shovel I have ever used , a superior tool in every way . The built-in -LRB- wide and textured -RRB- stomp edge makes it easy to stand upon for penetration , the one-piece handle has no rough/pinch points , and the shape of the blade is a good balance between penetration and load capacity . The blade makes short work of roots -- I have many times easily gone through roots over 2 inches , roots which previously would have seen me resorting to another tool . -LRB- The first time I sliced through a thick root with it my jaw actually dropped , and I checked to see if the root was rotten . -RRB- I have also used the shovel in situations where I really should have gone to get a prybar , with no sign of stress on the shovel.I 've had this shovel for going on 2 years now , and the only signs of wear are the powder-coating is worn off back from the tip a few inches and scratched off the back of the handle . That 's it -- no nicks , bends , or tip wear in the blade , no bends in the handle . And as I write this I realize this is the first shovel that I have never had to sharpen . There has been no tendency to rust.The shovel comes with a plastic sleeve starting at the blade and going about a foot up the handle . During one heavy session this sleeve sliced on a sharp rock and peeled back from the handle . But this had no effect on comfort in using the shovel -- the handle is smooth and well-shaped anyway . -LRB- The shape of the handle makes for less hand fatigue than a round handle . -RRB- This shovel has seen steady use around our property . We have riverbed soils here , which means mixed sand , gravel , pockets of clay , and the occasional head-sized rock . The Fiskars shovel handles all of them equally well.The shovel is a bit heavier than a wooden-handled one , but no heavier than some `` industrial-strength '' models I have used . I think the extra weight is far offset by the efficiency in digging , and the way it handles roots . -LRB- The ease of cutting roots would alone make this an ideal shovel for many people . -RRB- I do a lot of digging , and have used -LRB- and used up -RRB- many shovels over the years . After trying the Fiskars shovel , I ca n't see ever using anything else -- a good thing , since I am likely to have this one for life , the way it is holding up . Casual users might not want to deal with the extra weight , but I think any farmer , rancher , laborer , serious gardener , or homesteader would instantly recognize its superior qualities once it was in their hands and would value having one .
 This shovel is definitely not a toy . It 's big and it 's heavy , but it 's strong and looks like it will last many years . I 've used it for normal gardening and landscaping . It 's got a curve and a point so it 's not great for edging , but it will turn up clay and move plenty of dirt . The shaft is shaped like a teardrop so it 's comfortable , but I 'm a tall guy and I 'm not sure how it will fit in smaller hands .
 This entire Fiskars binge began with a hoe -LSB- incredible product -RSB- and then a rake -LSB- excllent -RSB- and eventually have replaced nearly entire outdoor garden tool set with Fiskars.My husband said we did n't need another shovel but I was so happy with the other garden tools that I bought this for myself ... I 've not been able to use it once because he immediately adopted it . According to him it ` digs itself '' . I 'm not exactly sure what that means but he brags about the weight and balance - says it makes it so much easier . The same applies for the square shovel . Super nice weight , well balanced , Comfortable.While it might initially seem counter-intuitive to buy a heavy shovel ... it actually is much easier to work with than a light weight shovel . The weight allows maximum efficiency so you do n't need to strain and struggle to break the earth - it does the work for you . He has a tendency to have lower back pain when working -LRB- age related -RRB- and within an hour this became his new favorite shovel ... he quickly insisted on buying the square head equivalent -LRB- every bit as good -RRB- . The other major difference is the long handle . It seems more and more tools are trying to scrimp by on less material - this is a very solid , very heavy item with an extra nice long handle that is perfect for those who are a bit on the tall side . It also has the rolled edge to keep the foot from slipping ... lots of nice little extra 's that set this apart from the rest.Very pleased with the Fiskars line of garden tools - either buy two or do n't let your husband borrow it ... you wo n't get it back
 After having broken maybe 6 wooden or fiberglass-handle shovels , I have acquired the `` wisdom '' that you get what you pay for . I admit , I used it to pry out a tree stump , so it 's my fault , but this product first bent along the shaft , and then ultimately sheared and broke near the weld . That said , it has been the best shovel I 've owned , and even if it did n't come with a warranty , I would probably go back and buy the same thing . Now for the amazing part ... I called up their customer service , and within 3 minutes , they had my shipping information and told me they are sending me a brand new one ! They did n't even want the old one back . Wow ! I am now a huge fan of this brand and will be replacing my other tools with Fiskars , which all seem to be well-designed , built , and come with a lifetime warranty .
 My yard is full of hard clay and lots of rocks . For simple gardening , I can usually get by with a wood - or fiberglass-handle shovel . But if I need to dig down a ways , or pry out a rotted fence pole , or dig out one of the many stumps we have in the mulched area , ordinary shovels break . I went through 2 or 3 a year , even trying to go easy on them . Then I saw this all-steel shovel , for the same price as the others , and tried it . Here 's what I found after a couple good work-outs : - It 's not unbreakable , but it will take a lot of hard use . I tried to lever out a medium-sized stump , and could feel the handle start to give as I put my full weight -LRB- 250 lbs -RRB- on it . So it wo n't replace a 6 ' steel bar for the big jobs . But it easily dug out many rocks , and a couple of smaller stumps , without a problem . - It 's heavy . No , really , it 's heavy ! Spend a couple of hours digging with this puppy , and your shoulders will ache like never before . You 'll get a lot more done than you could have with other shovels , but you sure are going to feel it.Bottom line
 I 'm an archeologist and our job is to dig ... period . On some survey jobs our crews can dig over 1000 or more shovel tests -LRB- holes to 4 ' deep -RRB- and when you dig that many holes the choice of what shovel to use is serious business . I 've used both wooden and plastic shovels over the years and almost always end up breaking them sometimes after only one day of use . This shovel is metal and very sturdy with some nice weight to it . It 's like the perfect tool for digging . Due to this shovel , I no longer have to hold back and dig gingerly on the job or worry whether or not the dumb shovel will break thus upsetting the boss . If you put a good edge on it the thing will cut thru 5 '' roots like butter . Nice .
 The is by far the best shovel ever . It will chew through the toughest soil , destroy any roots in the way and upheave most stones that would give inferior shovels a problem . But like all tools , it 's not indestructable . I made the mistake of leveraging it against concrete and applying my 200 + pound frame on the other side in an attempt to uproot a tree for transplanting . Thinking my best friend in the garden was indestructable was a miscalculation and I ended up bending it at the leverage point . Oops ! So now I 'm off to buy 2 more now that I 'm a bit smarter -LRB- next time I 'll go grab the prybar -RRB- and I know exactly what my shovel can handle . BTW , any other shovel would have been utterly destroyed in this situation , my bent heavy duty shovel is still capable of turning soil but it 's transplanting days are over . The other reviews have it right . When you grab for this shovel , you know it was designed for work .
 This shovel looks like it will hold up very well . The only problem is that it is very heavy . It 's hard to use for situations where you have to lift it up very high . But for digging , this shovel works great !
 This shovel is a pleasure to use , and both the handle and the blade seem to be unbreakable . The weak point is the weld between them . There is a long weld between the very end of the handle and the curve of the blade , and a short weld between the handle and the step . The quality of this weld varies from shovel to shovel , and on mine , it was unusually small . After a couple years of heavy use , I was prying a piece of buried wood and it snapped . The shovel kept working fine for another two years , and then , when I was prying some roots , the long weld started to break . And yet , if I 'm careful , the shovel still digs ! If you want to pass this tool on to your grandchildren , my advice is to never pull UP on the handle while the blade is wedged under something .
 I 've used this several times , and have been extremely impressed .1 -RRB- I used it to dig down around a stump ; it also sliced right through smaller roots with ease . It easily helped pry up roots .2 -RRB- it slices right through most of my clay soil with ease .3 -RRB- it is heavy , but the balance and sharpness makes up for it -LRB- I 'm a fairly strong , average sized guy -RRB- 4 -RRB- it really excelled at slicing through sod -LRB- or rather bermuda grass ! -RRB- , and leveling out a former garden area.I fully expect this tool to last as long as my 25-year old Smith & Hawkens spade and fork have .
 I purchased this item as a Christmas Gift and lucky for us , the Blizzard of 2013 struck hard . This tool was extremely helpful in breaking up the icy snow which fell first and was then covered by 1.5 feet of soft , fluffy stuff . Having the icy portions gone before having to shovel out the 2 + feet of snow was a bonus . There were no pieces/chunks of ice too tough for this Ice Chopper to tackle . THANKS so much .
 If you have ice accumulated on your walk or driveway then you need this tool . Basic shovels will not remove ice but this tool does ... with ease . This tool is strong enough to handle the biggest job . Buy with confidence .
 We had several inches of snow which was compressed into ice onto our north facing driveway . I could not get it off with a snow shovel . After a few minutes using this , it 's all gone . Great tool .
 This item is how ice chopper/scrapers should be made . One piece of steel from handle to blade.It 's more expensive -LRB- but worth it -RRB- than the cheap ones that have a life expectancy of a storm or two.I keep the chopper blade in a bucket of sand that has a little vegetable oil mixed in with it.This prevents the blade from rusting .
 I bought this last winter because I had been out of town during some snowfall and returned to find an inch-thick layer of ice on my driveway and steps . A regular snow shovel did n't even make a dent in the ice.This tool actually does the job . I lift it up about a foot , then just let it drop down onto the ice , and the weight does the rest . Some days it works better than others , but basically if I chop parallel to the edge about 5 inches in , then continue parallel , the ice comes off in little squares about 5 inches across and an inch thick . Sometimes it requires multiple hits , and sometimes the ice does not detach from the surface of the driveway , but in general it works slowly but steadily . I used it again this winter after our New England ice storm , and it cleared the steps without too much effort.I used the tool the way it came . The blade is not especially sharp , and I have not tried to sharpen it -LRB- I do n't own a grinder -RRB- . It might work even better if sharpened first .
 This heavy duty steel chopper weighs about three to four pounds and has a wide blade that chops through ice easily then be used to scrape it away and completely clear the icy area . It is much better than earlier models with wooden handles and thinner blades .
 This version of the old dairy-barn scraper works really well for breaking up ice on sidewalks and driveways after winter storms . It 's well constructed with the scraper welded to the steel pole which is topped by a rubbery grip . It 's heavy enough to let the tool do a lot of the work -- just raise it up and let it drop ; or put some force behind it for thicker ice . If the cutting edge were a little sharper , it would help when side thrusting along the borders of an ice sheet -- but it does a good job as it is.Definitely an improvement over lighter scrapers attached to wooden poles .
 This is a beast !! It is heavy enuff to smash thru the ice ... Get this one . . It is the best out there for the price !!!
 This is the best ice chopper I have used . I usually purchase the cheaper/lighter ones . They last -LRB- I have given them away -RRB- but the recent weather in NE required I purchase a new one . So I went for the real thing . This chops thicker ice than any other I have used . It is heavier , but just lift and aim , the force of the weight does much of the work . Highly recommended.I must add that I am pleased that amidst a country full of foul weather , this product arrived promptly .
 We had some big snow storms in Southern MD this year and we had quite a bit of ice in our gravel driveway that took a long time to melt . I remembered I had an Ice Chopper in my youth and thought to look at Amazon to see if any were available . I found and ordered one , which arrived in time to let me chop some serious ice in a short time . Once the ice was chopped , it melted away much more quickly . Great tool !
 I really like this chopper . Very good weight ... even my 11 year old was effective with it . However , it is not sharp at all when it arrives to i 'm going to sharpen it to try and make it a bit more effective . Ideally i wish it had another hand grip to absorb shock about 2/3 of the way up so it 's easier on both hands . Of course , my ice is currently 5 &#34; thick so it 's taking its toll on my hands . If you 're chopping 2 &#34; thick ice , it will be simple with this tool .
 If you are looking to buy an ice chopper , THIS is the one to get . It is very well made , solid construction , heavy . Made from a solid piece of steel its built to last and worth spending the extra money .
 I was so pleased to get this product . I had something very light and rusted out before due to much use . The one thing I noticed on the chopper was the weight . Whether you need to scrape the ice or chop it , it does the job . It is very well constructed and does the job quite nicely .
 I mix 1 tube of traditional florescent light -LRB- red spectrum -RRB- with this bulb -LRB- blue spectrum -RRB- in a light tray . You can really see that white is not pure white when you run them next to each other . This is for germinating seedlings indoors to transfer in the warmer months to the garden . Keep the light about 6-12 inches above the sprouts . Most likely I 'll keep growing things indoors throughout the year just to keep the kids ` hands on ' with the entire process . Everything is on a timer . Seedlings go into natural fiber egg cartons with the eggshell as a cup to hold the soil/seed . Under the base is a light rope to keep the bottom warm , and on top is grow light tray . When they 're ready to transfer you just cut the carton into 12 little planters and drop in the ground as is , carton and all!MUCH CHEAPER than buying one of the crazy over priced rigs that do exactly the same thing.The bulb was triple wrapped for shipping in a manner that would make it almost impossible to break . I hate paying for shipping since I have prime but for this product I consider it more for the labor that went into packaging . Took a little while to get here but with gardening comes patience , no biggie .
 I purchased four of the 48 '' Agrobrite Lights 48 '' Tube to use in starting seedlings . They have provided excellent , dependable light without flickering . My seedlings -LRB- geraniums -RRB- have been growing wonderfully under them - growing short , stocky , and full of thick foliage . I am very pleased with these light tubes .
 These grow lights are replacing a pair that finally wore out after four years or so of regular use during the late-fall/winter/early spring months . Other times , the plants are outside , so the light is n't needed.So far , these new lights work fine . I expect these to last about the same amount of time , but as the saying goes
 I was really bummed because I have a T8 light fixture that fits two 48 in . T8 bulbs . I purchased that from H * me Dep * t and have been pretty happy with it so far . I decided I needed a full spectrum light for my seedlings and found this bulb . This bulb arrived with wonderful packaging , no damage whatsoever . It works , burns bright . Only thing is it is a T12 bulb ... so it may not fit in your T8 fixture . It did fit in mine with a single T8 next to it , but they are in there pretty dang tight . I would not have ordered this if I knew it was T12 . Also there 's a chance I am going to ruin my ballast and prematurely kill the bulb by using it in a T8 fixture , but nothing ventured , nothing gained .
 I bought this so my mom could grow here vegetables inside year round . It seems to do the trick just fine . I ca n't think of anything super remarkable or unremarkable to say about it .
 I bought these for an indoor garden . I had the fixture . They provide more than adequate light for most kinds of plants . We brought in many of our flowering garden plants , including our climbers , and a small rose bush . The light is suspended above the lattice about 5 ft over the garden and seems to be sufficent to keep most plants green and growing .
 Your light bulbs are working great and I highly recommend them . I 've been using them on plants that I have repotted and show stress . They really help my plants rebound . Foliage is lush and green and due to the hot weather here in Texas , these light are just perfect . Great product and I will for sure be a returning customer!BJ
 The teeth enable digging through just about any hard soil . No manual shovel does it for you , but this one makes it much easier and it 's a long lasting well-made tool .
 My husband does a lot of digging ... and he LOVES this shovel.Cuts right through tree roots . And loves the metal handle . Should last forever .
 AFTER SEEING A SIMILAR TYPE SHOVEL ON A GARDENING SHOW ON HGTV I WAS ON THE HUNT ! THIS ONE STOOD OUT FROM THE FEW THAT I COULD FIND . I HAVE TO SAY THAT MY COUSIN HARRY RAY WHO HELPS ME OUT OCCASIONALLY WITH MY GARDENING -- HE GARDENS & HAS MANY MORE THINGS TO DO NOW HE 'S RETIRED -- IS ALWAYS COMMENTING ON HOW THIS SHOVEL MAKES IT EASY TO CUT THRU `` FANCY NON-NATIVE GRASSES '' THAT MIGRATE TO DAD 'S / MY YARD & CUTTING THRU SMALL TREEROOTS & THE NATIVE SPECIES -LRB- THAT TRY TO TAKE COMPLETELY OVER -RRB- I LET GROW IN OUR COUNTRY PROPERTY FOR THE WILDLIFE TO LIVE ON IN THE WINTER/SPRING MONTHS . I TOO LOVE HOW THIS SHOVEL MAKES IT EASY FOR ME TO DIG ! SINCE I HAVE GOUT/FIBROMYALGIA & OTHER CHRONIC ILLNESSES ACQUIRED THRU THE YEARS & CAN ONLY GARDEN A LITTLE AT A TIME , I CAN DO MORE WITH THIS SHOVEL THAN ANY OTHER THAT I 'VE OWNED -- & I 'VE OWNED A LOT OF SHOVELS ! I SAVE THE OTHER SHOVELS FOR DIGGING TO PLANT SMALL PLANTS IN AREAS THAT HAVE BEEN DUG & CLEANED UP WITH THIS `` WONDERFUL CAN DO '' SHOVEL . WE HAVE A MIXTURE OF GOOD TOPSOIL/CLAY SUBSTRATE IN AREAS/SANDY AREAS / + STONES & GRAVEL & EXCEPT FOR THE DROUGHT THAT MAKES ALL GROUND CEMENT -- THIS SHOVEL CAN HANDLE ALL OF IT ! IT EVEN DOES WELL WITH WET SOILS ! I WISH THAT THIS WAS AVAILABLE LOCALLY -- SO WOULD N'T HAVE TO WAIT FOR IT TO ARRIVE ! -- BUT WELL WORTH THE WAIT ! I 'VE A FEW OTHER GARDENING FRIENDS THAT LUST AFTER IT , BUT NO I WO N'T PART WITH THIS `` CAN DO '' SHOVEL ! I WATCH THEM LIKE A HAWK WHEN THEY COME OVER TO HELP ME WITH DIGGING !
 Seymour S710 48-Inch Long Fiberglass Handle Notched Super Shovel Round PoinThe shovel came wrapped very securely and in only two days.The super shovel itself is really super . The long handle gives the user enough leverage to break the hardest gravel and soil . The top of the handle has a soft rubber grip which makes it comfortable to use even after numerous pounding on hard soil . The teeth on the shovel is great for breaking roots . Next , I will use it to remove dead grass which is a few inches deep in the soil . The teeth will easily penetrate the dead lawn . This shovel not only works great but looks great with the yellow fiberglass -LRB- I think It 's fiberglass -RRB- handle . I 'm keeping this indoors in the garage to keep it clean and shiny -LRB- unlike my other garden tools which are kept outside since they are ugly anyway -RRB- . Good product for the money . Nothing like a good , old fashioned garden shovel to do the job !!!!
 I 'm glad I got this even though it 's fairly expensive . It does help cut through roots and clay soil and it 's definitely easier than using a normal shovel . It 's well made and the shovel head itself is very heavy duty . Clay has a tendency to stick to the shovel so you do have to knock the clay off regularly in order to maintain the cutting edges .
 I had first seen/read about this type of shovel in a gardening magazine , but had been unable to find one -LRB- most stores had no idea what I was talking about.Amazon to the rescue !!!! I decided to see if Amazon had one , and sure enough - there it was . The notched end cuts thru the roots and soil far better than a regular shovel , making easy -LRB- er -RRB- work of digging new beds in areas which have not been touched for years.The overall quality of the shovel is excellent - and the handle is a good length , and easy on the hands using it - no splinters , as sometimes happens with wooden handles . It 's not too heavy , for those of us who need lighter-weight tools , but very strudy in the parts that count . It also does n't rust . I found that out when I forgot to put it away after using it , and it rained for the next 3 days.I have told several people about this product and it 's quality .
 This shovel works super when there are lots of roots from surronding trees . It is handy when ground id hard and has not been cultivated for a long time .
 This is a great gift for any gardener you know , a great idea that works as well as advertised .
 Length :
 About the Unit : Overall , I 'm happy with the solid build . I purchased the extended legs and it supposes to add another 13 inches as advertise but it only added 11 in . So from original cooktop height 15.5 in , got up to 26.5 in -LRB- claimed to be 28.5 + inches tall -RRB- . Not very happy about this but well , too late now . If I knew this ahead , I would have spend the money at Home Depot custom make my own extension bars.About Propane Consumption : This is a high output burner at 60000 BTU/hr . Therefore , with the low output burner at 30000 BTU/hr , the consumption and cost below will be divided in half.Camp Chef SHP-RL Propane Consumption and Cost --------------------------------------------- 20 lb propane tank holds 360000 BTU/hr . Camp Chef SHP-RL Burner Max Output 60000 BTU/hr . Propane last
 I bought this to boil wort for a home brewing setup . It works fantastic for that . I got a rolling boil pretty quick while it was in the 30 's outside.Here is what I do n't like : - They always paint the tops of these things . Expect it to burn off , stink horribly , turn white . What does n't burn off will flake all over the place . I know it looks better painted , but it 's annoying.-For some reason , every time I lite this thing , the flame shoots back up the burner and I get a little flame at the end of the hose where the air inlet is located . It blows out easily enough , but I do n't like flame where it 's not supposed to be , so watch for that.-I think a better hose would be nice , but it does regulate the flame from full on to low flame reasonably well . I did get a kick out of the label that says to keep flammables 10 feet away , and the hose is 2 feet long.Here is what I like : - My 12 gallon pot fits on it perfectly , of course your results might be different , but my pot is wider than tall and the base fits just inside the ring while sitting on the platform bars . The top ring is nice and large.-It 's very stable . I never felt like the pot was going to rock or parboil me if I bumped it by accident.-People say these things are loud , but I do n't really think it 's that loud . Certainly louder than your grill , but once you hit temp you can crank it down to sustain temp . That 's much quieter , and more fuel efficient . It sounds about like if you went to your car and released a bunch of air out of your valve stem.I think it 's a perfect stove for brewing , with sufficient temp control and plenty of power . I 'm sure it would work great for frying stuff , or pretty much anything that requires large amounts of hot liquid .
 I bought this to use in our camping to heat water for our tent shower and to warm water for dish washing . Those who camp in the mountains 7,000 feet above sea level or higher know that washing dishes at night using freezing water is a pain to your hands . Also , this is great for cooking stinky foods outside our house . I am also contemplating brewing my own beer using this stove.I also purchased the , `` Camp Chef Universal Ignitor CC-IGN '' because lighting this using a match or a lighter is dangerous since the burner is a bit deep to reach . Once installed , I knew right away that the Ignitor will make my life a lot easier especially using it at night.The first thing I noticed taking the stove out of the box is it 's so light which is a very good thing considering how heavy duty it is constructed . The payload limit of my half-ton Tundra is nearly maxed out every time I pack all our camp gears . Again , this stove is constructed with heavy gauge metal and I expect it to last beyond my lifetime . I may have received the old model since it does not have the round ring in the middle of the grill not as pictured here.I also purchased the leg extender to fully accessorize this hot babe but my wife told me that it is a bit pricey after buying those extra accessories . I refrained myself from buying its bag but maybe I wo n't be able to control myself buying it in the future . For now , I will be packing it with the cardboard box it came with for its protection.Overall , I am very happy with this single burner in the same way I was happy when I purchased our first 2-burner Camp Chef Expedition 2X years ago . I can not wait to use it soonest .
 I was amazed by the amount heat it produces . It was easy to assemble and to use . Used a Chinese wok and food came out great .
 It 's good one to buy . I use it to cook on my deck . If you want it to be taller you should buy legs that you can find from amazon .
 I did a lot of research before buying this stove . I bought this stove because I wanted a well built , compact , powerful and versatile stove that could fry a turkey , boil water or just cook while we are camping . This stoves 7500 BTU gets the job done . One other thing I like about this stove is that it can be broken down to a very small footprint . You might think that ability would make the stove unstable . You would be wrong , the stove is very stable even with the legs extensions . This is a great stove for our needs .
 Buy it . Very functional single burner , even in the worst wind gusts . Simple , sturdy and strong flames . Worth $ $ $ $ buying .
 We bought this to do our &#34; low boils &#34; outside because we use a very large stock pot . This works great for these types of cookouts/gatherings .
 Wanted this for emergency use will use it for other uses as well . Well made and easy to set up
 It is great in all ways !!!! More than I expected and hotter . A wok is great on this stove . Would buy again
 We have 14 Homes of Hope in Haiti that house 12 former orphans in a family setting . They use these stoves to cook the large pots of rice and beans and they work great . They 're easy to maintain and clean . I highly recommend these ...
 Very good to use and also take a small space.I bought the cooker bag to and that is excellent.Regards Wasakira
 Ever wonder why the resturant food tasted better than home cooked ? This burner solved that mystery . Most home stoves are boiling the food , not really fry them . This burner put out so much heat , it evaporates the water in the juice , so the juice from food can stay with the food . Flavor is much better in the food cooked on this burner.Ever since we have this burner , we do n't go out to the restruant that much any more . You can really taste the differences from home cooking!Amazon is so good offer free shipping of this item !
 The root soaker is a good product especially in our drought stricken times . Used to water trees , shrubs and plants and was able to get at least a foot down ... my soil is particularly bad with lots of rocks / boulders . Would be good to start holes for fences because of the hydraulic pressure of the tool . Paint finish wore off fairly quickly and needs to be oiled with vegatable oil to keep rust off.Definitly a good purchase ... especially for the price !
 I really like the bat guano for my garden grow , full blooming plants and sweet tasting tomatoes , a good product .
 Amazing results with product.Using this in my greenhouse & Im very happy with how well n eazy it is too apply . ^_^
 My grandma uses this stuff for all of her flowers and vegtables , this stuff makes tulips into preastoric monsterous flowers
 Use as directed , using too much can hurt your plants . I found out the hardway . Also do n't mix with other fertilizers
 Smells just like fresh ground earth . Plants responded in one week with lusher , thicker growth . Guano or go home ! Well worth it if you ca n't find it from a local source .
 Easy to use and have seen great results in the garden . My plants have really responded well to their first transplant when I mixed it into the soil in the hole I dug . and sprinkled a bit around the root base . Goes a long way too .
 It came on time , but when i opened the box . It was popped open and every where . It works well though . My plants like the stuff during flowering . It can be use for tea or top dressing .
 We did not realize how effective this product was until our old one died after 15 years . This product works well .
 We bought this 2 years ago and shipped to Costa Rica because it is not large - can grill for 6-8 people very easily.My husband loved it so much I bought another for our Indiana home . He loves that it heats up so very quicklyand will go to 500 degrees to sear steaks . The stainless steel housing is worth the extra $ $ . Consistent grilling iseasy on the small size . We previously owned The Green Egg and Other high end grills ... this one wins hands down.Great Birthday Gift , Father 's Day gift ... or great gift any day for us `` Domestic Goddesses ''
 This is the 2nd Veranda that we purchased . It is a perfect size for limited space and allows us to grill 10 burgers at a time . We have grilled every type of food on it with great results . We give this a five star plus rating .
 I bought this for my dad for his Birthday . He loves it because it is big enough -LRB- small enough ? -RRB- to grill for just he and my mom .
 This worked out great . With the hard soil in LA , I had to water the lawn the day before to soften it up . But it worked great after that . Lawn looks great as a result of aerating and fertilizer .
 I bought this to aerate an especially tough area of my small zoyzia lawn brought on by excessive dog traffic . It worked fine , although the plugs did n't always push through the other side . I 've also noticed the sharp points are not holding up . I would buy again for a small space .
 I 'm cheap and stubborn ... I like to do things myself if I can save some money ... Two kids and a single income , got ta do what you can ... I purchased this lawn aerator to go over some patches of lawn which browned out last summer and new seed did n't take to these areas in the fall . . With that said , my main goal is to only do patches , not the whole 3000 sq foot lawn I have with this thing . Knowing what my intent of using the aerator for and looking for a low cost hand aerator I have to admit I 'm very happy with this one.Over the past few weekends I 've gone out and aerated the patches of lawn where seed just does n't want to take . After a good rain this thing creates nice 4 '' deep holes in the lawn . It does n't create cores like the motorized one does , but it does a great job punching holes in the ground , and over time , the dirt makes its way out a little hole and creates a core . . It does have a slice in the tube which allows dirt to escape as new dirt is forced into the other end of the tube when creating a hole . It does work , and works well enough . . It does fine in the NC clay we have in the triangle . It does struggle when the soil has gravel in it and requires cleaning every 20 minutes or so . Not a big deal , just use a hammer and screwdriver to clean out the dirt.If you 're motivated you could do a 4 ' x 8 ' section in about 20 minutes with at least 15 to 20 holes every square foot after a good rain . I ca n't imagine this working well in dry clay . It is really good for areas the larger machines ca n't reach , like close to fences or around trees.I would recommend this to anyone who is n't afraid of some light manual labor or has to get some anger out by poking holes in the ground . .
 Bought this about two months ago and have used it four times . Very sturdy with quality construction . Works well and makes large holes for betterwater absorption . Dirt plugs do get stuck in this device but it does not affect it 's ability to make the holes . Would buy it again .
 Purchased this to aerate my lawn . Exrtemely well built !!!! My soil is clay and very dry !!! Some areas could not be penetrated . These areas I used a Rotary hammer w / a bull point chisel !! I think once we get rain it will work great as it actually aerated some areas and w / the dry clay soil that 's a accomplishment !!! UPDATE
 this is much better than ones found at Home Depot . The smaller diameter cores are just the right size to penetrate hard compacted soil and the side vents prevent clogging .
 This is a gorgeous bird feeder . It is well constructed and the birds love it . Highly recommended !
 Attractive , well made , large capacity bird feeder . They are telling me that 13 more words are required in this review ...
 Birds love the new feeder :-RRB- Easy to install and easy to fill . Construction is good , but could have been better on the lid joints . Happy with the product .
 This is the second one of these bird feeders we 've had . The first was a gift and lasted about 15 years . We were thrilled to find the same model again . The birds love it and we get to watch them eat and scrap with each other .
 I just purchased my second Gazebo feeder . The first one provided great service for over eight years before the wood rotted . Of course , it weathered in appearance quite quickly but a small paint job quickly made it look fresh again . Not only is the wood durable but so are the sliding plastic panes . An additional feature is that it holds a lot of feed so if you can keep those pesky -LRB- but creative -RRB- squirrels away , you will only have to fill it occasionally.It takes some installation . I set the pole in concrete to be certain that it stayed level and in place . Altogether I think it took about an hour to set it up . The pole is still there which makes installation of the replacement much quicker!It is a nice product . Enjoy it !
 I used this in my raspberry and gooseberry patch , after last years average crop . Holey cow Batman , biggest harvest ever , even from transplants this spring . I added it to my Tomatoes and peppers and cucumbers , and magic . This is a great product , for organic gardens ! No more miracle grow for me .
 Holy cow . This stuff kills flies on contact ! Only issue I have is that it is VERY oily , and the oil attracts dirt . BUT , if fly free is what you are looking for , this stuff really works .
 I had been making my own fly spray -LRB- vinegar and water -RRB- but it did n't last long and was only partially effective . My farrier pulled out this brand of spray -LRB- he buys it in bulk -RRB- and within a few seconds of brief sprays , the flys were completely gone ! I shopped around for this stuff , but most of the descriptions leave out the size of the container , and even show confusing pictures so you do n't know what the cost/ounce is .
 With the warming pad and this most of my seedlings were up in 4 days . Really works nicely and esy to assemble .
 I got this in a timely manner and everything is in good condition . the light bulb is pretty thin only it seems to be fine to me ! I am overall pleased with the purchase . The light fixture is pretty light weight and seems to be made of cheap materials which is why I am only giving only 4 stars . I would recommend the item to others based on the price . It was a lot cheaper than anything I could find else where .
 The grow light system came in excellent shape and a timely manner . I have just set it up and all seems ok .
 I had been using an LED grow light with minimal success . As soon as I swapped out for this light , all of my full sun seedlings instantly jumped and really started growing.I already had a timer for my other grow light , so that was n't an issue.This product was easy to assemble and best of all most of the packaging is recyclable , particularly the plastic coverings of the rails . There are still a few bags that were n't . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 This slight is perfect ! I bought it for my succulents this winter and it 's been great . my plants are healthy and full , one is even flowering . fantastic , plenty of room under the light -LRB- 2ft -RRB- and works well with a light timer .
 I am a new gardener and this is my first time growing seedlings indoors . So far the lights are working great ! I put them together in around 10 minuts once I figured out what I was doing , thrue tryal and arer , WORNING the instructions included in the package wernt great at all . Turned them on the seeds and 3 days later there starting to jurminate , how cool is that ! The only thing I really do n't like about them is the clippy things that atach the fixture to the stand , there flimzy and keep slipping out of the clips if bumped , but for the munny I payed for it , definitley worth it .
 I bought this at my local Hydroponic store to keep a little of my money local . It was very easy to set up . Well made , easy to use , can be modified to fit your needs . Do not expect large yields under one of these , however if supplemented with two other CFL spiral lights it is keeping my mother in very good condition and inter nodes are close together . Very inexpensive compared to 4 '' shop lights . This stand and light will last me a lifetime . OK , maybe not the light bulb.I assembled in my living room in less than 5 min total . No problems at all . But I am a mechanic by trade .
 I was hesitant to buy based on unfavorable reviews , but could n't find anything comparable anywhere near this price range , so I bought one . Now I am buying @ least one more because I found it to be sturdy and easy to assemble . If I had kids around I would weight the legs so that it would n't tip , but otherwise I find it to be a great value .
 Very well constructed frame , it adjusts so easily too . Single T5 light has a very nice reflector . Would highly recomend this item for your kitchen counter herb garden . Everything grows so healthy , green and well . I 'm very happy I bought it .
 This grow system has worked perfectly so far and was simple to put together . It seems relatively sturdy -LRB- after all , all it has to do is sit on a table -RRB- . While I am skeptical of the long-term durability of the stopper/length control on the suspension cord , so far it 's been flawless . Especially for the price , I 'd buy it again in a heartbeat .
 The Hydrofarm lights are really easy to assemble and disassemble for storage . I have three of the 2 foot lights , which I like because of their versatility . I really need one more . I have one 4 foot light , which I have hanging from chain in my shed . It will not need to be disassembled and was very easy to hang with a few adaptations . The quality is good for my needs ; for a professional gardener , they may be a little flimsy and expensive . Amazon was quite a bit cheaper than the garden stores or the seed companies .
 This light used with a heat mat and temperature controller got my seeds sprouted in about half the time as regular germination . With luck and some care , the seedlings I transplanted into my raised garden will bare plenty of fresh veggies . Look forward to using it again soon .
 This grow light system was a cinch to assemble , straight forward and no directions were needed , really . My vegetable and flower seedlings are growing into lush plants . The adjustment cord is very sturdy and easy to use . I truly do n't know how I raised any of my plants without this set up before . I do remember that my plants were ` leggy ' and never seemed to receive enough light . I would recommend this product to anyone . In fact , two ladies who saw mine , said they wanted one , too ! For the price , an extremely good buy !
 Ordered this on Monday , had by Friday . Very simple to put together , my 8 yr old niece helped . Only issue I had was with the bulb . Would not light up without a lot of twisting and fiddling . I have it all assembled now & working . Ca n't wait to try it out on my newly sprouting cucumber & cherry tomato seedlings ! Also purchased the seed heat mat . After 2 hrs on that all my plants sprouted ! Would buy another of these again !
 The grow light system was easy to assemble and it works wonderfully . I got my seeds started and it 's almost time to plant them outside . I 'd say that this light really gave me a head start !
 I only have 1 complaint about this system - the reflector lights up an area a bit too narrow to be effective for the whole propagation tray . For fluoro lights , the close to the plants , the better , but if lowering this light to a few inches above the soil , then only the middle of the propagation tray -LRB- if you 're using one -RRB- will get the good light . The light received drops off 25 % if you move a few inches off the center , and 50 % a few inches after that , so the middle plants will grow faster . out simply , do n't put a row of 6 little peat pots across , do a max of 4 and line them in the middle and you 'll be fine .
 Came in a snuggly packed box without any problems and was quick and easy to assemble . The seedlings I had started the week before it arrived had started sprouting and were soon under the grow light . I have it setup in the garage and I leave it on during the day while I 'm at work . So far so good . Five seedlings grew strong enough to go outside and are already planted in our raised garden bed . Houston planting/growing season starts early .
 I have used this grow light to start seeds early for about 3-4 years . I 'm about to buy a second one b/c I need more room -LRB- I probably should have purchased the bigger one to begin with . -RRB- This works fine for seedlings , and yes , the frame wobbles , but you can still position the light adequately . The adjustability of the light is far more important , and that works fine . I do notice that seedlings start to slant towards the middle , which probably indicates that the light is not sufficiently distributed but I just rotate the plants . This is more an issue when the seedlings are small and the light is just 2-3 inches above them . Unless you are willing to spend a lot more money , I recommend this item .
 Extremely easy to assemble . If you know how to use a screw driver , you can do in less than 10 minutes . The light seems really bright and the stand is sturdy . Looking forward to starting some plants indoors this year !!
 The product is perfect for starting seedlings in a small area . I put it together from start to finish in ten minutes . Where I live there is n't much of a growing season and the light provides a jump start on the season . Indoor herbs can be grown year around using this light .
 The light came quickly after ordering . Only problem was it contained only one clip to attach the light to the cord which raises and lowers the light . I sent an e-mail and received two clips in about ten days . I 'm very happy with the light and the shamrocks it 's supplying indoors during the winter are loving it , too .
 Arrived quickly . Easy set up . I disagree with reviewers who thought it seemed cheaply made . This thing is solid . Most seeds germinated very quickly .
 I read most of the reviews on here and was worried I would get the poorly built example of this product , but I received the one that they say you merely need a mallet to build -LRB- in reality just a little elbow grease works to get the pieces to fit snugly together -RRB- and it is very sturdy and apparently well made and well thought out . No problems with the raising and lowering mechanism either -LRB- located in the middle of the fixture -RRB- . I 'm guessing the company has heeded the reviews and fixed the issues people were having . They probably needed to sell the remaining poorly executed units . Anyway , great product . I have been unable to find T5 lights in a nice little unit like this one . I am very satisfied with the two I received and am ready to start seeds for the veggie garden this year along with the heat mats this company sells for warming the soil to the proper temp for germination . My bonsai and orchids will enjoy sitting under this as well once seed starting season is over . As for the life of the ballasts , only time will tell , but so far so good .
 Sturdy , snap together parts work well . Even the power cord & on/off switch feel , look , substantial.Could not go with 5 stars because one T5 grow light is not wide enough to use with the tray pictured when starting seeds as I did . The centered row of started tomato seeds get plenty of light . The outside rows receive less light , are a little leggy . and lean toward the center.If I was to start over I would consider a two or three T5 bulb Grow light system . Or start fewer seeds in the center rows only .
 After a bad start -LRB- company shipped stand minus the light -RRB- , I finally received it and Im very pleased with what I purchased . Assembly is a breeze and it seems very well constructed . Ive read other reviews complaining that it seemed flimsy or cheaply made . I dont see that at all . Its very well constructed out of heavy square tubing and the height adjustment for the light is easy and quick to use . Hydrofarm would have received 5 stars but the mistake at the first cost one . I will most likely be ordering other products from the company .
 The unit is sleek and operates as described . However , a connector piece broke during assembly and the fix involved a piece of dowling and super glue . It was simple to fix . Be careful when you are putting this together .
 This product is great to use along with Hydrofarm CK64060 Hot House with Heat Mat or just for 2-3 small to medium house plants that need extra grow light .
 I was a little nervous about ordering this because of quality issues on some of the reviews . They must have fixed the issues because this was the easiest thing I have ever put together . It 's sturdy , attractive enough actually -LRB- I just did not want to drill holes in the ceiling and have those sort of um , ugly lights hang down from the ceiling , even in the garage . So , very happy with the set up and appearance . Now let 's see if I can grow some stuff . Excellent . Good job.p.s . I bought this along with the hydrofarm germination station that someone had suggested in a review . Thanks for that . It is a perfect fit .
 It 's a kit to put together but was easy to do . The light is working well and I have lettuce and swiss chard growning indoors in Idaho in January . I 'm sure you could grow other things but for now this is what I can grow .
 I ordered the JSV2 2 ' grow light jump start system and it arrived pretty quickly and set up was a breeze . All you really need is a screw driver and common sense . I put it together in about 10 minutes and the pully system for the light comes already assembled and works great.It also comes with a 24 watt T5 6400k High output fluorescent bulb which is already installed upon arrival . The 6400k bulb is a very efficient low heat bulb which is designed to promote overall growth in the plant . Because it is a low heat emitting bulb you can place the light source a couple inches from the plants to prevent the loss of light.This is not a complex system , it is simple and efficient . For the price it would be hard to find a package which comes with a stand , a reflective fixture , a good bulb , easy adjustment , and easy assembly . It is a good first step into the grow light world which is vast and and many times confusing . I also found that it is n't really that flimsy . The product is n't industrial grade but the light fixture is sturdy and so is the stand if you put it together correctly.I will be growing venus fly traps when they arrive and I have researched grow light systems quite a bit . This system will only cost me $ 1.50 cents to run per month . The calculation can be done by taking the 24 Watts and dividing it by 1000 to get KW . Then multiply that number by how much the electric company charges per Kilowatt hour . That is the price it will cost to power the light for one hour . Then multiply that number for one hour by however many hours you will run it during the day . Then just multiply the cost of one day by 30 days and you have how much it will cost you to run the system for a month.For example here is mine 24W/1000 = .024.024 x .1484 -LRB- cost per kWh -RRB- = .0035616 cents per hour -LRB- less than 1 cent an hour -RRB- . .0035616 x 14 hours = .0498624 dollars per day -LRB- about 5 cents -RRB- . .0498624 x 30 = 1.50 per month . So my light run for 14 hours will cost one dollar and fifty cents per month . This is assuming that the light runs at 24 Watts per hour.When I was shopping for grow lights online I found a very helpful website that includes a much better description on the Jump Start grow light and has a lot of technical and very helpful information on plant lighting . littlegreenhouse.com/accessory/lights2.shtml#jsfixture.The website has a grow lighting guide and also contains the calculation above . It was by far the most helpful website when considering this purchase . It includes a good bit of information about the T5 6400k bulb and the Jump Start from HydroFarm .
 I was a little afraid to order this because of previous reviews , but found this item to be perfect for what I wanted to use it for . Set up is easy , fast and works just great . Maybe not the most high quality product for the price , but other ones out there are much more expensive and are basically the same . This is just a simple way to get light to your seedlings for a couple months before planting outside . The light raises and lowers just as advertised . Works Great . Would buy it again .
 I just received the JSV2 today , and have n't put it together yet - but I am confident that it is a good product . Here 's the thing
 I bought this item because I was tired of growing my herbs outside and having the voracious squirrels enjoy them more than me . I have three 9 '' pots under this one light , and all pots are growing herbs/peppers well . I do n't know what the one reviewer was talking about with the raising/lowering mechanism , it works fine for me . It 's true though that the plants on the edges do grow inwards a bit , but if you grow in small pots like I do , then its not a problem , every week turn the pot and it grows fine . For the price it would be hard to beat this item .
 Not sure why Trilby O'Farrell `` Truth please '' is having trouble with their unit , but mine moves up and down just dandy . It helps to support the light fixture with my other hand when I pull the string to adjust the height , but it locks just like a window blind . Maybe Trilby O'Farrell should contact the manufacturer and see if there is a problem with that particular unit . Just an idea . Sam .
 After watching one too many movies like `` Serenity '' , `` Book of Eli '' , and `` I am Legend '' ... My overactive imagination ran rampant with worst case scenarios - one of which lead me to realize , `` If there were no grocery stores ... I would not be able to feed my family ... '' It was in that moment that I decided , I need to learn how to garden . This somewhat irrational Hollywood induced fear has turned a girl who previously killed her friend 's houseplants - including a few plastic ones , into a budding green thumb.I began my new obsession with a growing collection of heirloom and organic seeds and a box of jiffy pots . I live in Houston and unfortunately began this new hobby during the hottest part of the year . With heat indexes in the hundreds I was forced to start my seedlings indoors on windowsills . I spent nearly a month chasing the sun inside the house . Moving the seedlings to the brightest spots throughout the day . I knew that this would result in leggy seedlings , but could n't bring myself to invest in a grow light . Partially because of lack of space and partially because I was n't sure how long I 'd stay interested in gardening.I have posted pictures and I am happy to say that in 6 days I feel as if my purchase has been justified . My seedling have flourished rapidly beneath the grow lights . I leave them on for 14-16 hours a day , in my absence they were on for 36 hours straight . I think there is a little yellowing of purple beauty pepper seedlings - but that may be from nitrogen deficiency . I water my seedlings with a little diluted liquid seaweed and will soon introduce a mineral product called Azomite . We 'll see how it goes.If you are also new to gardening , I highly recommend you purchase this growlight ... it 's the most inexpensive and easiest to assemble i 've found on the internet . -LRB- and believe me , i searched for a long time - i really did n't want to invest $ 47 to grow a few tomatoes that end up costing me $ 10 a piece -RRB- You could go to home depot and diy a growlight , but that involves having a permanent fixture , mounting it under a cabinet or worse to the ceiling , figuring out the most user friend system to raise and lower the light , etc , etc. . Plus if you decide to give up the hobby or need to store the growlight between seasons - -LRB- i 'm hoping -RRB- it disassembles easy and fits back into it 's compact box that 's less than three feet long and 3 inches thick.I gave the product four stars - because I do n't have any experience with any other grow lights to compare results.Happy gardening !
 First off the bulbs are not a standard length and can not be purchased at a home improvement store and must be bought from Hydrofarm . I have my plants near a window so I have n't used this all summer because the sunlight is more than enough to keep my plants alive . But as winter set in again and the days grow shorter , my plants became droopy . I put the light back up and the plants are up and well again . Also works great as a lamp , if you want to really brighten up your space . Also , its T5 so its really energy efficient !
 Wow , great little set up . Took me about 5 min to set it up ! I already have some tomato plants and some herbs started to see how much of a difference the light makes . Plants are growing straight up . Exactly what I was looking for ! I might buy another one this spring before the growing season !
 I bought this as a present for my budding green thumb daughter . She loves it -LRB- but is still earning brownie points towards her green thumb -RRB- , and now she wishes it were larger . I may have to buy one for myself .
 I bought this because during the winter , the sun in my house is minimal . My house plants get fairly sickly by the time spring comes around . Using this light , all my plants were growing new shoots and at least doubled in size . The heat produced from the bulb is enough to keep the soil warm which my vegetable seedlings seem to love as well . Extending the height past the maximum just requires some books or boxes . Overall , a fantastic product .
 Easy out of the box setup . i have mine on a timer now for the past week and it seems to be working just fine so far .
 Better price then i found it in hydro stores easy to setup and works great for smaller plants like clones on smaller scale
 I 've only had the Hydrofarm 2 foot jump start system purchased through Amazon for about a month . I have a difficult Curry plant that was looking sickly , but under this system is thriving and growing at a faster pace . I 'm going to put some herb plants under the systenm so we 'll have fresh herbs throughout the Colorado winter . If I had the room , I 'd have gotten a larger system . Ordering through trust-worthy , fast and efficient Amazon has been a good experience for me . I alway look there before buying online .
 This was a little difficult to put together for me with my disabilities . But I did it ! I wish it had two lights . I tried to start seeds with it , but they do better in my Aero Garden . I 'm hopingIt will be enough to keep my pepper and tomato plants going until spring . The replacement bulbs are not all the same , so be careful that you get at least what you got with it . I 'm still trying to find some that are affordable and will do the job .
 this is a nice little unit it was easy to put together and it works perfectly with my ezclone unit
 Great value for the money . My plants are doing so well after using the light for a few weeks . Full spectrum light provides strong solar-type growing power .
 Not much to say . It was easy to put together and easy to use . Just make sure that if you use a timer , the timer is one that accepts three pronged plugs .
 This light was very easy to assemble . It seems sturdy too . The light really works and a lot of the seeds germinated in about half the time that they were labeled .
 I used the Hydrofarm 2-foot system with the T5 fluorescent bulb and achieved exceptional results ; paired with Park Seed 's 40-block bio dome system with the bio-sponges . It was easy to assemble and easy to use . The height of the light fixture was easily adjusted as the seedlings grew . The energy efficient , compact T5 bulb worked great . Other grow light systems , with the larger grow light bulbs I 've used , come in a distant second to the Hydrofarm system . Highly recommended .
 I read a lot of the reviews posted . For the price I thought I 'd give it a shot . Since I 've been ordering products online I 've had extemely good results.And I 've ordered everything from expensive stereo speakers to tea w / no problems.So I was due I suppose ... As the title says , DOA w / the 1st delivery . Do n't think it was packaging , although the packaging is just adequate , it was the construction . The end units , where the electrical connection is made , were loose.Second unit delivered today , no issues . Went togther very easily , everything was included and went together in 10 minutes.It 's not super sturdy but does what it 's intended to do , as other reviewers have expressed as well ... All in all , for 51 . bucks , a good unit . I 'm partial to the T5 bulb . If I could of found a similar twin bulb system using the T5 that was n't too expensive I would of gone that route.I 'd reccommend this unit .
 This was very easy to put together and the stand is very sturdy ! The plants are doing well with the extra exposure of light and will be ready to plant in the garden in May.This was a great value and have recommend to several friends .
 My plants love this grow light . All my seedlings have seemed to thrive . With that being said , you can only fit 1 seed tray underneath , which I have found restricting . The only other negative thing is the design . Everything is sturdy and easy to put together , EXCEPT for the ` feet ' . It took me forever to get them half way attached - and one still comes undone anytime I move it . However , it stands find as long as it is not moved . Still would recommend and would buy multiples if it was n't for the price .
 This grow light kit is performing very well . I use it to strenghten my seedlings once they have sprouted indoors . Seedlings no longer become `` leggy '' because they lack bright sunlight . And I no longer need to keep transplanting seedlings to avoid having long spindly stems . It is a great help to get my vegetable seedlings strong and healthy before I put them in my garden .
 My indoor agaves were not doing well in the winter gloom of Southern Oregon . This grow light system should help them get the sunlight they need . Previous reviews are critical of the metal frame . I find it well built for the price . Nice looking , too . Great price .
 This came nicely packed in three separate boxes with easy to understand instructions . It was simple to set up requiring no tools . The light is easy to adjust up and down . I 'm very satisfied with the product
 GREAT FOR GIVING ALL YOUR PLANTS A SHOT WHEN THEY NEED IT . BEGONIAS LOVE IT . ONLY ABOUT 18 INCHES CLEARANCE
 It 's winter in CO now and having our pots from outside under this light has been great . My flowers had all withered and under the light , some are starting to sprout again . Totally recommend this .
 The grow light was simple to assemble and feels sturdy . I bought it in the winter and used it to perk up my house plants until I was ready to start seeds , which I did , and had plenty of tomato plants come spring!I like that it emitted low heat , I did n't have to worry about singeing my plants . As the picture shows , it only really casts light far enough for one flat of plants , I did poke in pots around the edge and rotated them -LRB- mostly houseplants -RRB- .
 Simple design , easy to assemble and no tools required , handy inline on/off switch , the light raises and lowers by a cord with a simple locking mechanism on the cord that keeps the light in place . The light can be adjusted at an angle if need be . The coverage of light seems good it reflects far beyond a seedling tray .
 I have had this product set up and running for a week now , almost exact . My strawberry plants love it , and I ca n't complain much about it.People have complained that the frame is not very sturdy . The day I assembled it , which took all of 5 minutes including time to unbox it , I tested that . It supported my full body weight , which is well over 240 pounds . So I would n't call it flimsy . The light is bright and consistent . The tube snapped in like it should in a tight fit.The only real complaint I have with it is it 's size . I knew it was only 2 feet wide when I bought it , so its not fair for me to whine too loudly about that . With the plant stand that I had already built out of 2x4s , I would 've been better off with an attachable lamp , but the lamp I got is good enough that I will just find a way to use my stand instead of the one that came with it.Overall I am very satisfied and recommend this to anyone looking for a low cost entry to grow lamps and indoor gardening . If you have counter , floor or table space that you are interested in turning into a plant area , this is a great choice . If you have exposed studding or a prefabricated frame , you might be happier with a different product .
 Just got my little setup today . It was shipped 5 days early ! So far I really think this unit is going to help me alot with growing my trees from seed this winter . I truly recommend this product .
 Works great for my aquaponics grow beds , and I like that the light 's height is so quick to adjust as the plants start growing . The cord sometimes comes loose from the light , but that 's my only quibble . Very easy to assemble .
 Nice compact grow light setup . Good for sprouting veggies in the late spring and also growing greens and herbs indoors year-round .
 Orded this product for my daughter and I to start our flower garden early this year . Simple to set up and within 5 minutes it was working over the plants . Only regret is that I should have ordered the 4 foot version so I could fit a couple extra trays under it.Good product , assembles easy , and does what it says it will do .
 I was tempted to go 3-stars but the product does what it 's supposed to do , my only complaint is price.Here are my two-cents .1 . This is so simple to assemble I 'm stunned people are complaining about the instructions . I 'm no mechanical whiz and I had this assembled in under 10 minutes .2 . Quality of parts is very good . No complaints there .3 . The light setup is n't what I was expecting . This is a single bulb -LRB- probably explained in description but I saw something different when I looked at the picture -RRB- . Total width of lighting canopy is about 3 '' . Light output is very strong -LRB- for the size -RRB- and all of our sprouts are off to a great start . Accpetable but I expected something more for the money .4 . If you asked me , without knowing , what this sells for I 'd guess $ 30 . It 's a simple metal frame with a light ! $ 50 is high - $ 75 is a rip off .5 . Shipping ... ordered with Amazon Prime , here in 2 days , well packed and everything in perfect condition.Overall I 'm happy with the setup and * I * sure would n't let the instruction complaints stop me . I bought this because it appeared to be the best solution for the money - ca n't say I 'd change my mind , but I 'd take a second look around too.UPDATE
 This grow light was exactly as advertised . It was fairly easy to install -LRB- although I needed my husband -RRB- and it is perfect for my orchid plants . I did n't have a big space available so that the 2 footer was a perfect choice . I can fit close to 8 plants within the configuration . Now i must wait for the orchids to bloom .
 I ordered the hydrofarm JSV2 2-foot jump start system with prime shipping and it arrived on schedule . Opened box and reviewed parts . The support sections are reasonably solid and the frame for the lamp is lightweight but functional . The instructions are brief but understandable if you have some experience with putting together parts to form the structure . You screw two support frames to the two feet . Be sure to use two washers as provided and tighten . Then push two frames into square holes in the upper frame . You have to use a little force , but my palm of hand was a sufficient hammer . Then attach two clips to light frame and attach to support lines coming down from upper frame . Took no more than 10 minutes.Light works , plants seem to be happy . System is stable on table .
 This has helped me start seeds as well as grow fresh things throughout the winter . The only problem is that some of the seeds grew much faster than expected and ended up too big to fit under the light long before it was warm enough to put them outside ! It is simple to set up , simple to use , and very effective . It fits perfectly on a kitchen counter . I highly recommend this grow light .
 I love this product . Very easy setup . Light weight , but it is easy to put together . Very good instructions . Light works very well . Easy to adjust up and down . I have mine above some herbs in larger pots that I brought inside . I have the frame set up on large concrete blocks I use to raise beds in my garden . This works well . I can adjust the light over these larger pots very well . I have basil , rosemary , thyme , Thai basil , and italian parsley that I brought inside . They are doing very well . 1st time to have them survive inside . My next project is to try seed starting .
 I ordered my first system in Dec 2010 . It was easy to put together with a screwdriver , a block of wood and a hammer . The instructions called for a rubber mallet , but I used the wooden handle to my wire grill brush and a hammer - worked perfectly.The only problem was the packers stuffed the center rope and plastic toggle adjuster into the hole on the frame where I needed to put one of the legs . I was afraid I would n't be able to get it unstuck without breaking it , but I finally got it.The light is great ! My old -LRB- old , old -RRB- grow light was like a heat lamp , and you could n't place it close to a plant without burning the plant . After 2 weeks with the light on 8am to 5pm daily , my plants -LRB- succulants -RRB- are no longer growing toward the tinted window . They are growing toward the light . I was so tired of my plants getting all leggy by the end of winter.I liked the light and stand so well I asked for and got another one for Christmas . Zero problems with the setup on that system .
 I was hesitant to buy this after reading some of the negative reviews about not being able to put it together , but took the leap anyway . Sure enough , I could n't clip the light to the fixture ... . because they had provided TWO sets of clips for mounting under the counter and NO sets of clips for mounting it to the fixture -LRB- instead of one of each as the enclosed instructions indicated -RRB- . However , a quick e-mail to their web site with an explanation of the problem resulted in the proper clips arriving within two days . Whole thing works like a champ now . I 'd give it five stars if it were n't for the added hassle .
 This light is a great starter grow light . It was easy to put together , and sturdy as long as you do n't mess with it too much . I have mine sitting on my couter top in my kitchen and it fits great . If your doing more intensive seed starting i would suggest a grow light with more bulbs . Otherwise this item is great .
 I love my light . 1st time ever growing seeds indoors and this was such an ease to put together and use .
 I had always just used a regular lamp and a south facing window . And only had limited and some what pathetic results despite years of trying . I finally decided to stop messing around . Put this on my Amazon Wish List for Christmas and was happy to get it . Combined with a seedling heat mat under my seedlings I am seeing faster and healthier growth in all of the seeds I planted . Many of those only sprout in full sun , and I do not think any of them would have come up without this lamp . Very excited , and have just ordered another one !
 I would have liked a two bulb system better . Otherwise , the stand is sturdy and easy to assemble . The switch on the light is vert useful -LRB- rather than plugging and unplugging -RRB- . The ability to raise and lower the light will be useful , I think , when my seedling get bigger .
 I live in the city and do not have a lot of backyard space to garden in so I do not need to start a lot of seeds but for my small space it is perfect . I would n't recommend for large gardeners but if you have a patio or small garden and want to start your own seeds and not buy small plants it is wonderful . I put it on a timer so that I do n't have to deal with it unless I need to water the plants .
 Received today.Assembly could n't be simpler as there are only two screws and washers that are used to attach the bottom to the two uprights . However one of the two threaded uprights would n't accept the screw . I can only assume that it either was not threaded or that the threading was done incorrectly.In my case , I had already started my seedlings and could n't wait for a replacement so after 1/2 hour of trying to get the metal screw provided into the threaded rod , I gave up and found a wood screw that had an acceptable diameter near the head and managed to get the unit to work.The unit is now assembled and working just fine . The seedlings seem happy so with a little ingenuity I have a working unit .
 Everything went together very well and now my plants are receiving all the light they need to grow in the far north winter .
 I replaced a very expensive growing system that uses proprietary bulbs and plant containers with this item , a few inexpensive clay pots and a shallow pan/tray to keep the pots in . Live plants I 've put under this light immediately start growing toward it and plants have much more room to spread out . I 'm just now trying to germinate some jalapenos so we 'll see how that goes , but just for keeping fresh potted herbs from the grocery store alive indefinitely this thing is terrific . A couple of transplants from the proprietary system -LRB- cilantro and mint -RRB- were struggling in their confined spaces but now are exploding . I bought a live basil plant from the grocery and it is thriving -LRB- although parts of it are going to be sacrificed on top of a pizza tonight -RRB- . My only complaint was that the power cord would n't connect tightly to the light fixture . It kept falling out . I did n't know whether the fixture or the cord was the problem and I did n't want to return the whole thing , so I went to Hydrofarm.com and sent a note via the `` contact us '' page describing my problem . In a couple of days a very helpful guy named Nick wrote back and said he 'd seen this before and a replacement cord had always fixed it , and could he send me one ? Long story short , the replacement cord he sent me did the trick . Thanks , Nick!A minor thing to know
 I got this , along with the Hot House with Heat Mat for my son in Canada . He called , very happy with it .
 Unit ships with a single t5 lamp that will start seeds to a couple of leaves but is not enough light to take palants to bloom.Unit is strong well made . With the addition of a four bulb t5 light assembly it is just wonderful .
 I was looking for an indoor growing system to start my garden seedlings . I have limited window space and there 's just not enough sunlight coming through . I like my garden plants to have a good start before I put them outside . This product solved my problem . After trying it , I purchased a second unit . It 's an adjustable light stand that comes with a T5 light bulb . It took me about five minutes to assemble . I tested it with Cat Nip -LRB- Nepeta Cataria -RRB- seeds and Provider Beans . Both are growing nicely in my office . I 'm very satisfied with this product . I almost passed on it because other reviews said it was flimsy . It 's only meant to hold a lamp . It looks like it will come apart easily for storage . The metal bars can hold up the weight just fine . This is a great value in my opinion . It would have cost me more in parts and time to build something similar myself .
 This grow light system works like a charm . Very easy to set up and the system to raise and lower the light is simple and quick to use . I have been using it to start tomato and pepper seeds and after two weeks under the grow light , they are thriving and already producing their second set of leaves . Excellent product and a fair price .
 To address some things in other reviews :1 -RRB- My Hydrofarm box was packed inside another box with padding materials , unlike others who 've complained that theirs was not and thus arrived damaged .2 -RRB- The frame was not warped , twisted , or otherwise misshapen .3 -RRB- Mine does have the blinds-like pull string to adjust the height quickly and easily , no s-hooks in sight.Those points addressed , overall , this is a solid product.Yes , there 's only a single bulb , so your plants may tend to grow toward it instead of directly upward . This product would not be a good choice for plants that are going to grow indoors and only indoors unless they have a single stem that can be directly under the light . It 's much better suited to starting seedlings that will be transplanted outdoors or moved into a cold frame after they 've grown a few inches.There are only two flaws in this product that i 've found : First , the cord for the light is stiff , and wedges against the frame and pushes the light into an odd angle . You can fix this quickly with zip ties or string or anything of that ilk . Just loosely tie the cord to the vertical bar of the frame , and the problem is solved.Second , it comes with two screws and two washers for each screw . In the assembly instructions , it says to use two washers with each screw , but then shows a picture of the screw , a washer , and a bolt . It 's left to the assembler to determine in which order to place the washers.For a backyard gardener or farmer who wants to get their plants started indoors , this will do nicely . If you need to do any intensive indoor gardening , this product will not make you happy because it is not designed for that . The reason it 's so inexpensive is because it 's a simple , cheap frame with a single light bulb . It does what it 's designed for and not a bit more .
 A good light for the money . A little filmsy , but mine works as described.I would recommend it for a starter light .
 I purchased this grow light system to start seedlings in a flat , and also hopefully to be able to grow herbs during the winter . Given the moderate pricing , I was pleasantly surprised that -LRB- when put together -RRB- it is very sturdy and well designed . It took less than 10 minutes to put together , using only a phillips head screwdriver . Although I will admit that -- to make sure the sides went into the top crossbar securely -- I used my large indoor rock that I keep for pounding things . The instructions recommend a rubber mallet , but the rock 's more fun . A hammer would work , too , if used gently . The instructions were fairly clear , as long as you compared them to the photos.There are some extra clips included for some kind of permanent attachment . The instructions for those did n't make sense to me , and the hooks that go with the height adjustment cord were simple to install -LRB- they just clip on -RRB- & all that I needed , so I 've ignored the others.I do n't know why Trilby O'Farrell `` Truth please '' felt there was no height adjustment for the lamp -- the cord is pre-strung and raises and lowers the light as expected . Perhaps he received a different product . However I do agree with Marshall Simmons regarding the shipping packaging ... there is none ! I ordered this product along with a seedling heating mat . The heating mat , which is flat and all one piece , came enclosed in an oversized cardboard shipping box . This product , which has many parts and a fragile bulb enclosed , was sent as is in its shelf box , with no extra taping at the ends to keep them closed . One end was torn open , and I 'm very surprised that nothing fell out . I actually took photos just in case , before opening it to check . But -- by some miracle -- everything was intact & working.At its highest adjustment , the distance from tabletop to light fixture is about 19 '' . The light fixture lowers almost all the way down . So , while not tall enough on its own for very tall houseplants , for anyone looking to start seedlings or give light to houseplants that are moderately sized , this is an excellent product for the price .
 I am quite happy with my Grow Light System . It was easy to set up and use . One of the light bulbs in my kit did n't work , but the manufacture quickly replaced it . When it finally warms up enough outside to plant my seedlings I 'll have to come up with something else to grow under the light , maybe I 'll try my luck with African Violets .
 I did extensive research looking for a grow light that I could use on a tabletop for starting seeds early in the spring and growing herbs from seed during the winter.This was the lowest-cost product of its type , and I could n't find any other adjustable stand with an included light for anything near the cost.It is made of lightweight metal , and not extremely sturdy . However , if you are using it on a table , you are not likely to need to move it except to raise and lower the light using the attached cords , and this part works very well.The product does everything it is advertised to do . It has a good quality power cord attached to the -LRB- very bright -RRB- light , and the on/off toggle switch is easy to use.It is a good value for the price . In fact , I have never had very good luck with starting seeds indoors , and the quality of this light seems to be the correct type in order to allow seeds to correctly germinate.I had good results , and when I transferred plants outdoors , they did well adjusting to real sunlight -LRB- hardening off -RRB- even though I should have given them more time.Two green thumbs up !
 My newly transplanted violets love this light - I 've had it for a few months now , and I 've never seen them look so healthy . It was easy to assemble and fits nicely on a shelf under a skylight that is covered with snow during the winter months . I was concerned about finding a backup T5 fluorescent light bulb , but found one at a local nursery . The fixture curves nicely around the bulb so that the light is directed down and not into your eyes or the rest of the room , and it 's easy to adjust the height . Now there 's a little corner of summer in the middle of the winter season !
 Purchased this off amazon because it looked very interesting with so much positive feedback.Shipping was on time and perfect.Little annoying though with having four boxes inside one another but kept the product intact and in pristine condition.Easily set up and works wonderfully so far on my smaller plants.Would definitely recommend this to any first or seasoned grower .
 Iam very happy with this grow light system . It is well built and went together in two minutes . Just two phillips head screws and you are done . My plants are doing well with it so the bulb is a good bulb and the box says it is rated for 20,000 hours so it should be quite a while before it needs changing . The best thing about it is the draw string that lowers or raises the light unit , very easy to use and preassembled . I am keeping two bonsai , two venus flytraps and two miniature sinningia under it and they are all doing very well .
 I have not yet started this years seed starting , but have assembled and tested this unit . I have seen some quality concerns in the feedback , but I think it is fine . It is the perfect size for the various flats in use and adjusting the bulb height is a snap . Assembly took 5 minutes . I appreciate the growing tips enclosed and found I had not been using the correct time schedule .
 I have been using the light on a timer for several weeks now . I have seedling tomatoes , eggplant and peppers coming up . The seedlings are stocky and intensely green . The broad spectrum lights are working very well . The system to raise and lower the lights is a little difficult to work with - I am always scared I will squash the seedings while adjusting the level . The frame was also a little difficult to put together , but it seems pretty sturdy now that it is together . The delivery was on time , but the box was damaged so that I was concerned about the light bulb . But the inner package kept the bulb unbroken . All in all , I rate this at a solid four stars .
 I thought that I 'd write an updated review on this product as some of the reviews seem to pertain to earlier revisions of this product . Except for a missing parts on the first light that I ordered , which , as has been my experience , was taken care of quickly and easily by Amazon , i have found the product to exceed my expectation . With regard to the assembly of the leg parts , on both lights that I looked at , assembly was easily done . The slip fit metal parts had a snug fit , but was done with slight pressure that most/all adults would be able to do . The light itself was packaged nicely with foam protectors , which need to be removed prior to use -LRB- easily done by removing the fluorescent tube -RRB- . The height adjustment mechanism now uses a very simple yet effective nylon cord on either side of the light that runs through nylon bushings in the top crossbar , that is adjusted by using a `` stop device '' used on winter jackets or gloves to make adjustments.Except for the missing part problem , I would easily rate the item 5 stars .
 I bought this locally in 2009 and it really works well . It 's fairly easy to assemble.The light 's height is easily adjustable . I grow some Sundews and Mexican Butterworts under mine . It also works great for starting seeds and growing lots of other plants like African Violets and Streps.Like all florescent lights I suggest replacing the tube after 1 to 11/2 years as their intensity decreases over that period of time .
 I have n't written many reviews , but wanted to let folks know how pleased I am with this Grow Light system . I am using it , along with a heat pad to start vegetables in the dead of winter which are then transplanted into containers for indoor growing and , later in the season , outdoors . It is a simple product , intuitively easy to assemble and effectively doing its job . I did have to supply two s-hooks that were not included in order to attach the lamp fixture to the height adjustment mechanism ... I am considering buying another ! And as always , Amazon 's delivery was great !
 This is an excellent , very sturdy product that is easy to put together and use . It only took me 10 minutes to assemble the unit . Using a rubber mallet -LRB- as the instructions recommended -RRB- pushes the metal pieces together tightly so the legs wo n't wobble when the unit is fully assembled . The unit also comes with rubber padded feet so it wo n't mark up hardwood floors.I am using the light to grow fruit bearing plants , flowers , sensitive cuttings -LRB- such as coleus -RRB- , and new seedlings during the winter months . After only a few weeks of using the light , I 've noticed a big difference in how healthy my plants look . The light does not get hot so it is very safe , and the height of the lamp is easily adjustable -LRB- up or down -RRB- with the pre-attached cord . It is a great product for the price , and it really does produce a visible change in the appearance of the plants .
 Bought this grow light kit on sale for less than it would cost to buy the separate parts.Assembly was super easy , 2 screws , everything else just `` snaps '' together , simple design!Stand is quite sturdy when put together correctly ! The top bar fit to the supports is tight & required a rubber mallet to fully seat ! its only one -LRB- 1 -RRB- light tube & I would have preferredthe two -LRB- 2 -RRB- tube fixture . T5 HO light is 24 watts - output rated 2,000 lumens @ 6500K . IMHO !
 Great product . Ignore the reviews that say its flimsy . It 's a solid unit , I would suggest it to anybody looking for a good seed starting light setup . Is it spring yet ?
 We wanted a nice grow light that would keep our Basil growing all winter . The stand is very sturdy , the light can be raised up or down , and the planter fits perfectly between the supports . We were also happy that the bulb was included . We will definetly purchase this item again .
 I used this item to start several vegetable and flower plants . I started 25 tomatoes , 6 peppers , several strawberries , 6 daisies , and 6 money plants all at the same time . I had to do some creative shuffling and aluminum foil placement to benefit from the light completely . But all in all it worked for me .
 This light is just right - the right size , the right height and the right width , allowing all my small plants that wo n't fit on the windowsill to flourish . It works great for my terrariums , too .
 Overall nice product and better built than the previous one . I guess the only thing I do n't like about it is the fact that I would have liked the actual lighting system wider so if covers the tray more completely , width wise . The plants that I have started are kind of bending towards the middle . Anyone have an idea how to stop that from happening ?
 This is a nice table-top device for limited amounts of indoor growing . Has a single T5 light source , but this is a great and inexpensive way to begin indoor cultivation . Later you might like to graduate to larger set ups that will have 2 or more shelves and multiple lights for starting larger numbers of seedlings .
 I was so pleased with the Hydrofarm 2-foot grow light . I have a head start on my garden for 2010 . Already have peppers and tomatoes in gallon cans . Looks like an early spring for Washington State.The grow light takes the edge off of wanting to get busy planting . It was easy to set up and does not take up a lot of space .
 The lamp overall is great , but the frame is a little shorter than I wanted . But we propped it up and it seems to be fine .
 This is my first time starting vegetables from seed 's , i ` am sure thanks to the help of the light i ` am going to have a huge garden.i myself had no idea where to start with lights soil etc. ... but wanted to grow my own vegetables.it 's like magic really it just pulls them out of the ground & etc , 3-4 days & i have corn , watermelon , okra & more.this is a really easy setup do n't really need any tool 's .
 I received this grow light stand with light within two days of ordering it . Assembly took my husband ten minutes for stand and light fixture , He 's a carpenter so he can easily put things together . `` This is easy , it just takes common sense ! '' he commented . For someone like me who needs step-by-step instructions though , it may have taken me a bit longer . There are instructions for the light fixture assembly but he did n't even open those.He noted that the light fixture is slightly uneven on top -LRB- the hooks are n't evenly placed -RRB- but that is because an inch is needed for the electrical cord once the light is hanging from the stand . So do n't let the uneven hook mounts fool you . Once the lamp is hanging there is very little wiggle room for the lamp to dangle.And what a bright light it is . My little 10 `` x20 '' germination set almost seems too small ! Depending on how far away the light hangs from the seed box -LRB- the distance is easily adjusted with the white cord -RRB- this light could easily provide light for a seed box twice the size with regular rotations of the seed boxes . After 12 hours ofnon-stop burning , the lamp did not get hot.The stand is sturdy . But what amazes me is the brightness of the light . Just one lamp in the dining room provided more light than a night light at night . I may have to find a more inconspicuous place for this thing.All I have to see now is how long the provided lamp works . This stand is a tad expensive but if it provided the medium to grow seedlings evenly , it 's worth the price .
 this was the least expensive system i was willing to try . it arrived on time and in a few days we had first lettuce leaves in our hydro area . straight forward and easy to use .
 some peope were complaining this thing did n't fit together very well , it looks like they fixed the problems all i had to do was five minutes worth of work and its all set up , does not has S hooks like the picture it has an inexpensive yet functional rope pulley system . Also someone was complaining it wasnt shipped well , well they more than fixed that . . I got mine in an amazon box in another amazon box then I got to the box with what i ordered and within are a separate box for the light and box for the stand so I got it with five boxes ... Im giving the item four stars till I see if it puts out the results im looking for , until then it seems to be good quality and its pretty darn bright ...
 This grow light is very good quality manufacture - it was easy to assemble and works fine - it is the ideal size for greenhouse use
 The kit was easy to assemble , taking less than ten minutes . Sturdy and stable , with easy height adjustment and a bright light . Large enough for any seed starting kits I 've found in stores . I 'm using it to grow herbs indoors , but ca n't wait until March , so I can start seeds for the garden , and really give it some use . Very pleased with this purchase .
 Read previous reviews and was sort of iffy about buying this light due to the stand being `` flimsy '' . I received the light/stand today and built it in under five minutes . It is held together by two phillips head screws on the bottom of the side posts and the top slides down over these posts . Yes , the stand will be flimsy if the screws are not tightened down enough and the top needs to be hit with a mallet to secure itself down . The metal is a good grade and thicker than I thought it would be after reading the reviews , almost an 1/8 '' thick . All-in-all I am very happy with this product .
 In an effort to keep costs low year round , I 've been making -LRB- mostly vain -RRB- attempts at starting vegetables from seed . I just did n't have enough natural light in a warm enough part of the house to start seedlings inside . I was looking for an affordable kit that I can set up on my two 24 '' flats , and this one works great . I 'm not gardening on a large scale -- if I were , I would go the DIY route and get some full size shop lights . For my two small flats -LRB- 144 seedlings total -RRB- , this is perfect . It 's compact , easy to put together and maintain , the pull tie height adjustment works just fine and I 'm overall impressed with the build quality.Considering the price , and if you 're keeping your garden habit to a relatively small scale , this is what you want to get .
 I 've been using this light for a few months now . I have two of them . I use one for seedlings and another for mature plants . I 'd say the lights are doing a job well done . I 'm thinking of getting a couple more to grow some vegetables .
 So I bought this grow light system even though some of the reviews were unfavorable . I am certainly glad I did not pay attention to those . It came right out of the box and snapped together quite easily . You only needed a screwdriver for just two screws . The light snapped in solidly as did the mounting clips . The item is pretty sturdy and I am very happy with it . I purchased a timer separately and that would be my only complaint that it would be complete if it had a timer included . For this type of product that is pretty inexpensive . You could probably make something yourself for less money Using PVC pipes and the light fixture . But because im disabled It helps that everything is easy to put together so that someone can help me get it setup .
 The shipping was good , it seemed very well packaged . You can set the whole thing up in 10 minutes or less ; ez peazy . Fits perfectly in the space I wanted it in . My only complaint is that the reflector is a little jank and the light does n't quite fit in it right . So it may seem like the setup is n't working , but you just have to jiggle the light around a bit .
 Bought two of these Hydrofarm jump starts I start all my garden seeds indoors , middle of March and I keep them under the grow lights until time to plant garden . Works fine , thinking of buying a four foot one . The T5 bulbs stay cool , I 've tried other bulbs , these are by far the best .
 Have tomato , pepper plants that are nearly four feet tall ! Love this light and ca n't wait until next year to start more seeds . I even used it , nearly right out of the box , to start some annuals right at the end of spring -LRB- which are doing great -RRB- and I am currently growing some herbs -LRB- cilantro , thyme , basil and parsley -RRB- I did n't have too much money to spend , but fifty bucks -LRB- shipping and all -RRB- for the 2foot lighting system was more than ideal . It also arrived very fast , so I could n't have been happier . When I can find some more table top room I would love to get another one , as I am planning a big garden next year . This is my first time growing veggies and I am very happy with the results so far thanks to my rich soil and my lighting system . Also , I use timers in my home for my lights , so I had an extra I plugged in for this light to come on from 7am-7pm , daily so my seedlings get plenty of light . Just set it and forget it . Love it ! Thanks !
 This grow light was easy to set-up , and gave my little tomato plants the light they needed after sprouting . This was my first year trying to grow from seed , and after I got the seeds to sprout -LRB- I learned the seeds do n't want light until they germinate -RRB- , this light helped them to grow until I was ready to plant them in the yard . I really liked that the light height was adjustable . And you do n't need the more expensiveHydrofarm CKTRAY Cut Kit Tray -LRB- see my review on this -RRB- . The cheap $ 2 tray I got at the orange-themed home improvement retailer worked just fine , fit nicely under this light.For a novice gardener , this is a great plant light . This one is slightly flimsy , but it works and is great for the price . There are much better plant lights out there -LRB- for much more money -RRB- . I do n't need anything that good . Now that I know to germinate the seeds before putting them under the light , I think I 'll be even more successful next year.Oh , the first one I received would n't turn on -LRB- some problem with the light -RRB- . Amazon sent a replacement the day I submitted my return . The second one worked . Thanks Amazon !
 I purchased this light kit to start vegetable seeds indoors as to get a jump on the planting season . It goes together easily and is sturdy enough to hold the light with no problems . The light is bright and works well . While you can have several plants thrive under the light , I would like to see a larger light reflector with two or four bulbs instead of one . I do recommend this product and I would purchase it again .
 It 's not made to take a beating , but it does what it 's supposed to do , easy to assemble , easy to use and the bulb is plenty bright for cloning and even some pre-vegging of short plants . Heat is not an issue from the little T5 bulb , so you can put it almost right up against the clear cover on your clone tray and bathe those babies in lots of light without worrying about fire or melting plastic , etc. . . my only complaint is how flimsy it is when it 's put together , but then again it 's not made to move around all the time , it 's made to be a semi-stationary object ... so I guess I ca n't complain too much about it ... it was worth the money , the clones LOVE it and it 's VERY cheap on the electric bill
 The system includes the light frame , the light bulb and hanging light fixture . You are responsible for setting up the plant trays which are not included . Get the light frame first then decide what kind of planting materials you want to work with . It has worked well and most of the seeds planted 3 weeks ago are up and growing . Might work better in a warmer room to keep a more constant temperature for the seeds to sprout . Inexpensive way to see if you really want to start seeds yourself or go buy plants at your local nursery .
 I ordered the growlight along with a germination station . Both items were received before the week was over . Set-up was easy . I am now ready to start my herb garden indoors and enjoy a new hobby . I would highly recommend this light system and seller to anyone . Ca n't wait for the seeds to arrive .
 My favorite feature of this light is that it does n't make a buzzing sound . Considering how quiet , cool , and low-power it is , I have no problem leaving it on all day.The downside is that there is only one bulb in the fixture , so it only really provides light over a 4-inch x 2 ' area . It can barely accommodate 2 rows of peat pots without having seedlings growing on a slant.This was definitely good enough to start a small herb garden , but if you 're doing serious gardening you may want to consider a larger setup .
 The Burpee Hydrofarm Grow Light System is a true 5 star gem . It works like advertised and is easily assembled in less than 10 minutes . Mine is starting plants for the summer which I 've never fast started . Anyone having trouble with this item should let their 8 year old neighbor put it together and demonstrate its use .
 I 've bought two of these so far , the first one was a little shaky but overall if you do n't plan on moving it all the time then the design really does n't effect anything . I ordered another one this month and noticed the design is a little bit different , the overall structure is somewhat larger and definitely more sturdy . The light itself is the same , although it seems like it shines more like the sun and is much easier on the eyes . If you are worried about buying it because the reviews say the design is flimsy the newer design is n't flimsy at all . Definitely would recommend this to my friends , easily adjustable , easily moveable , great price . -LRB- I 've seen this selling for much more money on other sites -RRB-
 Provides what I need as an apt grow light system for a couple of bonsai I have.Fluorescent is the way to go to develop maximum light output on the plants at close distances.Need a timer to be attached .
 You will not get thriving blooming plants from this fairly modest , low-cost , grow light system . If you place it in a window which gets a southern exposure , you might achieve the results shown in the photo.The system works well for seedlings when you lower the light , per the directions , to close proximity with the soil . The system is easy to put together , pretty steady and well built.Overall , I highly recommend it as a grow light system in a box . You do not need to go find components , as they are all there . All that is missing is the grow box , potting mix and the seeds .
 I purchased this because I am just starting with Bonsai and I received a deciduous Bonsai tree for Christmas . I need the extra light because of my window arrangement . I read the writeup online and decided this had the right kind of bulb to boost my trees.This device is wonderful . It is very high quality . All the parts are heavy duty and they fit together perfectly . It is very easy to assemble and it works great . The cord and switch is heavy duty . The height of the light is adjustable and even the paint looks great ! It was very well packed . I highly recommend this grow light . I have seen it in a local store for a great deal more.I was having trouble with one of my trees and this light was instrumental in helping me recover it this winter . I only use it in the day time to give my trees a boost.So now I bought some starter trees online and I 'm going to order another one of these lights today .
 This light has been the difference between success and failure with seedlings . It 's a little tricky to put together because there are extra parts - you have choices . But if you use the strings -LRB- provided -RRB- it works great and you can raise and lower the light light with blinds . I have set it up with a timer .
 I do n't normally bother to review products , but in this case , I feel it 's warranted . I read through many of the reviews here and see that some of the issues people are complaining about seem to have been addressed . Do not rely on the older reviews!I received my kit last week and I 'm really pleased with it . The product seems very different from some of what people here have reviewed . The company probably should have called it a new name or given it a new product number or whatevs.For a start , there is no chain - it 's a nylon rope pulley system . Secondly , the one bulb comes packed separately and securely . -LRB- Pull out the two styrofoam inserts bracing the bulb before turning it on . -RRB- Thirdly , I guess you used to need a screwdriver but now there are no screws - you just fit the plastic ends of the two leg pieces together and then push them into the arms , and voila . -LRB- This was the only part I had even a little trouble with
 It is lightweight , which I wanted , because it 's easy to move and to store . It seems sturdy enough , though . It is easy to use , makes plenty of light , and accommodates one flat . Just what I wanted , it made my houseplant perk up , we 'll see how it works for seed starting .
 This was just what I needed to get my clones going in the garage . I used this with a Humidity Dome , heating pad , Thermostat .100 % cloning success .
 This was a birthday gift wanted by my grand daughter-in-law . Have n't seen it yet -LRB- due tomorrow -RRB- but she apparently knows what she wants .
 Now that I am turned on to the idea of saving my plants , and starting herbs , peppers , flowers . I do n't know which one to get . The two foot , or the four foot . I am leaning toward the four foot . For the price , I ca n't go wrong . Anyone else have a hard time in selecting which one to get ?
 This growlight is great ! It works very well for many types of seed . The stand is very sturdy , light is strong , and will last a long time ! If you need to do indoor germination , this is a good light for it ! Also good for adult plants if they do n't grow too tall .
 This complete set of grow light is so helpful and ready to use right out of the box with a little effort in installing it , just need a Philip screwdriver and it 's up ! Putting on a 72 cell jiffy grow box with 7 '' clear plastic bio dome , using root riot refill plugs as growing media , a dozen set of my cuttings grow and rooted healthily . Very nice , neat and clean and I did it all inside my bedroom , right by my bedside , turning off the light when I sleep and on when I away to work during day times ! Pretty cool ...
 I wished I had purchased this years ago . We had a long winter in NE Ohio and I needed something to keep my seedlings going . I set this up in my back bedroom inside a 3 tier greenhouse which I purchased simultaneously . I chose not to use the stand , I affixed the light using monofilament line to the top bar of the greenhouse . It 's versatile and a perfect system in a pinch ! I probably will use the 2ft stand at some point . My tomato seedlings are now hardening outside and I use it to rehab my indoor plants . ''
 I chose this grow light system in order to jump start my seedlings for a home garden of vegetables , fruits , herbs , and flowers . It was well worth the money . The system is easy to set up and everything functioned well . There was plenty of light to encourage my seeds to germinate and the light could be raised and lowered as the plants grew . I used a regular lamp timer in order to turn the light on around 6 a.m. and turn it off around 7 p.m. each day . I supplemented the lights with a heating pad placed under the tray of seeds because I was growing them in my basement office , which gets very cool at night . The entire system did its job . I was able to give my plants a nice headstart and they are now in the ground and doing well . I plan to use this system in order to grow herbs during the winter .
 Shipped quickly , easy to put together . I also like that the height of the light is adjustable and there is definitely enough light to start your seedlings . I 've had the set up a month and so far so good .
 This little contraption has made all the difference in how my seedlings have taken off . For the price , it is perfect for my needs . It even brought back to life a basil plant that I pulled out of the garden last fall and was on its last leg . I highly recommend it for the home gardener .
 The grow light works like it is supposed to . I thought it was a little expensive for only one light bulb , but so far the plants are growing just like Hydrofarm promised .
 I selected this model because it was inexpensive and had a stand . Stand went together easily and is reasonably sturdy . Beware that there is only one bulb in this set up . When plants are small and light is close to the work surface it wo n't adequately light very many plants . I started out with a 72 cell kit which fits perfectly under the stand set up . However , with only one bulb it only adequately lit about 3 cells wide -LRB- rather than the 6 wide in the planter -RRB- . I wish that I 'd thought about getting a 2 bulb set-up . But then I would have been spending more money . Sigh .
 It was just the perfect size , at a very good price , to aid my seeds in germinating . We got tinted windows last year and it was just enough to stop germination , the light more than made up for it on the second planting . More seeds germinated and the pepper plants grew bigger faster . Excellent value for the money .
 I was already composing a negative review based on the results of my assembly of theHydrofarm JSV2 2-Foot Jump Start T5 Grow Light Systemthis afternoon . As I was thinking about how to describe the end result I was suddenly struck by the thought `` wait a minute , maybe that should have been turned the other way . '' I suspected I had joined the feet and the upright supports incorrectly and , when I read the instructions more carefully , I was chagrined to discover that I had put the feet on upside-down . Once I stopped kicking myself I turned them over and found they worked * much * better the correct way -LRB- open side down -RRB- . : - DAssembled correctly , the grow light is solidly constructed and rock steady . There is a slight tendency for the feet to turn slightly in the horizontal plane but not enough to affect the stability or appearance of the structure . I 'm anxious to get my veggie seeds started and expect to have many years of service from this grow light system . It 's always a shot in the dark to buy something online but I do n't think anyone would be disappointed with this product .
 This tool fulfilled my expectations . I used it to drag 6 yards of concrete into a footing form . No problems .
 A fitting product worthy of the World Champions . Proudly on display at my house .
 One you get it put together , It is a good house . A bit of patience is required to get there however ...
 We bought two took my husband a couple hours to put together now hoping the Martins -LRB- birds -RRB- love it as much as we do . I love the way they look in my yard
 This is my third Heath Martin House ... not because they did n't hold up , but because they are so good and the Martin 's love them . My first one is ten years old and with the exception of losing its roof cap in the wind and a couple of perches , it 's as good as the day I bought it . They are a bit of a challenge to assemble but anyone with entry level handyman skills and moderate dexterity should be able to pull it off in about 40 minutes per unit . Be sure to have all the tools handy , layout and count the parts . some of the edges can be a little sharp so be careful . This product has been precision cut and drilled so I found that I had to make no alterations or widen any holes . When I was tempted to do so , I soon learned that I had something backwards or misaligned . Be patient in assembly . These mount high and have a fair amount of wind-age . I would suggest ordering the heavier mounting pole .
 Put it together while watching a movie . It seems to be solid enough but will be adding epoxy where the plastic rails snap in . The reviewer who likened it to a Erector set was spot on . It was actually fun , but watch out for some sharp edges .
 THIS IS THE SECOND HOUSE I HAVE PURCHASED . A LITTLE HARD TO PUT TOGETHER BUT FUN ... ONE NEGATIVE , THE PLASTIC LEGS THAT ARE ON THE FLOOR WILL EVENTUALLY GET WORN . . I SAND DOWN THE PART THAT GOES THROUGH THE HOLE , DRILL A SMALL HOLE THEN PUT A SCREW AND WASHER TO HOLD IT TO THE FLOOR . WORKS GREAT AND I DO NOT HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT THE STEPS FALLING OUT IN THE MIDDLE OF THE SEASON . ADDITIONALLY I DRILL A HOLE THROUGH THE MOUNTING POLE AT THE TOP WHERE THE CAP IS . THE PLACE AT 3 FOOT ROD THROUGH IT , THEN PUT THE CAP ON . THE BIRDS LOVE IT . LEAVES ABOUT A 1/4 INCH GAP FROM THE ROOF OF THE HOUSE AND THE CAP ... ALSO I PLACE ONE OF THOSE SCREW TYPE HOSE CONNECTORS AROUND THE POLE WHERE THE BOTTOM OF THE LOWER HOUSE SETS NEXT TO THE SET SCREW . ONE LAST THING I MARK EVERYTHING WITH SHARPIE SO WHEN I TAKE IT APART IT 'S EASY TO SET UP AFTER CLEANING ETC. .
 Easy to put together , sturdy , love it . Good material and seem to be able to hold up well with our winters .
 Instructions for multilevel should be separate from single level . Some difficulty in attaching small nuts and bolts in such cramped areas . Would have paid more for an assembled product , after the fact .
 LOVE THE MARTIN BIRD HOUSEIT WAS A LITTLE HARD TO PUT TOGETHER SO WE RATED 4 STARSIT LOOKS GREAT IN THE ROSE GARDENBEST PRICE WE COULD FINDTHANKS
 This little unit is just great for the beginner ! It 's very true that some of the pieces are sharp and one should be very careful while assembling . I did n't find it nearly as hard to construct as some have indicated on this review page . You just have to be patient ! I would highly recommend that you read the instructions all the way through before you start this project as some of the steps are a little misleading , -LRB- I would have saved myself a little time and trouble if I had read the entire assembly instructions BEFORE I had started !! -RRB- All in all this house is pretty sturdy when completed and looks great along my back fence . Appears as though the price has risen considerably since I purchased mine a couple of months ago -LRB- $ 29.99 w/free shipping from Amazon -RRB- .
 This was everything they advetised it to be . It does take some time to put togather but it is well worth it . It is well built , very good materials , solid .
 well , like everybody says , there is a lot of parts , it does have sharp edges , so be careful handling parts , it really is not that bad to put together , just sit down relax take your time.watch a program on tv or listen to the radio , it will take about 2/12 to 3 hours , taking your time , finished product looks great , putting one together again would be a piece of cake , i would buy another one no problem , hardest thing to put on was the roof , TAKE YOUR TIME !
 I got my dad this same house from Sears about 20 years ago or more . He never had much luck attracting martins but he does n't live hea water and it was mounted only about 10 ft high . When I discovered that he 'd taken it down I asked if I could have it . We live on a lake and I set it up about 15 ft high right on the lake shore . We 've had occupants every year since . The house feels lightweight but it is still in great shape after all these years . I think the light weight is good because with the nests and birds inside that is more weight and the box sways a little in a heavy wind .
 This appears to be the same house as sold by Sears over 30 years ago . Had it with me while in the air force . Very popular with Martins . Enjoyed their company and melodious chatter for many years while stationed from Florida to North Dakota . For best results you should live within a half mile or so of a body of water and have a fairly open yard . Assembly is a piece of cake . -LRB- ever put together an steel storage shed ? -RRB- Good quality . Light weight . Cool for the birds . This hobby is not set up and forget . Like a home aquarium , you have to learn to maintain it properly , treat your quests with love and respect and they 'll come back year after year . Interesting , they do seem to enjoy your company just as much as you do theirs . Highly recommended .
 I felt compelled to write this review after reading all the negative comments about this Martin house using `` hundreds '' of bolts , and of the poor husbands who had to drill new holes because they were n't aligned right from the factory . Here are the facts : The AH-12D uses exactly 66 nuts/bolts for the entire house , plus one screw for the cupola , and one bolt for each pole flange anchor . Whoever said the unit uses `` hundreds '' of bolts is full of it.Of the three houses we purchased , there were exactly ZERO holes misaligned . I think those who complained of this did not follow the basic rule of assembly which is to only finger-tighten the bolts until each sub-assembly is complete -LRB- it even says this in the instructions -RRB- . This allows the pieces to move around slightly so all the holes can be easily aligned.If you are someone with little patience , or if you are not good with a wrench and a screwdriver , then steer clear of this unit . On the other hand , if you are someone who has a little mechanical ability and common sense , and you can read a diagram and follow instructions , then you will have no problem putting this house together.My daughter assembled two houses without any help , and they turned out perfectly . I assembled one in about two hours with similar results . They are quite sturdy and should last a long time .
 This is the second one I have purchased . The first one lasted well over 20 years . This one was as difficult to assemble as the first one , and can only be described as tricky , if not just plain miserable . But , for the price , it is worth the hassel . Heath should read the latest books on Martins and modify the design to connect two compartments and block off every other entrance . Drilling 2in dia . holes in thin aluminum to connect the compartments is fussy.Heath Outdoor Products AH-12D Martin House Aluminum
 HELL OF LOTA WORK TO PUT IT TO GETHER NILLION PARTS FOR PRICE SHOULD BE ASSEMBLED ALLREDY
 I bought this mower for our house over a month ago . It 's been used 5 times since then -LRB- once by my wife -RRB- . Set-up out of the box was simple , it was ready to go , the toughest part was attaching the pull cord to the ring that holds it in place . A pair of pliers made quick work of that.Once I added the gas and oil , it started on the second or third pull . Our lawn is less than a quarter acre with a slight incline but plenty of trees and fences to maneuver around . My wife and I have had no problems with missing any spots because we could n't get the mower into tight quarters.Possibly my favorite feature is how simple it is to put the bag on and take it off . The bar that forms the opening slides onto a little ledge . There 's nothing to hold open and the bag fits through the opening of the handle bar , even when full.I changed the oil after the second use as per the instructions and that went smoothly as well . I have n't fussed with the air filter or spark plug yet , but they seem to be pretty straight forward.I grew up with my father 's Lawn Boy and it worked fine for him for at least 10 years . I would be in heaven is this one also lasted that long .
 Purchased this mower 3 weeks ago , ordered it on monday , arrived on wednesday , VERY FAST ! Started on the 1st pull after I added gas/oil . Always had Snappers in the past , it was time for a new one . First NEW mower I 've bought in 30 years ! Quite happy with it so far . Only feature I wish it had was an adjustable throttle control , but seems it 's not necessary as I always run it on full throttle anyway . I would recommend the mower for anyone looking for a good reliable at a reasonable price and comes with a 2 year warranty . I especially like the semi-pneumatic tires , padded grip and ease of starting . Also , I wish the bag were as big as the one on the Snapper , but for less than 1/2 the price I really can not complain and the shipping was free !
 This mower is one of the best mowers I 've used . It replaced one of those Home Depot $ 100 side discharge mowers . Light year 's ahead of that one . Usually starts on 1 or 2 pulls of the cord . YOu can side discharge , bag or mulch . I mostly use the mulch . No bagging and my lawn looks better for it .
 Good mower . However it is extremely heavy for a push mower .
 I ca n't figure out why I wasted my time trying to fix the old junker , I do n't know why I trawled craigslist looking for second hand mowers and I do n't know why I thought I would luck out on a good bargain Mower -LRB- you know the brands -RRB- . Eventually after touring 3 Box stores I went to professional Mower shop to ask for advise - they steered me in direstion of the Lawn Boy as good value for money and worth the premium over lesser mowers.I am so glad I took their advise cos I love this mower , and I venture you will too if - you want a great looking lawn , great mower design , easy handling , and the option to repair vs replace.I 'm kinda nuts about my lawn . With my last mower I had to cut the grass twice - in opposite directions - to get the even cut I wanted ... not anymore.Plus , because of the LB 's wide wheels , I do n't get the `` wheel ridges '' you get next day or day after when a heavy mower / narrow wheels / and damp grass conspire to fold the grass over while mowing , etc.Plus , In this category all the other grass bags are smaller than the LB 's so I can pick up more ... but also , the LB has a design that the bag really fills the bag ... unlike last mower which did have big bag but only filled 50 % before dropping.Plus I love the design , from the Starting pull , to the EZ off bag , to the EZ set wheels - The machine is a dream to operate.Plus , the tank of gas lasts forever ... Ok , I made this one up , but you should seriously consider this mower.Paddieman
 This is probably a pretty good mower . I bought it on sale because my 18 year old Lawn Boy began acting up . This one has started the first try every time.But , this is really just a Toro mower with green paint and a Lawn Boy sticker . Toro bought out Lawn Boy several years ago , and the transformation is now complete . Gone are the old two cycle Lawn Boy engines . Now you can have a Tecumseh or a Honda engine , same as on a Toro , and I doubt either one will last as long as my old 2 cycle Lawn Boy .
 I bought a used LB 10684 . A neighbor broke the aluminum deck on my old LB . Had it for 25 years . Now I wo n't have to replace plugs , mix oil . But it was great , light.I had to replace the carb -LRB- could have rebuilt -RRB- aftr 18 years . Hope this one holds up as well ...
 The Lawn-Boy Insight mower is outstanding . Quiet , efficent and a pleasure to use ... when you 've got to mow a lawn . It it easy to push around . I still have to put my Doberman dog up though ... he insists in trying to pull the wheels off when it is operating ... not an acceptable activity . I would recommend this product .
 I wish I had known about this product years ago ! I have a big driveway with a big eucalyptus tree over it that seems to drop leaves all year round -LRB- I 'm in S. Cal -RRB- . I 've been either sweeping or vacuuming constantly , and eucalyptus leaves have a way of `` sticking '' to the ground . This sweeper picks everything up effortlessly . I now have a clean driveway all the time , I almost hope for leaves just so I can push it around . Plus , my kids like to do it , too.Pros : - Effective at picking up otherwise hard to pick up leaves-Effective at picking up various debris-Not so hard to clean-Not so hard to push-Environmentally friendly-Good value for the price-Good exercise!Cons : - Not good at sweeping up mounds of leaves and debris-Sticks and long pine needles get stuck in various parts -LRB- not hard to remove , though -RRB- - Leaves a thin line of fine dirt it ca n't pick up each time -LRB- you can make a couple of passes to get it , though -RRB- It does take some experimenting to figure out the best height and walking speed for the surface you are on , but once you figure it out , it works fine . Despite the product claims , do n't expect to pick up big objects or plow through big mounds of leaves or dirt and expect it work well . It is NOT a vacuum cleaner . At first , I was a little dismayed in that it feels too light , i.e. , a little cheap , but I got over it . I am also concerned how long the brushes will last , but I hope I can buy replacements.Overall , one of the best outdoor maintenance products I have bought in a long time . It makes it so much easier to always have a clean driveway and patio . Highly recommended .
 you cant go wrong with this sweeper it cost way less $ $ $ than others but last 4x longer . .
 I purchased the SpinSweep two years ago from Amazon and wore it out and now have ordered my 2nd Pro from Amazon again . Arrived very quickly and in perfect condition . Open the package and used it right away sweeping acorns on my driveway . Fastest way to clean your driveway and sidewalks from acorns , leaves , dirt , grass clippings etc.Cmunn - Florida .
 MY WIFE LOVE IT SHE CAN SWEEP AND WORKOUT AT THE SEEM TIME AND IT PICK UP EVER THING WE HAVE A BIG DRIVEWAY AND POOL IN BACK CUT THE TIME IN 1/2 IT WAS TAKEING A + THANKS THE WILSON
 I bought this item as a gift for someone who was impressed by the convenience of this sweeper . I believe the sweeper is in use daily , and has fulfilled all expectations . The process of purchasing the sweeper through Amazon was quite simple , and the item was delivered fast .
 it does everything as it advertised . make my outdoor cleaning day much more fun and easy .
 This item is an impoved version of a sweeper called Clean Boy . I paid over 200 bucks for one . This is basicly the same thing , but well impoved for way less than half the price . I use it for cleaning the driveway , around the pool and the curb . It works very well , just dont excpect it to do anything unreasonable . Stores easy also , you can hang it up by the handle and the main unit will go flat againts the wall . sorry my reviews arent the best . . but I can tell you this item was worth it ...
 Although I was skeptical about buying the sweeper I decided to go for it & I 'm glad I did.I got it for cleaning my horse barn aisle and it 's AWESOME!It does what the company claims.My barn looks like it 's been vacuumed ! The aisle is 12 ' W x 72 ' L concrete with a row of 4 ` x6 ` rubber mats down the center & we have a smaller concrete aisle that goes from the barn to the indoor riding arena . I like my barn CLEAN so it 's gets swept many times a day which is very time consuming & dusty - if you have a horse business you can relate.The sweeper picks up just about everything I need it to including the footing that 's tracked back into the barn from the arena . I really like the fact that instead of dust being stirred up by hand sweeping it is for the most part picked up by the SpinSweep!It has a simple adjustment knob for different surface types , it edges really well , is very light weight & can be hung up out of the way.I still have to hand sweep under the stall doors but I now I just sweep it into the aisle and use the SpinSweep . I highly recommend this for any large barn owner.It 's easy to use & it 's cut my cleaning time way way down!Great for the driveway & walkways too .
 When I first saw this sweeper , I did not think that it would work . I was wrong , it actually works pretty good . Esp . the sweeper does a good job up around the edges and in corners . It does better with picking up large objects , like soda cans or mulch that has found it 's way out of the garden to the patio . It does not replace the blower , but works together with it to get the job done . It must be easy to use , because my 7 year old son loves to push it around . It gives him a job to do when we are out working on the yard . The best part is that it is easy to empty . I use the blower to round up as much as I can , then I use the sweeper to pick up the pile , and the bigger stuff the blower can not move . I give it four stars because it does not pick up quite as good as a hand broom , but its a whole lot faster and easier . I am not sure if I have a pro model , so maybe this one works even better than the one I have .
 I , too , need to admit I love this thing . I buy too many gadgets - but this really works . We have an incline , rough pavement drive way that gets full of these prickly leaves from our neighbor 's very strange tree . Sweeping & pick of the debris is difficult with a broom and dustpan . In addition , I have a baby ... I can actually clean our yard with this thing while holding her in about 10 min . It used to take about 30 - 40 minutes with a lot of hard sweeping .
 If you like a clean driveway after mowing the lawn , but hate the work of sweeping or the noise of a blower , this is the perfect tool . It 's assembles in a flash and stores flat against the wall . It gets right up to the edge of the drive , sidewalk or garage wall . Emptying it after cleaning is easy too . Save your back and do n't annoy your neighbors . I 've only had this 2 days and already my neighbor came over to check it out and said he wants to get one for himself .
 Ok , I was a bit skeptical in reading the claims from the manufacturer , but now that I have a SpinSweep Pro , I have to say it rocks ! I run a kennel , with large cement yards , and gravel areas , with LOTS of trees . I spend hours sweeping up leaves , dog hair , bits of shredded dog toys , etc. and can think of better things to do with my time . No , it does n't work on the gravel , since it 's so powerful , it sweeps the gravel right up , but it 's more than halved my time that I spent sweeping the cement areas . Not only that , but it does n't leave stuff behind the way most brooms do . What a pleasure to find a tool that actually works as advertised .
 I Bought this , 5/2/06-Love it !! it really works-Just follow the directions and do n't leave it on the brushs when not using . Picks up sand , gravel etc. . A REAL TIME SAVER !!!!
 We received the sweeper about the time we had a wind/rain/hail storm . The yard , our 16 ft. X 60 ft. driveway and the sidewalk in front of our 70 ft. lot were covered with branches and leaves blown down by the 60 + mph wind , along with 3 bushels of crabapples from a crab tree next to the driveway and a zillion helicopters launched by a maple tree in the parkway . My wife , who does our heavy lifting because I 'm disabled , waited until the mess had dried up and then took a lawn rake and gathered up the big stuff . Then she took the sweeper and went to work . It did n't take her a half-hour to have the drive and walk completely clean , apples and all , with no strain . She was ecstatic , because she used to have to use a heavy pushbroom and dust pan , which was n't an easy job . If you read Hoover 's instructions explaining what it will do , and do n't try to pick up large branches or wet debris it will do a great job for you . They say something about picking up cans and bottles , but that is n't important to us because we have a rule around our house not to throw those things out in the yard .
 The world 's most effective dust pan!Super lightweight and very effective.What it wo n't do ... it does n't like `` green '' things , like clippings from shrubs , grass , etc. . But it does like them when they 're dry.Emptying is so simple as the unit is lightweight . If you get fine debris in your unit -- outside of the bin -- just upend it over the trash bag -- it 's that lightweight!I have a huge , long asphalt driveway and brick walk -- cleaned both in a snap -- and they needed it . If occassional sticks wo n't pick up , it will sort of push them into a pile , easily picked up with your hands to toss in the bag.Didn ' t buy here as I found it cheaper -LRB- by a lot -RRB- on BestBuys website -- even with shipping , it was less . Would buy it again in a heartbeat -- wish I 'd had it all summer . Looking forward to it helping me with the leaves .
 If you are tired of sweeping grass trimmings with a broom , the time it takes bringing out the bin to put the clippings in , get this hoover and push it up and back your done . Empty it , put it away , and watch your neighbors still sweeping away . Good for the light stuff grass , small leaves , etc. .
 The SwinSweep Pro is not designed for fine dust applications so do n't expect this to sweep to perfection . I was looking for something that easily picked up dried leaves around the garage and driveway -LRB- relatively even surfaces with a moderate gradient -RRB- . It does a great job for a domestic sweeper at a fantastic price point . I looked into commercial-grade sweepers like the Haaga 255 and they cost more than 10 times the SpinSweep Pro . A comparable unit from Karcher did n't get very good reviews so I passed on that.This Hoover sweeper is not available in Australia so I 'm taking a bit of a risk with parts and warranty but the very affordable price justified the purchase . It appears to be well-designed and solidly built so I 'm hoping it would last a good few years at the very least . I like the ease of use , the adjustable handle length and the ability to store upright or hung on a hook .
 This sweeper is built well and has a fairly large receptacle for debris . It folds flat for convenient storage , as stated , and it is surprisingly lightweight . Overall , it picks up grass clippings , small twigs , dirt and most leaves quite well . I like this product , but I am not thrilled by it in the same way that some buyers have written in their reviews . It is a useful tool to accomplish some tasks that involve sweeping areas that have reasonably flat and even surfaces . When I use it to sweep my driveway , sidewalk and curb after cutting , edging and trimming the front lawn , it accomplishes the task in less time than it would take with a push broom and the results are acceptable .
 I use the sweeper on a rough textured patio survace and it does a fairly good job picking up Oak leaves . The only difficulty I have is working around some of the outdoor furniture . Also , do n't store it standing up on the brushes .
 Purchased about a month ago and it works great outdooors . We have a large parking lot at the business and it picks up debris and small stones kicked out of stone beds with ease . For the price , it pays for itself in labor after 1 week becuase of the time spent sweeping with a broom .
 I am the Director of Restoration for a small non-profit , Back to Natives Restoration , that does native plant landscape design , and contracting for installation and maintenance of those landscapes to help raise funds for our mission of habitat restoration and environmental education . We try to be environmentally conscious in all aspects of our work and were looking for something that would assist us in reducing time spent sweeping at job sites while avoiding the leaf blower route . The SpinSweep works as a fantastic alternative to leaf blowers ! If very little time we are able to sweep a 1500 foot trail through a 1/4 acre site where standard push brooms would take two to three hours to clear the same trail , two of these can accomplish it in under an hour . Thank you Hoover ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Easy to handle . No electric cords . No gas to use . No noise . Quiet . Iwould and already recommended to friends and neighbours .
 I was looking for an easy cleanup to a large concrete patio area . Does a terrific job picking up small twigs , acorns and leaves . Very impressed with such a simple machine ... and green too ! I would n't however consider it a commercial unit ... certainly justifies residential status .
 This was just what I wanted & needed . Does the job as required ? With the postage it was still cheaper then I could buy it in Australia & it took no time in being posted & received here in Australia . In Northern NSW we have a lot of leaf in Autum & a lot of storms in summer & this sweeper has been picking every thing up . Does a good job .
 I have several issues with my back that interfere with using brooms and dust pans , leaf grabbers , etc. . I feed birds near my patio and seed is forever getting scattered around . Also there are many trees nearby and in the fall everybody else 's leaves blow onto the patio and my drive and front porch . I got this outdoor sweeper in the hopes it was n't too heavy to push , empty , or store . To my delight , I could easily handle the sweeper . And even better , it worked ! The bird seed came right up and the few pre-autumn leaves were quickly removed . I can easily move it and store it , on the patio now , in the garage next winter . I was a doubter , but now I 'm sold on this Hoover product !
 I 've used this on my driveway and even on the street in front of my house . It easily picks up rocks , leaves , sticks , etc.Really great product .
 I own one of this product and sent one to my son-in-law . I really like ours . It 's not perfect , but it makes a dusty , messy , pollen/allergen laden job much less so . I rate it at least 4 stars for its simplicity of action , its lightness and maneuverability . Our patio is a great deal easier to maintain and our daughter tells us that her husband finds it quite a nifty thing for cleaning their walk of tree droppings and mowed grass . I think is is well worth owning if one has any large expanse of pavement to clean.It does it quickly and with little physical effort . Not too heavy for my wife to use either . Actually I rate it 4 + + + stars . Rarely is anything 5 stars with me .
 our driveway is under a large pine tree that drops tiny pods that will stain if left there . with the sweeper i run it around on the way out to get the paper in the am.love it
 Looked around for a bit to find something to replace by re-chargable and very noisy floor sweeper . great for concrete hallways . quiet , easy to carry and empty . have already recommended it to others ! Price is great , too !
 Easy to assemble , even though I put the handle on backwards the first time with v shape down , not up due to no picture in the instructions . I have a Chinese elm . It drops 1-inch leaves and half-inch round seeds this time of year . I had half a tree of droppings in my long driveway when I first used the sweeper . The catch bin is not large and really only fills half way before it needs to be emptied . Many of the leaves/seeds were damp from weeks of rain and freeze . I used the angled front end to pile up the debris to make it easier to pick up with big shovel-dust pan . The instructgions state it is not for wet debris , but it worked well on my damp leaves/seeds . I can bend , but I can not sweep side to side with a regular broom . This one solves my hip problem . I noticed it can also be used easily with one hand , including emptying the catch bin.The next week this sweeper was a breeze to use on the driveway , sidewalks , and patio . I learned by accident that if I tip the sweeper back and let the handle clip in as it does for hanging , then it is very easy to open the catch bin to empty wit out part of the debris falling out . This is n't in the directions . I wish I 'd had this accident the first day.The sweeper works on flat surfaces . It also worked on the street concrete gutters at asphalt road edge . It wo n't work well on gravel drives and instructions specifically state that it is not intended for the yard/grassy areas . I tried it . The wheels wo n't turn the sweepers . It works well along walls and steps with the oversized brushes and plastic bumper guards . It only missed the inside corners.I do n't know how well it would work for a lot of big leaves . It worked okay on the occasional hand-sized sycamore leaf , but I pushed the sweeper forward and backward to make sure it went into the bin . The leaves were dry so it broke them a bit to ease it into the bin . It is perfect for the garage floor dirt , little gravel debris , and especially for the Chinese elm debris . I love it and am so glad I have it.The only negative issue is that the handle is designed to move , but this action loosens the hand-nuts . I have not determined any way to have some tension without them loosening . I just bend over and screw them back in often as needed .
 I can not say enough good things about my sweeper . It has become my best outside yard and drive way buddy . At first I thought will this really do what I want it to ! Well I was surprised to find out it went beyond what I was looking for . It is the best thing for getting up leaves on the patio and driveway you will find . Use your blower to round up the leaves and grab the sweeper to finish off the job . I will not be with out one.Wayne
 We have a pool with concrete all around the outside . There are also a lot of trees behind our pool . So everytime the wind blows or we have a storm come up , leaves and debris blow all in the area . I do n't know what I would do without the Spin Sweep . I just get it out , run it around the outside of the pool and voila , I 'm done . My sister saw me using when she was here and her exact words were , `` That thing is amazing '' . It 's works great , easy to push , does the job quick , cleans up easily , what more could you want . This is the second purchase of a Spin Sweeper for us and I hope I will always be able to find one when this one wears out .
 We use this sweeper to pick up brass at our pistol club , and it works just wonderful . No more pushing broom and takingg twenty minuets to sweep up . Pistol Director , Don
 This product works as advertised . It will pickup light debris from your patio and walkways without electricity or excessive noise . It does not work in corners , you will have to use a broom and move the dirt out of the corner . It has a simple , sturdy design . I was looking for a quick , easy way to remove leaves from my paved outdoor areas , without the noise of a vacuum or blower . I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 This Product cuts my yard time down and I do n't have to use a broom or a blower . Would recomend it to anyone that does there own yard work.Hoover L1405 SpinSweep Pro Outdoor Sweeper
 We really love this outdoor sweeper . It worked better than I had expected ! I was so surprised how clean our driveway looked after using it . You do n't realize all the pieces of dirt and little pebbles that are all over . I give it 5 stars . Everyone who saw it could n't understand that it uses no power ... You just push it and it works . It 's nice to have no cords or gas to worry about!It 's very green and keeps your property looking great !
 Great machine for sweeping driveway of leaves , twigs , small items such as acorns , etc. . Dual brushes direct litter to center for depositing in the large `` basket . ''
 Between the 200 year old oak trees and two pecan trees , this product is great ! Does the job in half the time and our driveway has never looked so neat . This is my second purchase -LRB- I wore the other one out in about 4 years -RRB- . I did n't give it 5 stars because even on the highest setting , you still have to use the old broom and dust pan to pick up a layer of leaves when there are too many on the ground -LRB- it also picks up sand and dirt which helps in drought starved Texas -RRB-
 I purchase two of these for each construction project I do -LRB- multifamily residential -RRB- . I only need one laborer to do the clean up job of two thanks to this contraption . It is fast , easy , and adjustable . It does not , however , do too well in corners and is not good if dust control is an issue . It will , however , save you a ton of clean up money ... or you could just push the cost back on the subcontractors who messed your project up in the first place ! Either way , you 'll have a clean site .
 I ended up buying 3 of these SpingSweeps . My company has a large sewing department . everyday at around 3:15 pm , the department stops production and starts clean-up to go home . Clean-up includes using high preasure air hoses to blow scrap from under sewing tables into the main ailes then sweeping it up into lager piles and picking it up with a dust pan . when you multiply that times 27 people , that is a lot of bending and scooping up debris . when we got our first spin sweep , they still had to blow all of the scrap material into the main ailes , but it cut the clean up time in half . i have never seen a trial product go over so well . i was immediatly asked to buy two more . clean up now takes about half the time and effort than it did before and the sewing area never looked better . this thing picks up everything . Major Props to Hoover .
 Honestly , I had n't expected it to do as much as they said on the box . Especially when I pulled it out of the box and took a look at the brushes . They looked a little undersized to me , but then I used it and I was blown away ! The spinsweep pro is amazing ! This marvel will pick up almost anything that will fit in it 's mouth . Granted when there is a huge pile of dust and dirt it wo n't get the whole pile in one pass , but it will get 90 % of it . Then all you have to do is turn around and get the rest . I 'm guessing that this little beauty will save me about an hours worth of sweeping time per use , and in my eyes that makes it worth every penny . I highly recommend this item to anyone that has a large area to clean and wants to save time and electricity .
 After reading the reviews , my expectations were really high . But the sweeper does an extremely reasonable job . I use it to clean the driveway after using the mulcher/mower . But I ca n't justify the cost and the sweeper is overpriced . This will probably the most expensive broom I 'll ever have . But it works .
 I bought this product through an infomercial . I payed over $ 150 dollars for it . I bought because the tree in front of my house in the street , dropped a lot of little leaves through out the year . I got tired of sweeping them , so now I use the sweeper and the job looks like a professional street sweeper came by and did it . My neighbors are envious of me . I have so much fun sweeping the leaves that I do the neighbors side too !! I totally recommend this Item . The cons are that when it gets full it does it gets sloppy and it does not clean as well . So I empty it often and then it does a great job . It does leave a streak but then I go over it and it picks it up . I do n't recommend it when leaves are wet ! It gets messy . I have had mine for five years and it still works . I will definetly buy another one . Now they are cheaper !
 This sweeper has to be the coolest thing ever ! It makes the arduous task of driveway and walkway maintenance painless and quick . It is really great around the pool because it does not throw things in . The only thing it does n't like is uneven surfaces . I could see it not being the best on a wooden deck or flagstone path . It works mechanically , like a push mower so without the wheels turning the brushes do n't go and it does n't sweep . It 's perfect on concrete walkways , sidewalks driveways and Cooldeck .
 I purchased one of these last week through Amazon.com . It is good for flat surfaces such as my long patio and driveway . My neighbor saw it and loved it too ! We share a huge maple tree which we love but it is a pain to keep up with the debris in the spring and fall . This tool will save hours of sweeping and bending so I 'm buying one for my neighbor also . Great invention !
 Works Beautifully . We have the older model and it was worn out . We use it around the pool area and in the fall we have lots of leaves so this was the answer . Looked at several internet sites and this was by far the cheapest . Highly recommend
 Good price , sweeper works pretty well for cleaning aoroun our pool deck . Better than a broom . Plus quick shipping . What more can I ask for ?
 We have tons of acorns and other nut remnants left by squirrels from mid summer through the fall . I really wanted some sort of vacuum for the patio . Ideally , I did n't want to mess with a cord or disturb my neighbors with the noise . I wanted something fast and easy.This thing is great . Does a great job with nuts , small sticks , leaves , even dirt . I also use it to clean-up the sidewalk and driveway after cutting the grass , although this does take a few passes to get fairly clean.For the relatively low price , I was n't sure what to expect , but have been very pleasantly surprised .
 I am very happy with this product . It makes for a fast and painless clean up around the pool deck and on the driveway and sidewalks . It takes a few passes to get everything , but it is much easier on my back compared to sweeping ! I am surprised that it will pick up all the little twigs and sticks that fall from my trees . It is easy to dump out the fill container and get right back to work and it is great that it can hang flat on the wall !
 We bought the original one of these over 10 years ago from a catalog company at a much higher price and really enjoyed using it to keep the sidewalks around our apartment building clean -LRB- we had a large corner building with a lot of sidewalk area -RRB- for ourselves and our tenants . We followed the tradition of house-proud European store-owners who sweep and hose down their storefronts to build their business . We moved from that building and lost our sweeper , and had to order a new one . So we found one on Amazon.com at a CHEAPER PRICE , and are thrilled to be able to maintain our new property the way we did the former property ! The sweeper is lightweight , does a good , fast job of sweeping up debris , and the waste bin is easy to remove and empty . The sweeper folds up easily to save space , and we keep it hanging up on the garage wall . WE JUST LOVE THIS SWEEPER !
 This sweeper worked great for our parking lot needs and has been used extensively where I do n't want noise and still need to clean the lot . There 's no dust , picks up everything including small leaves and is easy to maneuver . Great product for a great price .
 I normally use a mulching blower/vac for the yards , but this sweeper is a quick and easy solution when I want to do a quick clean-up without hauling out a really long electric cord and the blower . Additionally my blower wo n't pick up cans , paper , and should n't pick up stones or mulch unless I want to break it.At 21 '' wide I use this like I would a mower except it does n't need a power source or gasoline . It can be used on the driveway , walkways , sidewalks , around the pool , on the porch ------- any place that has a hard , flat surface that is n't covered with dirt or sod or sand.I most frequently use this after the lawn is mowed or edged or when leaves pile up by the pool area . It replaces using a broom and is way easier . It contains a refuse receptacle that is easy to remove . Normally it is large enough to hold everything so it only needs to be emptied once , but sometimes when there is a lot of clippings , etc. . I may need to empty it more frequently.The SpinSweep is compact when not in use . It folds up and I hang it it the gardening shed when not in use.If you need something to pick up yard waste around the paved areas of your home , this is a nice appliance to have as it is easy to maneuver and does a decent job quickly .
 I love this sweeper . It 's the second one I 've bought . The first one lasted at least 6 + years . It 's the best tool . I use it to sweep around the pool , driveway , sidewalks , front porch and the curb . Goodbye brooms and dust pans . This is so worth the money and such a time saver . I will always have one of these at my home . Try one ... you 'll love it .
 We have many eucalyptus trees on our property , and an associated leaf shedding problem . This item has proven to be a great tool to pick up these leaves , and assorted small debris . While the unit has functioned quite well , the material it is constructed of seems borderline in strength , and if you are not careful , when unloading the hopper , you could find yourself with broken parts in hand . Also , a slightly larger hopper would be well received . All in all , however , it is a good product which we would repurchase .
 This outdoor sweeper is a great find for anyone with a large outdoor patio pool deck.It 's totally manual but not hard to push . It picks up the debris , so you do n't have to.worth every penny .
 I WAS SKEPTICAL ABOUT HOW WELL THIS PRODUCT WOULD WORK , BUT I HAVE TO SAY IT PROVED ME WRONG . IT CLEANS UP ALMOST ANYTHING I PLACE IN FRONT OF IT , DRY OR WET . GREAT PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I never saw the infomercial so I ca n't say whether this sweeper does all that is advertised . But - what it does do is GREAT . I have a very large -LRB- 500 + sq ft -RRB- patio of brick pavers . It is fairly level but definitely not `` smooth '' . I also live on wooded acres . Thus my patio is always littered with debris . Sweeping is a real chore - I was using a wide broom and a big pan . So it does n't get done very often ! The spin sweep works very well . In fact I just got it two days ago and tried it today . I waited until the patio was dry . I do n't expect this to do well when wet - heck my broom does n't do a terrific job when all is wet . It is easy to push , the bin is large and easy to empty and what does n't come up on the first pass usually will on the second . This does n't scour the bricks - but then it is outside and some dirt is n't a problem . It does pick up leaves , small twigs , and those squiggly things that come off of the trees as well as pine needles . It also picks up quite a bit of sand and dirt as well . I spin swept my patio in about 15 minutes without giving myself a back and arm ache . I ca n't comment on how it will hold up . The `` arms '' are light weight - but I think as long as you do n't abuse it it will hold up fine .
 This is the second Spin Sweep I have purchased for use at our vineyard in the Finger Lakes , New York - Sheldrake Point Vineyard . It has worked beautifully and easy to use . it picks up everything and shaves an hour off the work of tidying up our site . It will definitely pay for itself within a month .
 I had another Hoover outdoor sweeper that lasted for years . I used it so much that it finally quit . So , I bought this new one and it works just as well at the old one . I use this on a long sidewalk and a blacktop driveway . I also have an electric outdoor vacuum , but I use the Hoover most of the time provided all the autumn leaves are not falling at the same time . The sweeper is great for a quick cleanup without having to pull out a big electric with a 100 foot cord.If you are expecting perfection then forget it . But , if you want a device that is easy to use and helps keep your patio and sidewalk clean , then this sweeper is for you .
 Here 's the deal - I bought this sweeper hoping it would do the job on my pool deck on a daily basis . It does , but ... -LRB- 1 -RRB- you ca n't neglect the job for days and days and hope it will pick up everything . That 's not what it 's designed for . It has a small collection compartment which fills up pretty quickly . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Do n't use it when the leaves are really wet - you will be frustrated . If you keep thee 2 things in mind you will love this thing . It has solved my pool deck problem , since I use it every morning . If I 'm away for a few days I 'll need to go back to the big broom before returning to the Hoover . It is a great device , and I would n't give it up for anything .
 This is just an expensive broom , but I love it . This is my third spin sweep . They do n't last as long as I think they should , since I only use it when I cut the grass ! Unfortunately , I have become hooked on this product from the first day I bought it at the local Hoover parts store . I highly recommend this product , even if it wears out far too soon .
 I would recommend the Hoover L1405 Spin Sweeper for anyone that wants to lessen the work I am 85 years old and I clean my walk and driveway with ease . I also get my exercise walking up and down my driveway when I am cleaning up the leaves and little twigs that falls from the trees . It is the best . I recommended it to my daughter and my son/daughter-in-law , and they both bought one and they use theirs all the time . I purchased my Hoover from Amazon , and the delivery was fast . I try to use Amazon every time I purchase something . Not only are they fast in delivery but their price is right .
 We use this unit all the time especially after cutting the lawn and on leaves in the fall . After a wind stoorm it will even pick up small twigs . one suggestion you need to learn how to use the unit - it it can be pushed back and forth you do n't have to go just in a straight line . just a good unit
 This sweeper is realaly good for the purpose intended . Easy to push , picks up the big stuff off of thedriveway.Have a pretty large parking area and we drive across it with a JD Gator with cleats picking up mud frompoint A to B . This cleans off the major dirt mud with little effort .
 I have been looking for an outdoor sweeper for a couple of years ! The concept is so simple , yet really effective . Works great on the driveway and picks up the big leaves around the pool . I love it and would highly recommend it !
 My father in law got one of these sweepers a few years ago . When he was out of town I used it to clean his driveway . I was impressed by the way it picked up seed pods and small twigs and leaves which littered the driveway . I ordered one for myself since I have a large driveway , courtyard and patio . It worked so well that I ordered another one to give to my father for Father 's day !
 I bought this product from Reliable Paper and it had a missing part . They refused to remedy the problem resulting in my need to buy the part directly from Hoover . Do not rely on Reliable Paper .
 I use as a top dressing that soaks into medium , good stuff , would recommend to others . Have gotten good results .
 Excellent product . Would buy it again . It arrived on time and was not spoiled . It was new and packaged correctly and I 'd buy it again .
 product was as advertised , no problems with installation , operates as it should , enough info provided to make sure everyyhing is setup correctly .
 I bought this mover two years ago and it works great . Even when I put it up for the winter and use it the next spring it only needs one or two pulls and it starts right up but the bag could be bigger .
 I purchased this mower in March 2006 . After 1 summer of use into 2007 , the key starter appeared to work okay . Then it stopped working , and I just avoided dealing with the issue and pulled the crank case rope from then on , until now.Summer 2010 , I bought a new battery - hoping to fix my problem . It made no difference . This spring , I took it to the certified repair shop and they called to tell me - it had a bad housing of some kind . What do women know - anyway . When they quoted me with a $ 250.00 repair bill , for the new part and labor to install it - I said NO ! The mower I bought from Amazon , cost $ 472.77 with tax and shipping . So why would I replace this part - when it 's half the price of another mower ? I find this to be a badly designed part if it does n't last any longer than it did - maybe 2 summers at best?I am okay with the rest of the mower - I 'm hoping I do n't get another call from the repair guy - or I may have to run this mower -LRB- as is -RRB- until it drops and chuck it all up to experience ? But , it certainly would scar my opinion about Lawnboys in the future .
 I bought it -LRB- via Amazon -RRB- primarily for my mom who likes to cut her front lawn herself even at age ... mumble mumble . The electric start and the intuitively controlled self-propulsion system were the main selling points . I 'm used to Sears Craftsman so the Tecumseh engine feels very familiar to me . I do recommend this product but a couple of caveats.The keyswitch for the starter fell apart while it was almost new . Had to take it to a dealer for repair -LRB- no one would just exchange a new switch for the old one under warranty which is understandable I suppose . -RRB- The stupid Molex connector for the charger has had wires break off twice now . -LRB- Ever notice that when people -LSB- ... -RSB- about connectors it 's usually about a Molex ? LOL -RRB- I was disappointed that although the literature that came with it describes an optional `` high lift '' blade which is shaped for maximum upflow for those who bag rather than up and down for those who mulch and even gives the part number aparently this part was never made . That was 2 years ago ... maybe it 's been made available since then . Guess I should check again.The battery compartment ends up packed with grass and debris . It should either be sealed or if it does need ventilation do so in some other way . It 's a sealed battery but this ca n't be good for it .
 I spent a lot of time looking around for a self-propelled gas lawn mower . The chassis on my last mower rusted through , so it was deemed useless even though the engine was fine . I digress . I looked at the reviews for this mower and all that were not damaged in shipping seemed to be fully functional . I received mine practically undamaged -LRB- except for the rod for the senso-speed was disconnected -RRB- . It was easy to setup and it started up on the first crank . The electric start is amazing , no more reaching down and pulling on the cord . I assume you will have to do that if you let the battery die . I have used it a couple of times and have had no issues . It is very smooth and less noisy than my last mower . The mulching feature grinds the clippings very well and the bagging system works excellent . All-in-all I am very happy with this mower . Lawnboy is a good brand name and this mower backs that up .
 I purchased this mower after waiting a while for a reduced price during the colder seasons . At $ 200 below MSRP , it was an outstanding buy . It was shipped and then received promptly , and I could n't be happier . The only thing to be concerned with is the lack of packing that the manufacturer puts in the box . This leaves your rather expensive purchase at the mercy of the shipping carriers . Regardless , the 2 year warranty and the overall quality of the Lawnboy name is enough to have some reassurance . So far , I 'm impressed with the mowers features and performance . Only time will tell if it handles countless springs and summers .
 I never thought I 'd purchase a lawn mower on line . Knew the brand I wanted , and amazon had it for a better price than anybody - even after shipping . They sent via eagle , and that was a problem . It took several weeks - I guess the eagle had to stop for several breaks . It finally arrived , and I love the mower . It 's very easy to operate , and my lawn looks great .
 I have read the instructions and started the mower . It runsexcellent .
 So far so good . I have only used it 3 times but the experice has been great . The shipment came quickly and undamaged , all parts were there . Extremely easy set up -LRB- just roll it out of the box , add oil , hook up bag , charge battery and turn key -RRB- . It has started very time and seems to be of good overall quaility . I will need to see how it performs over the summer and whether it starts next spring . I would recommend this product .
 I purchased this product for a great price and am quite happy with the quality , however , when I received the mower , there were parts sticking out of the box and the wheels were pushed down beyond the last height adjustment notch . A close inspection and a few mows did n't show up anything . Unfortunately 3 times a charm , as the clips inside the self-propelling wheels broke off , so I need to send this in to a Lawn-Boy repair shop to get fixed , if they wo n't give me the clips to fix it myself . Otherwise I 'm quite satisfied with the purchase and would recommend the product to anyone .
 Awesome machine . The sensi-control is great . It adjusts to your walking speed . Quiet . Easy starting . Does a fantastic job cutting the grass . Easy to handle . Recommend to anyone considering a new mower . Great value .
 Ordered the Lawn-Boy 10686 at a great price of less than $ 300.00 w/free shipping . Arrived a couple of days later via UPS . As others have noted , this mower is not packaged for home shipment -- the box is too lightweight and not enough packing material in the box . Thus the box was beat-up and partially open , but everything was there and the only thing damaged was one of the plastic height adjuster grips . A call to the Lawn-Boy 800 number had a replacement part on the way.Filled the oil , put in some gas , pushed the primer 3 times and turned the key -- it started right up and ran great . The Sensa-Speed worked way better than I expected -- very smooth and effortless . My grass was at least 6 inches tall and the Lawn-Boy mulched the clippings into oblivion . Unbelievable ! I hung the bag in the shed , where it will probably stay forever.A much nicer mower than the Toro version . . Better wheels , starter handle , height adjusters , deck design , it even looks nicer.This is a product that exceeded my expectations . Thank goodness it survived the trip to my house in that lousy box .
 I still own a 17 yr . lawnboy that still works great . However , Amazon 's offer was so good , I decided to invest in a 2nd lawnboy . Boy , this machine is great . . with the automatic start and self-propelled , this mower is everything is says it is and more . Amazon offered free shipping and a great price ... what more could you ask for . Lawnboy is the best on the market .
 After suffering a back injury earlier in the year , I had to find a lawn mower that would not be too difficult to use . I decided on the Lawn Boy 10686 . I have not been disappointed . Amazon 's shipping was very quick . I received the mower five days after buying it . It took a time or two using it to learn how it handles . The variable speed drive makes it go with almost no effort . Hills are a little more effort . The only problem I have found so far with this mower is when using it around bushes the wire to the electric start may snag and get pulled loose . Strapping the wire to the handle may solve this little problem . A fine lawn mower considering I can cut my whole yard non-stop with a bad back .
 This is an outstanding lawnmower at a great price . Mine was promptly delivered by UPS with no shipping damage whatsoever . Simple to set up , comes with bottle of engine oil . Just remove the battery cover , insert the included fuse , and plug in the included charger . 24 hours later , the battery is fully charged and you 're ready to add gas and start using . Just push the primer button 3 times and the engine is ready to start . The engine starts right up whether you 're using the electric starter or the pull rope which is quite easy to pull . The powerful mower handles like a dream , better than any other mower I 've ever used . The Sens-a-Speed feature really works ! Also , I was extremely pleased with how easy it was to install and remove the bag . The overall quality of this mower seems superb . I researched this purchase thoroughly and am confident I got a great mower at a very good price . Thanks , Amazon !
 I got this item sooner than expected . There was an item , that corresponds to self propell the lawn-mower , broke during the shipping process . But I got it fixed by the Lawn-Boy authorized service center under the warrenty coverage . I like the product much .
 I read all the reviews I could find and shopped around locally for a new mower . I finally settled on a Lawn Boy and decided to spend the extra for the electric start . Had reservations about purchasing a mower on the internet but decided to give it a try.Mower arrived via Eagle transportation ... the carton had a few holes poked in it but nothing was damaged . Un-boxed it , added the oil , charged the battery , filled the tank with gas turned the ignition switch ... nothing.Mentally went into panic mode with images of all the possible problems that could be hiding under the skin of my new mower ... then I realized that I did not have the blade control bar pressed back against the handle . Pulled back the bar , turned the switch , and the green machine came to life.The sense-a-speed feature is wonderful , you can move at your own speed and the mower moves along effortlessly . I left the mower in mulching mode and mowed some rather tall grass with ease ... not one blade of grass left on top of the lawn ... did a beautiful job.This is a new love affair with the green machine as I had been Craftsman user for years . Bottom line ... so far , so good . Time will tell if I made the correct choice .
 This is the best push mower I have owned . It runs so smoothly it almost feels unreal . Its like the cadillac of push mowers . Made the yard look better then ever and in half the time . Another thing is that alot of the newer mowers look ridiculous . This one is very stylus and aesthetically pleasing.Lawn-Boy has been around for ever so its a name you can trust . I had one back in the 80 's and im glad to have one again .
 This is my 3rd Lawn-boy . The first two had problems with the drive system , corrosion of the aluminum deck , electric starter system failures , noise , lack of power , poor bag attachment design , and fair to poor operation of the drive and blade controls . Consequently , I was not set on buying another Lawn-boy . My son-in-law did some thorough research on lawnmowers and finally settled on a 2005 Lawn-boy model . I was impressed with the features and easy of use . After viewing and studying literature on the 10686 model , I decided to purchase this electric start model . The mower arrived at my house in three business days . What could be better than that ? There was some minor shipping damage to a plastic drive lever on the left of the handle . I ordered the part from Lawn-boy for $ 1.35 and installed it myself . After adding oil and charging the battery , the mower sprang to life after just a touch of the electric starter . I have used the mower three times so far and can honestly say that the problems and issues I had with the two previous Lawn-boys and other mowers are all solved with this unit . The electric starter works very well each time without flaw . The drive system and blade control could not be easier . The bail on the handle to allow the mower to start and shut the engine off has just the right spring tension so as not to tire the hands . The drive system is flawless and effortless from a very , very slow crawl to a 4 MPH jogging pace . The engine is quiet and checking and changing oil is a breeze . The engine has plenty of power for thick grass . The bagging system is the simplest I have seen . Why did it take so long to come up with this simple approach ? The mower has great suction in either the mulch mode or bag mode . I welcomed the steel deck . No more corrosion from the acid in the grass . -LRB- I had to replace the aluminum deck on my first Lawn-boy after 2.5 years because it corroded a hole through the deck on the top . -RRB- Finally , the handle storage system works slick and the switch-over from mulch , to bag , to side discharge could not be easier unless you have your wife do it for you .
 I had a hard time rating this mower , because of problems not related to the mower itself . The good part is that it works flawlessly . The electric start cranks right over , the sense-a-speed feature works more smoothly than I thought it would . The bag is easy to take on and off and very easy to empty . Who could ask for more!Well , it took 5 weeks to get to this good part . The mower was delivered and the box looked OK . I put the mower under the Christmas tree and took it out after New Years Day . I had charged it , added oil and gas , turned the key and ... nothing -LRB- The Bad . -RRB- Unlike a prior reviewer , my fix was n't so simple . I called Lawnboy , who referred me to their local -LRB- 12 miles away -RRB- service dealer . I had purchased online because I do n't have a good vehicle for transporting things like this . But I got it to our local service center , where it sat for a month . They said the engine had suffered severe damage , probably from being dropped a good distance . Gears were shattered . Engine covers were bent . And the local Tecumseh parts distributor was having problems and could n't provide parts -LRB- the Ugly . -RRB- The service center eventually went direct to Tecumseh for the parts and got it fixed quickly . And Lawnboy stood behind their warranty completely . No claims or paperwork on my part . -LRB- The extremely good ! -RRB- This could have been 5 stars , but I now have a premium priced rebuilt mower . I have to question the integrity of those parts that interface with the shattered metal . This is a knock on internet purchases of large items , rather than the mower . Buy this mower locally .
 Since I knew what features I wanted in a lawn mower I thought that I would try the on-line experience . Ordering the mower was simple , price was very competitive -LRB- no shipping charges -RRB- , the product arrived earlier than scheduled and works great . The only downside was some small damage from the shipper which Amazon provided a replacement part within a week , great customer service . The mower starts easily , cuts well and is easy to use with the rear drive wheels , I am cutting roughly 1/3 of an acre of grass .
 I ordered this mower and it was shipped via Eagle and delivered in less than a week . I loved that it came fully assembled , nothing to put together . I was never good at starting mowers so the keyed electric start is great . The sense-a-speed self propel is also wonderful , the faster you walk , the faster it goes and it stops when you stop . I have only used the mower once but so far I am extremely pleased with everything from delivery to how well it cuts .
 I did a lot of research and it really paid off . I am 60 years old and have owned and used a lot of different lawnmowers over 50 years of cutting my own grass and for others . This lawnmower is so easy to use and the cut quality is fantastic . The engine starts so easy that all it takes is a bump from the starter of the electric start and the engine starts and runs perfectly and with power to spare . The personal pace self-propelled system , carried over from Toro , makes mowing so easy . I have owned Toro 's but this Lawnboy not only mulches as good , but it also does a very good job at bagging and that is something my Toro 's lacked . I am totally satisfied with this product and it 's price makes it even better .
 This mower ROCKS ! It was my first new mower in over ten years and it worked liked a champ . I was supposed to charge it for 24hrs but only charged it for 12hrs and it still started right up . The sense-o-speed is great . The more you push on the handle bar the faster it goes . Like my snowblower , it moves itself . NO MORE PULL STARTING ! That garbage is in the past . 5 stars for Lawn Boy .
 This product represents what the term heavy duty means . I broke a shovel which was owned by my grandfather and as I needed a replacement , I looked at those in the local hardware stores . I could not justify purchasing the chinese made shovels which cost around 20-25 dollars . I found this shovel when I googled american made shovel and have been very pleased . This is a tool which I could well see passing down to my children . Since purchasing this item , I have purchased several other bully tools products . I do not think that I would purchase any other brand .
 I wanted to get a shovel to replace an old shovel whose handle finally cracked . So I did various internet searches and found hundreds of shovels from hundreds of companies.Then I read this Bully shovel is made in the USA -LRB- note that most shovels are not -RRB- , so I decide to give it a shot.I was shocked when this shovel arrived on how well made it is . I ordered the 92510 Super Heavy Duty shovel model and it comes with a massive amount of steel . But better than that , it has an additional thick steel weld strip on the back to help guard against the shovel head cracking under extreme lift or leverage . I know I use my shovel to lever up a large root or rock all the time , so this extra steel is important to me.This shovel is built like a tank because every area of potential cracking or failure is reinforced , such as the back of the shovel head.Using this shovel has been fine and it works as obviously as one would expect a shovel to operate . Hard to mess up shoveling , but I do feel the blade on this shovel helps me cut through earth and roots easier than my old shovel . Hard to compare because the blade on this shovel is , of course , new and sharp.I expect this shovel to last years easily , perhaps decades . The handle is fiberglass which I am looking forward to since my old wood handle shovels could leave splinters as they aged.A solid purchase and I highly recommend this Bully shovel . Made in the USA definitely equals quality for this product and that 's a nice plus .
 I was looking for a sturdy shovel , and I always look for Made in USA . This fits the bill on both counts . It 's built like a tank.I checked every local hardware store , and not a decent shovel to be found . Eleven varieties of Ames True Temper , a few off brands , a few store brands . A few had decent handles , but every single one without exception had soft , thin , cheap imported steel -LRB- in a few cases `` tempered in USA '' -RRB- guaranteed to bend or break under any strenuous work.Where I come from , the ground is filled with rocks . A shovel takes a beating digging even a modest hole . You have to be able to stand on the foot braces and jump up and down , and scrape and auger and pound . Cheap junk wo n't cut it.This Bully Tools shovel has as solid construction as I have ever seen in a shovel . Pound on the blade , and it gives that distinctive deep thud you 'd associate with a whack from a cast iron pan . Very nice . Heartily recommended .
 First jar delivered leaked into packaging . Supplier imeadiately sent me a second jar at no charge excellent customer service
 Hello , I was married and have owned my own home since I was 24 years old . I 'm now 62 and for 37 years I have done all my own maintenance . Without mentioning any brand names , I have owned many hand tools over the years . Without question the Corona RL 3530 is the greatest lopper I have ever owned . You ca n't compare Corona tools by the way you think they should perform . The only way you can compare a tool is by doing a side by side comparison with similar products . I currently own eight loppers of different manufactures , some have been hanging in my garage for over 20 years . I saw and ordered the Corona . I was amazed by how easy it cuts brush . I thought it was just me so I had my 29 year old daughter and my wife try my largest , Twice the size , most aggressive looking lopper I have , it ca n't compare with the ease of cutting you experience with the Corona . Its absolutely amazing . I licked it so much I ordered two more , to replace the one in my motor home and in my van . If I knew how to send you a video I would send you a video so you could see what I 'm telling you . You know the old saying `` Seeing is believing '' . If you are looking for a compact lopper with ease of operation this is it the best you can buy.Eddy
 I have tried several rooting gels , and I have looked into the main ingredient , indole butyric acid . Pay attention to the percentage , as this is the most important component . Do n't let any of the marketing hype or word of mouth fool you . Just because someone says `` x-brand worked better for me , but all of the clones used by rootech failed '' , it does n't mean that the other brand was better . It also does n't mean Rootech was necessarily better or worse . They could have done something different or made a mistake , just as I did.Now , back to that main ingredient . The more of this stuff , the better . The rest is just filler or water , and sometimes vitamins , which really do n't do much at all for a plant without roots . From what I 've found , Rootech has the highest concentration of indole butyric acid of any other product . This is the growth hormone that encourages your cuttings to grow roots , so more is better . One other product , which ends in an '' - ex '' , even contains a known CARCINOGEN AND IRRITANT called crystal violet dye , which is only used as a colorant . -LRB- Check the MSDS safety sheets ! -RRB- I did not know this even though I have used that particular brand of clone solution before trying the cloning gels.That said , just use whatever method and product works best for you . At least now you know what to look for . And if you want to go with the facts , this product has the highest concentration of rooting hormones among any other gels.EDIT
 The only thing I could find like this at my local store was in powder form and I 've never had good luck with a powder . This seems better cause it coats the stem so I shelled out more money for this . I am very happy with this I 've had 100 % success with ever clone I 've done . Now I do n't have to keep buying flowers anymore or grow them from a seed .
 Used this side by side -LRB- exact same conditions , soil , plants , etc -RRB- against a powder . The results from this gel so outstripped the powder that I do n't even know why that powder is still on the market at all . Get this .
 This is a great gel - it was referred to me by a true gardener who wo n't use anything else .
 This stuff is fantastic for rooting plants , this is my third jar . It is much better and sticks to the plants better than powder .
 About as good as Clonex . Roots quick and prevents fungal infections . Perfect for the home gardener . Would purchase again without hesitation .
 This is a great product that can be used to renew a sluggish irrigation sprinkler valve actuator . At a low cost , a lot of money can be saved . I bought eight and just finished rebuilding one valve actuator . It works beautifully . The one item of concern is that the new diaphragm is simply a flat piece of rubbery material , instead of having a circular bellow for expansion , as the old one did . This means that the diaphragm may want to stretch as the valve opens . How would this affect the life of the diaphragm ? I do n't know yet . The only other negative feature is that the kit does not include a bleeder valve screw , an item that commonly gets messed up . Just the O-ring for the bleeder is included .
 So it 's a great filter and everything -LRB- hence all the stars -RRB- but I did n't realize I was getting 2 filters . So anyone out there buying this it is a set of 2 filters , not just one . Would have rather paid less and just gotten the one , but now that I have two it is rather nice to alternate . Just an fyi .
 I bought these at a steep discount to the local pool stores price and I have n't been disappointed ... These filters work exactly as promised . Very highly recommended !
 Located this pool filter cartridge at Amazon and ordered online . Arrived a few days later -LRB- selected free shipping but it still arrived 3 days later -RRB- and was very pleased with the quality . Installed it in my pump filter unit and it has worked very well . Bought my previous cartidge at a local pool store for 2.5 X the cost . Wish I had known about this then ! A word of wisdom for new pool owners like myself -LRB- actually a new home owner with an old pool -RRB- . Most pools built today have DE filter units , not a cartridge . A cartridge unit is definitely old technology . To increase the particle trapping ability of the cartridge -LRB- DE is much more efficient -RRB- you should add DE or Pur-Fiber to the skimmer . It will get taken up and coat the filter making it more efficient at trapping small particles like algae . I learned the hard way !
 Great filter for the price . I 'll buy another one in a few months when this once needs to be replaced .
 Bought these to replace my existing cartridges that lasted nearly 5 years -LRB- alternating between 2 sets -RRB- . These look just like the OEM Hayward ones and I see the same pressure loss -LRB- virtually none as I grossly oversized my filter -RRB- . So far so good . Fast delivery and cheap shipping is hard to beat .
 Received the product within a week and worked wonderfully . Great value also . Also the reviewer that said you get 2 filters ... ? I only recieved 1 so they must 've made a mistake on your order . But still I would order this product again .
 My husband loved this . Perfect size for wall decor . Any Wolverine fan would like this . Great addition to a sports fan collection
 This bracket fit just as the original and I needed no modification . the price was amazing and the shipping was very quick . sometimes i wish all my purchases were this good
 Simple to use and looks great ! The hummingbirds like the feeder and it is easy for them to stand on the side . Really pretty !
 I 've tried different kinds , and this feeder is good . The bottom fits well and does n't drip . The glass and metal parts are n't going to degrade like plastic . The only negative is that it only holds 10 ounces , but you should change the nectar frequently in the summer , anyway , so it 's not a bad thing . It 's also attractive , and the hummers love it !
 What a beautiful feeder ! I like the size , because it holds a limited amount , which reminds you to change the food often to keep the food from spoiling . It is easy to clean , I LOVE that it is glass and metal so no plastic ! YES!My only problem is the flowers are handpainted on and scrape off easily . By the end of the season , my neighbor will have to repaint them on . I thought they would have been fired into the glass.So be careful when handling . .
 I 've had this feeder for well over a year and the hummingbirds love it ! It does n't leak or attract bees or ants . It 's very easy to clean and fill , and looks beautiful hanging on my patio . I highly recommend it !
 This is a beautiful feeder and looks just perfect in my garden . It is sturdy and heavy enough not to blow around in the wind . The birds are very happy with it too !
 I bought this product about a month ago so far no hummingbirds . Maybe the hummingbirds need to be aware that I put this in my backyard ; just a note the food needs to be changed weekly which I have n't done yet . The product is glass with nice flowers on it but the bottom portion is plastic .
 I like the feeder . I came to me with some of the paint rubbed off on it but I guess that 's the downfall of ordering online .
 I picked this Feeder because I wanted one that looked pretty even if no hummingbirds came to it . I love the painted flower designs on it , and so do the hummingbirds ! I 'm really happy with the quality , it is made of glass , not plastic and it holds up really well .
 My Lilac Meadows hummingbird feeder just arrived this morning , and it 's aleady hanging on my front porch . It 's a beautiful addition to the house and front garden . The size is perfect , not too big and not too small . It 's easy to fill and clean . And YAY ! It does n't drip ! The clear design with painted flowers is perfect for feeding hummer-nectar without dyes or other additives in it . Also , for some reason I was expecting it to be made of plastic , and I was very pleasantly surprised to see that the bottle is made of beautiful , crystal-clear glass . It looks like a jewel in the garden . The four flowers at the base allow the birds to face any direction they wish while feeding ; or , better yet , for more than one bird at a time to sip from it . The feeder arrived in perfect condition , and in less than a week . I love this hummingbird feeder !
 I love hummingbirds and I wanted a product that would last so I brought this item and when I received it I love it but I left it outside during the winter and it broke from frost and the cold . I might purchase another one , I have not decided yet , I just have to remember to bring it in during the winter season .
 I was so very impressed with the quality of this item and the price and the quick delivery . I bought it as a Xmas gift for friends and felt it was top notch quality . I felt very good giving it . I want one . It will look great on anyones patio . I will buy it again in a minute . Actually , I wish someone would buy one for me .
 The recipients are very happy with the chimes . They were able to hang it on a high branch of a tall tree where it picks up more wind and sounds quite nice.Very timely delivery .
 High quality piece , beautifully finished . Well worth the price , and just as beautiful as the picture . I will purchase this brand again .
 These chimes have a very nice sound . They came ready to hang right out of the box . We are enjoying the music everyday .
 I had them hanging at my cottage on the deck all Summer . Beautiful sound ! I ca n't wait 'til next Summer to get them back out .
 These chimes have beautiful tone and rings to them . The bigger the better . Only reason I gave 4 star was for the lack of a nicer hanging mechanism . Instead of having a solid metal ring or hook for hanging , it 's just the end of the rope itself pressure squeezed by a aluminum piece . And that small aluminum piece holds the entire weight of the chime.It 's holding so far but I would have preferred something more secure and solid . That method of terminating the ropes also makes it not quite even when hanged.BUT IT SOUNDS GREAT !!! : - -RRB-
 I gave this wind chime as a memorial gift . My friend hung it on her patio and she said it reminds her of father every time the wind blows . Both of them loved music and she said it is the most beautiful gift she could have gotten . Flowers die but this is a gift that keeps the memories of her father alive.PM
 This chime has . Nice chime and sounds . Great outside my screen porch . It has nice materials for the price . It arrived very quickly .
 I purchased the athena and the orpheus . They produce really beautiful harmonics even with a slight breeze . My neighbors love them and want some as well . I am encouraging them to get the `` King David '' set !! My first shipment , Athena , was speedy . The `` Orpheus '' set was ordered on 7/13 and finally arrived today - 8/3 . It is within bounds of the timing Amazon promised.The chimes were well packaged and protected .
 I do have a collection of windchimes and when I heard the Orpheus , I had to add it to the collection . It has a lovely , peaceful sound to it that lasts ... . I look forward to breezy days . .
 Beautiful , utmost high quality chimes . Admired these many times in our local store but decided to purchase on Amazon.com to save about $ 75 in overall cost -LRB- retailed at $ 199 in the store -RRB- . Astonishing notes , tranquil melody ; it 's like listening to Spa on satellite radio . These chimes make me wish for one windy day after the next .
 i love windchimes , but very specific types . I like rich tones , not the high pitched ones that annoy neighbors . I had my eye on this brand of windchimes for a while now . I convinced myself to spend the money . They are WELL WORTH the money . This is a high quality product , but at this price they are still a very good value . The rich tones resonate nicely to create a melody of nature . I would not hesitate to recommend these chimes . This specific one is very good and I think that any of the choices in this brand would probably be great.I have some $ 25 chimes from Home Depot and these do n't even compare . They are wonderful and relaxing .
 I bought these chimes for my wife based on a sound clip that she loved . Until you hear these in person though any sound file will not do them justice . They seem to resonate forever . I hope the neighbors do n't mind because I plan to get the full Windsinger series someday .
 Woodstock Percussion Chimes never dissappoint . Beautiful tones . I love them and would buy them again .
 I can not believe just how beautiful these windchimes sound . They are worth every penny I paid for them . I love to go out and listen to the peaceful resonating tones . Well worth the money , you 'll be outside all the time just to listen to them !
 I love the sound of these chimes . The tone resonates for what seems like 30 to 40 seconds . The area I live in does not have a lot of wind this time of year . Usually around 8pm and 7am a breeze kicks up for about an hour to two hours and starts the chime in motion . However a good strike is needed to resonate the chimes . I have three other chimes and they are sounding off alot more than the Orpheus chimes . But it is definitely worth the wait of a brisk wind to hear this chime sing . The Woodstock chimes produce a higher quality tone than the other chimes I have . I definitely recommend the Orpheus if you live in an area that has 8-12mph winds . They are beautiful sounding and worth the money .
 This is a very well built chime that sounds great . You really ca n't beat the price . I saw it for sale up in Cloudcroft NM ... . Luckly I checked Amazon first . I have it at my cabin in the Sacramento Mnts . I liked it so much , I bought two more before they run out . . . one for a gift and one for my home in Mesilla .
 These are my second-favorite set of chimes after the Westminster Chimes . These more sing than clang . Most chimes sound like a bell ringing , but these just resonate often you ca n't hear the initial clang of the striker ... you just hear them humming . They are lovely , a bit pricey , but I 've wanted some of these for many years , and once I splurged , no buyer 's remorse .
 This is the second set of Woodstock Chimes of Orpheus that I have given as a gift , and both recipients love the melodious , deep tones based on an ancient Oriental scale . In the past I have bought several sets of chimes , and these have the deepest tone of all and are designed so that the sound resonates longer than any of the rest . I chose the black chimes in the hope that they would resist the tendency of more traditional shiny aluminum chimes to develop tiny oxidation pits . Time will tell .
 I purchased these for my wife 's birthday and boy did I ever make points with her . These are truly wonderful , the sound is so soothing , even my neighbors enjoy listening to them . If you are looking for wind chimes , you cannnot go wrong with these .
 I first discovered this melodious windchime when my wealthy neighbors carefully set it up on their expansive back deck . As with most of their display items , this one is of the highest quality and in all sincerity is one of the sweetest sounding wind chimes my soft ears have had the pleasure of hearing . Unfortunately , it can become rather irritating on long lonely windy nights and several weeks ago something happened to it -LRB- I do n't know what -RRB- . Luckily , the neighbors are heavy sleepers and have yet to replace the chime . My recommendation
 Yes , they are big , but not noisy ! I gave these to someone who hung them very close to the house . The tones were never intrusive . I own the black one which I prefer . I have the Athena as well . Nice together .
 Excellent value for this large chime . The sound is extremely pleasant and the tones are long lasting . Very magestic looking in the back yard hanging from a tree . If you like wind chimes , treat yourself with the Chimes of Orpheus .
 These chimes sound better than they did on the online recording . We have seen comparable chimes for 2-3 times more .
 This bird bath was easy to put together and set up . It is attractive and the birds like it too . It is easy to clean but I do wonder if it will rust without constant maintenance . Otherwise it is a very nice addition in my backyard .
 I was very pleased when I received it ... . the birds love it too & its easy to clean ...
 1 -RRB- Before putting any plastic `` whimsie '' into the pond , spray with a couple of coats an ultraviolet protective spray , clear flat or gloss is your choice . I prefer the flat to the gloss to maintain the original look . These such items may need to be sprayed again periodically to maintain their color .2 -RRB- Fishing line with weights on the bottom mesured to the right length and attached to the bottom of birds , ducts , etc. to allow such things to move some but not turn over and keeps them in place and upright . I drop all weights attached to such things into the center of a concrete building block placed into the bottom of the pond and this keeps such cuties in the general area of the pond of where I want them to stay.If your items have faded , you can touch them up with craft paints and then spray them with several coats of sealer that have a UV protectant .
 Fast delivery ! Very pretty pot ! The colors are just lovely !
 I bought this from Walmart and absolutely love it . It 's seems very sturdy , was reasonably priced , and is absolutely beautiful . I did n't have any of the problems other reviewers had - I 'm extremely pleased with this purchase and everyone who sees the set thinks it 's charming .
 We received our Bistro set today , and absolutely love it ! It arrived in perfect condition , is gorgeous , and is very sturdy . It comes with bolts and nuts to attach the tabletop to the base -LRB- did that other reviewer miss this somehow ? -RRB- . And the chairs are certainly strong enough for my boyfriend and me -LRB- well , one person per chair , of course ! -RRB- . Anyway , we 're very happy with the purchase , and would recommend the set to anyone .
 The Baltimore and Orchard Orioles love this feeder . Its good quality , easy to refill and clean , and you can hang it or set it on something . Bonus
 Love this oriole feeder . Have had 2 of them . The feeder holes keep the bees and ants out . Easy to clean.Only problem is it fades bad after 1-2 summers -LRB- Minnesota summer is only 41/2 months long -RRB- . : -LRB-
 I love these and only able to find them on line . Great prices and free shipping . What I love the most about them is the bees are n't able to get inside them like the other types do . Highly recommend this product .
 The orioles love this feeder and my hummers pretty much leave it alone . It keeps wasps and flies out . The only drawback is it leaks in the wind . I like it overall !
 We put this up after the Oriole 's were trying to drink out of the Hummingbird feeder . It has adjustable things for different sizes of Oriole 's . It works and fit perfectly . I used to be stuffy about glass vs. plastic but I am actually glad this one was plastic . The Oriole 's knocked this one down -LRB- I fixed it so they could n't do that again -RRB- and it did n't break or even leak out . I recommend !
 I read the reviews for this feeder and was hopeful I would have good results . This feeder is a success . I put it up yesterday , and today , as I sit at my window , I see the Hooded Orioles -LRB- juveniles -RRB- feeding from it . Prior to getting the Oriole feeder , while they came to my hummingbird feeder , they would feed for just a few seconds . They stay much longer at the new feeder and come back to it frequently . I 've seen a male/female pair come to it several times in a matter of 15 minutes . If you have hooded orioles , I recommend this feeder .
 I 've already attracted 4 pairs of beautiful Orioles with this great feeder filled with pulp-free orange juice ! Now I 've also purchased a fly-through feeder which I 'm putting grape jelly and halved oranges into for the birds ... what a marvelous feeder ... thanks .
 Popular with both orioles -LRB- hooded -RRB- and hummingbirds -LRB- ana 's -RRB- . I am on my third of these feeders . The bee guards are great when in place , but break easily when cleaning - which is often necessary as the more dilute sugar solution for orioles -LRB- I use 1 cup sugar to 4 water -RRB- can grow mold in only a few days . The reservoir is easy to clean with a bent bottle brush -LRB- it 's made from somewhat flexible plastic -RRB- and the base separates into two for easy cleaning . Other than the bee guard 's fragility , the swing out perches are also fragile ; my current feeder is stabilized with bent paper clips to stop the perches retracting - the mechanism broke on this one and on a previous feeder . The good thing about so many broken feeders is that I have a ready supply of spare parts . This far better than the non-bee guard feeders , some of which get so crowded with bees the humming birds do n't feed . I also like to put a blob of axle grease around the hook to stop ants invading the feeder .
 great product . Easy to clean and holds lots of nectar . The orioles took a few days to figure it out but they eventually got it . Great , great product . Thanks Perky Pet !
 This feeder not only works well , but it can be taken apart for cleaning purposes . It is better than the rest for those reasons .
 I have used dozens of these feeders over many years . They work very well . However , I wish that the plastic was more durable , that the color held up longer and that they were easier to clean . So , I like these feeders . With these changes , I would love these feeders.Margaret Marshall
 This is a very good feeder . There are two perch positions depending on what type of oriole is in your area . Easy to clean too .
 The Orioles who visit us each Spring love this product . It is as if they know just where to find them in our tree . They come in late April or early May and leave for cooler weather to the north in early June . They make our May every year ; Orioles are worth the cost and effort to keep them around .
 Orioles readily take nectar from my 8 oz . Perky-Pet Four Fountains hummingbird feeders , and can quickly empty them . Buying larger hummingbird feeders was not entirely satisfactory since all have feeding ports which exclude non-hummers . I got this Opus oriole feeder so the orioles would have their own large capacity feeder.My feeder has springy buttons in the nectar ports which act as bee guards . -LRB- Note
 Unpacked it , filled it and hung it up . Had Orioles right away . This unit was a replacement for a another brand that allowed the Humming Birds to feed as well as the Orioles . The Hummers were confused and unable to feed from this one because of the bee guards . We disassembled the unit and removed the bee guards -LRB- bees are n't a significant problem in our area -RRB- . Now everybody feeds!Nice unit . I would recommend it .
 We tried another brand of oriole feeder two summers ago and had to get rid of it because of the problem it created with the local bees
 I purchased one of these a year ago , when I noticed the Scott 's Orioles trying to eat out of our hummingbird feeders . They were unsuccessful , as their beaks were too large . I found one of the Opus feeders online , and when it was installed in our yard , we had an Oriole invasion ; both Scott 's and Hooded Orioles congregated around it . One smart family even built a nest about 10 ' away from the feeder ! It 's easy to clean and fill , easy to assemble , and the birds love it . The only thing that might improve this feeder is if the reservoir was glass instead of plastic , but we 're very happy with it .
 Okay , I got my Oriole Feeder a few days ago . The holes are different but look like they would prevent bees from getting in . It is like all water feeders . You have to secure them so they do n't sway or wiggle else the sweet water will shake out . Mine is secured on top of window AC unit so wind ca n't blow it off or shake it . It is very windy where I live . It has not leaked at all ! So for people complaining about leaky water feeders , they probably do n't have them secure . I have all my other Hummer feeders secured to prevent water shaking out . So far my Orioles are still using the hummer feeders . I hope soon they will notice this new Oriole Feeder . I am sure eventually one of them will notice this new feeder at this different place on my house . I rated this high assuming the Orioles will soon start using it . I will clean it with hot sudsy water and rinse it well . I clean all my water feeders every 3 days to prevent black mold that likes to form in sugar water especially if feeders get enough sun light to warm the water up . The round top with little opening makes it impossible to scrub out . I have had other Hummer feeders same way . You just let them sit bottom up with hot sudsy water then flush out real good with cold water . It 's not all that hard to clean if you know how . I think some of the comments on this Oriole feeder are not fair . It looks like a pretty good sweet water feeder to me .
 I 've had this out for a couple of weeks now and it seems to be working fine . Seems to be well made and has not leaked . The orioles went to it within a couple of days . The picture looks like the feeding stations are made of rubber or something , but the one I received is hard plastic with the little plastic balls to keep bees out . The orioles just push the ball through to get the nectar . I added a couple of pictures of orioles feeding .
 We had searched in vain for an oriole feeder locally . The main drawback being bees and wasps were able to penetrate the feeder , and were then drowning . This feeder works ! Orioles are happy , bees less so , but are at least living to tell the tale .
 Reduce the number and cost of supplies for running your spa with hydrogen peroxide . With this kit you can keep your spa sanitary using hydrogen peroxide . That is an advantage because there are no chemicals in it .
 Great product does exactly what they say and is easy to use . The only drawback is that it would be nice to have sensitivity at more points between 50ppm and 100ppm , but this can be taken care of by diluting the liquid being tested .
 We have a lot of pinestraw & our neighbor has one of these rakes . It makes picking up the pinestraw soooooo much easier without having to bend over & kill your back ! We absolutely love it !
 I bought this to give it a go and see if the product would work . It doubles the time it would take for my cuttings to root . The roots are strong and healthy . This is a nice product and does n't burn like some of the cutting gels out there.GREAT product . 10 STARS for cuttings !
 This well manufactured and heavy duty nozzle is a one trick pony , but that one trick is done better than any other nozzle I 've ever used . Well worth the money .
 My mom opened this Christmas gift yesterday and loved it . A little early , but she is 84 and can do what she wants . It is well constructed , beautiful to look at and will be easy to place outdoors . Can not say how well it will handle the Michigan winters yet but looks to be okay and easy to clean .
 This is a pretty little bird house , very charming . Smaller than I thought it would be , but very sturdy . The shipping was very quick and it was well packaged . Looks beautiful in my backyard under the pine trees !
 I have a garden center in Northern WI and ordered these when I first opened up . I hung one out to see how it would withstand our weather up here and 4 years later -LRB- through all seasons -RRB- the sweet little house is still looking good . As a result of my `` test '' I 've sold many of them . Sadly I can no longer get these through my distributor !
 Wonderful natural product to help keep my horses healthy by keeping their pasture healthy . See her at -LSB- ... -RSB- She has great advice .
 We purchased this product as a gift and were quite please with the quality and workmanship . The recepient loved it and wanted to know where we purchased it so they could buy more .
 This is the second time I purchased this product - Hormex Rooting Solution - from Amazon . I know this brand works to prevent culture shock of plants , specially those that I bought through internet . Whenever I propagate plants through cuttings , these cuttings are sprayed with Hormex , following the directions on the label . In a few days new roots start to appear . I like this product and I 'm glad I can buy it through Amazon . It arrived very well packed and on time . I 'm sure I will order this and other products next time . I will also tell my friends about my positive purchasing experience through Amazon . Thanks to all of you who are making this possible .
 The ` Go To ' product to prevent transplant shock in shrubs , saplings , and plants . Not widely available in most nurseries , where you can find many brands of rooting powders for preparing cuttings , but not usually this Vitamin B1 product to establish new root growth in transplants . A bottle of Hormex last lasts a long time , because only a very dilute solution is needed .
 The birds are very happy with their new food ! It is fun to watch them take turns getting food . That 's right , they actually take turns !
 I like the feeder . It does require that you must take it down to fill it , as you can not move the cover to the side enough to pour any food in with it hanging by the chain . It is built very sturdy and looks very nice hanging in the yard . It seems to be limited to the small birds , because the perches are very close to the feeding area .
 I 'm very happy with this Carolina Panthers garden flag . It is easy to switch out between this one and my UNC Tarheels flag , and it 's very sturdy and well made . Excellent price too !
 Artline Ant Guard Bell -LRB- 25/8 '' x 25/8 '' x 31/8 '' -RRB- Anyone who has hummingbird feeders needs these bells - they absolutely prevent ants and are inexpensive .
 Great for keeping ants off the hummingbird feeder . Only disadvantage is when it is hot the vaseline melts and drips on the top of the feeder , but it 's better than having ants !
 Easy to use and so far no ants in the humming bird nector .
 does just what it says it will . Simple design , not unattractive to look at and does the trick . Had to get more for my mom because she saw mine and ... well she wanted some for her house !
 I 've already reviewed this once , but it 's a great product , I 'll do it again . I 've bought these before from this company . Shipping is prompt and they are a good company to buy from . Thanks
 I prefer bite-sized onigiri and I like this mold a lot , it makes perfect little bite-sized morsels .
 Lightweight , goes anywhere and is perfect for the purpose which I bought it for.Thanks
 Background
 This a wonderful little generator that does what it is intended to do , like Powering a lamp or fridge ... ` it really pisses mr off to read these reviews where folks think they can run a microwave , fridge , computer all at once ... . This is perfect for a leaf blower , running the fridge and a lamp , power tools , etc. . . it started 2nd pull and I have used it quite hard the last few months ... I bought this generator because I have 6 month old twin boys and we were expecting a northeaster snowstorm back in January including high winds and ice storms ... We lost power for 6 hours and this little guy ran great ! I was able to use the fridge , lamp and TV we swapped the fridge out to run the microwave etc. . . It paid for itself during this winter because we lost power several times and having the twins all the food in the fridge and freezer we saved and most importantly we did n't have to leave the house and put the kids and ourselves in jeapordy ... I just recently used the generator in a Amature Radio Special Event where it powered a power supply and a laptop to run the radio ... The Hertz hold steady ... I would never jepordize a $ 2000 radio if I did n't think this was a good generator ... It is quieter than I thought . As far as the gas goes , I ca n't really say because during the storm I was running it hard and ran about 4 hours on a tank ... During the radio event it ran 6 hours and never missed a beat either time ... Do n't expect miracles and light your 4000sf home folks ! Go buy a bigger one and spend more Money ...
 I bought this just after short power outage during Irene for my three sump pumps . You will need to buy a grounding rod and some 16 gauge wire . The local home store had full length grounding rods , but were way too long -LRB- you could buy and cut -RRB- . The guy recommended some shorter pieces of copper all ready cut . After pounding the pipe into the ground , you have to screw the wire to the frame , I wish there was something you could tie into and not unscrew an existing bolt . There 's probably something you can buy.It started on the second pull and had a little smoke for a second . I only tested one pump with water in the well . The generator was able to keep up with the garden hose on full . It did stink for a while , but once it got the juices flowing , the smell cleared up quickly -LRB- well as best it could with exception to carbon monoxide -RRB- . As I will use it under the eaves of the house , you have to put one side against the house so you can pull start it from one side . It 'd be nice to be able to pull start from either muffler or power side . Also , it 'd be nice if the power connection was on the opposite side to keep it out of the rain . The muffler is on the opposite side of the power connection , so it 's somewhat of a conundrum . I guess you could situate it sideways , but the pull start may get wet from rain.Update , on 10/29 we had an early snow storm . Of course we lost power . I tried starting the generator . I put the choke all the way to the left -LRB- away from stop -RRB- , after several pulls it finally started . However it was sputtering and outputting quite a bit of gray smoke . I thought it was going to take some time to get up to full rpm , but it eventually quit . I tried several more times to start and it did the same thing . Well , I finally tried putting the choke in the middle and it came to life quite easily and with a much higher rpm than with the choke all the to the left . I hooked up a Vornado heater and the fan barely blew , but it was producing some heat . The 16x10 room temperature went about about .25 degrees from 70.5 . Update 10/25/2012 . for about a month now , I 've been trying to start it , but it just wo n't . I finally realized -LRB- and also read the manual says to empty the carb of fuel if storing for a while -RRB- the carbeurator was probably flooded and needed some drying out . I also noticed that there was very little gas in it and I was trying to start on an incline . I filled up , turned off the gas switch , set choke on -LRB- all the way to left -RRB- and pulled three times . On the fourth or so , it sputtered and started up . After a few seconds , I turned the gas back on and ran it for about 15 minutes .
 I purchased this generator just in case the power went out and needed to run a small sump pump during hurricane irene and pump out my basement . Lost power as I expected and I started the generator . Followed the instructions and it started on the 2nd pull . I used a high quality synthetic 2 cycle oil and 89 octane gas . It ran very smoothly for a 2 stroke but with a little smoke for the first few minutes . After warming it up I plugged in the pump and it handled the load with no problem . It ran for aprx 7 hours on one gallon of gas . I shut it down only to add gas for 3 days alternating between the sump pump and a small refridgerator and a lamp . After the 3rd day the motor or something inside started making a knocking noise although it still works fine . This generator saved my gas furnace and hot water heater from certain flooding not to mention keeping the food in the fridge cold . Bottom line if you need a small efficient occasional use generator and dont want to spend alot of money then this is for you . If you want a long lasting durable expensive frequent use generator then buy a honda .
 I was pleasantly surprised with this generator . It arrived well packaged , the instructions are clear and easy to follow , and I had it running within minutes of it arriving at my house . It appears to be well made , to me , it looks like a more expensive product.It usually starts on the 2nd or 3rd pull . It is easy to forget to turn it on or open the fuel valve . If you do this , you 'll be pulling and pulling and you 'll flood the thing and it wo n't start . The solution is to just wait about 20 min and try again.Under a moderate load the generator runs like a top . It is not all that loud and mine does n't smoke or anything like that.I can run a heavy duty floor fan , two shop lights , and a power drill , no problem . It will also run my circular saw.Overall a great product for the money .
 I 've been a pilot since 1959 , and we fly airplanes by the book . This little `` hundred buck '' chinese generator arrived in a couple of days and replaced its Honda `` thousand buck ' counterpart that we had on loan here.The first thing was to shake the hand of our UPS guy . The box did ` nt have even a small ding on it . No broken spark plug or things of that nature . It 's pro-packaged and boxed with a hefty double styrofoam holder just like any good technical product.By the book
 Well designed , solid unit . Easy to start and relatively quiet . Includes several small tools in pouch and 12v cord with alligator clips . Complete , well written manual printed on substantial paper . Easily handles variable loads associated with softball pitching machine . 1 year consumer warranty -LRB- many are only 90 days -RRB- with toll free support from established manufacture . A bit smoky during initial 5 min of operation but that was probably machining oils burning off . Clean otherwise . Good packaging minimizing chance of shipping damage . Arrived in 3 business days via UPS ground -LRB- free -RRB- .
 Bought this on Amazon.com for $ 119.00 with free shipping ... the lowest price I could find for this . Plus the free shipping was the clincher.This is a good machine . Well made and comes in sturdy shipping carton packed in styrofoam . Comes with a small tool set for setup and maintenance , A DC charging harness and the owner 's manual which is well laid out and clearly written.This machine requires a 50:1 fuel mix which translates into 2.5 OZ of oil to 1 gallon of gasoline.Mixed the fuel and it started right up out of the box . No backfiring , no blue smoke , no nonsense . Just set the choke , open the fuel valve and pull.So easy a kid could do it.It weighs 46 lbs and the sound level is acceptable , you can hold a conversation near it , that 's for sure!Keep in mind that this is a basic generator . You get 1 AC outlet and 1 DC outlet . That 's it . Strickly no frills but it does it well.On the AC no load after it stabilized 123VAC @ 60HZ and 18VDC . Over the course of 1 hour I powered a 250 watt worklight , a 100 watt table lamp , a small refrigerator , a portable B&W ; TV , a portable AM/FM radio , a 18 '' box fan and a small space heater . -LRB- not all at the same time -RRB- . All worked properly with no flickering , voltage fluctuations or noise . A little static on the TV picture and AM radio but still acceptable.I then connected the TV to the DC output and it performed well there too.Under load I obtained 120VAC @ 60HZ steady and solid , The DC drops to 14.4 volts under load . You can charge a battery with the included DC wire harness but I have not tried that yet.Basic and simple for light duty work . And over the course of 1 hour the fuel level hardly dropped.So what are you waiting for , try it , you 'll like it !
 I dont leave comments regularly on my amazon purchases , but I know I read the reviews before purchasing this back in Oct 07 . And after a power outage and using it today . I said I 'd give my impression . It definitely holds up to its wattage rating . I powered a Panasonic 50 '' Plasma HDTV -LRB- 700 watts max -RRB- a floor fan , and laptop/modem/router . I did have all electronics plugged into a surge protector/line conditioner -LRB- APC Line R1200 -RRB- . I would NOT recommend plugging sensitive electronics directly to the generator . I never keep exact track ... but i seem to get over 4 hours of usage on a full tank . again i never timed it but I 'm sure its not less than 4 . After extended storage , first couple minutes the exhaust is a little smokey ... but clears up in about 5 minutes . The noise level is tolerable , especially when using it in emergency situations . All in all ... a must for South Florida small apt residents who need to power about 800-900 watts of appliances , and since i got it for $ 99 delivered , i am quite happy with this product so far .
 I bought this on sale from Amazon for $ 109 delivered and it arrived the day before one of our frequent winter power outages . It requires very little room , set up was easy , I can move it without help , and it usually starts without having to `` manhandle '' it . It will power my computer and satelite receiver -LRB- on very good surge protectors -RRB- and a light - all I need when the power is out . If necessary , I can run either the freezer or the fridge on it to get them cold again , but I 'm prepared with gallon jugs of ice to keep them cold for a day or two -LRB- without opening them much -RRB- . The Amazon power requirement chart was handy for me to make my decision . It 's good to be prepared and self-reliant out here in the boonies .
 I was very skeptical that this product could be any good at such a low price . Well at least for me it is that and much more . For a little over $ 100.00 this little , fairly quite machine has now run through 10 tanks of fuel -LRB- over 50 hours -RRB- and always starts within 2 pulls . Just run one appliance at a time and it has no problems . I use it mostly to charge batteries and run a few household appliances on my houseboat and it works like a champ . I am ordering two more just to keep in storage for back ups . Seldom does something you think is under priced outperform expectations . I must say that I do baby it a little . I only use high quality synthetic oil , clean filters regularly , change the spark plug every 50 hours , do n't overload the circuits , and turn off the fuel line to shut it off to run all fuel out of the carburetor after each use . I hope everyone 's experience with this product is as good as mine
 I was a little skeptical for the price but I 've used units costing more than twice as much which were n't built as good and did n't perform any better ... The ONLY minor complaint I have is that it idles a little rough being a 2 cycle ... But upon loading it smooths right out ... At idle it produces 122 volts and when I pulled a full tested 10 amps or 1200 watts equivalent for 5 minutes it still held a firm 115 volts ... It also has a dedicated 8.2 amp 12 volt charging plug in with the necessary cables ... Many units costing more do n't even have this ... For the price and with metal prices surging I expected the generator itself to be aluminum wound but it was copper which is much better ... The gas tank is metal and the entire unit is very well built ... The manual is VERY thorough with included schematics and part numbers for the generator and 2 cycle engine ... I also like the 41 lb . weight for those times when a larger heavier unit would be a pain ... Overall for $ 119 I consider this unit an extraordinary value ...
 I have just bought this product and used it for a camping trip this week it runs every thing that i need and is surpisingly quiet . If you are looking for an affordable generator this one is for you . i am a happy owner .
 Well , We had that October Nor'Easter here in New Hampshire and ended up without power for 6 days . It was difficult to locate any sort of generator around the area , thankfully I found this generator here on Amazon and had it shipped the next day . Amazon , as promised had it delivered to my doorstep . It was fairly easy to start up and ran no problem . I was new to using it , and only powered our refrigerator for a time and then switched it over to run the furnace . I know it could have run more accessories as well . I did not seem to get a lot of run time on the gas I put in the generator , but that could have been me . I only ran it a few days until we had power back on in the house . I am sure testing it out longer would have given me an idea on how long it would run on a tank of gas.I would certainly recommend this generator , it is compact and not difficult to move around . It did not break the bank in order to have the comfort of having a generator on hand in those instances the power goes out again . My 12 year old daughter was confident she could power it up if she needed to do so . It was easy for her to follow the steps to get the generator going.I do have to comment again , how easy and great it was to order the item from Amazon and have it at my home the next day . That was worth everything especially when you learn it could take some time before power would be turned back on in our area .
 After reading the reviews of this generator I am surprised that NO ONE has mentioned the break in period for these `` jenny 's '' . I have owned three of these low watt generators and have `` always '' broken them in for twenty five -LRB- yes 25 -RRB- hours at no more than 50 % load.They are all still running as new and `` sip '' gas . I ONLY run 50 to 1 . Changed plug to an E3 -LRB- 3.22 -RRB- , no gapping of the plug required and it gives that little combustion chamber a bit more compression and power . Will not hurt the Jenny.Don ' t forget to use copper high temp `` anti seize '' on the plug threads as this little unit has an aluminum head . You do n't want to remove a plug one day and find that the plug threads in the generator head have removed with it ! Buy at any auto store , put on plug threads and run around with your finger covering -LRB- not thickly -RRB- your spark plug threads , install plug as usual and you will be able to remove it easily after 100 years ... do not get this anti seize on the bottom of the plug . -LRB- the working parts -RRB- if you do just wipe it off.I have also used a BP5ES -LRB- NGK -RRB- spark plug gapped at .031 . I live in Colorado at 6,800 feet of elevation so your gapping may be different - A plug gap of .028 to .031 is recommended - do n't be afraid to experiment , the difference may astound you!Also pay attention to your air cleaner!There is a small -LRB- really small -RRB- foam air cleaner element that can be washed and dried -LRB- if dirty -RRB- and then `` oiled '' and squeezed out -LRB- removing excess oil -RRB- then reinstalled when damp with oil.Check your manual for the location -LRB- it is really small - not the manual but the air cleaner : > -RRB- -RRB- . 3 in 1 oil or any lightweight oil works fine.This will filter any small residue such as dust , a dry filter will assure you a short life of the jenny for your investment.When you are ready to shut your unit off , as with some of the reviewers , shut your petcock to the off position -LRB- the little on off fuel thingy on the side -RRB- and let the unit run the gasout of the carburetor , it will take a few minutes for it to shut down . MAKE SURE THERE IS NO LOAD ON YOUR UNIT WHEN IT IS SHUTTING DOWN NO MATTER HOW YOU SHUT IT DOWN . If there is , it 's a good way to make the windings `` bite dust and die '' . It will start easier the next time and your carb wo n't gunk up.Just trying to help , one of my jenny 's is five years old , has been used and abused and still runs like new!Later GatorsColorado
 The unit arrived undamaged and on time , despite being flown from Arizona to Kentucky , and then back across the country to Washington State -LRB- weird shipping routes -RRB- . I was SHOCKED and DISMAYED to find that some assembly was required ! The product description did not mention that ! OK , OK , just kidding . It was just the handle . It was an easy assembly -LRB- two screws/washers , and they provide a toolkit -RRB- . The manual is good and is extensive but lacks in one area
 I read many of the reviews and decided this would be my best option . It arrived today and worked exactly as described , straight out of the box . I lifted it out of the box , installed the top handle by inserting 2 screws that were provided , opened the gas line butterfly valve , poured some 2 cycle gas mix in and pulled the handle twice . It started right up , and within seconds was running smoothly . The sound level is about what you would expect from a 2 cycle weed eater idling . No problems . I have run it for about an hour without issues under a load . This generator appears to be solidly built - mostly metal .
 Great generater but had a small fuel leak from the carb bowl , otherwise for the price it is a great running machine and quiet running too .
 Reasonably quick shipping from Amazon . Free shipping is always good . No damage during shipping . I bought this primarly for camping and as others have stated it runs very quiet . Starts easy and for me the feature I like most is it uses 50/1 mixture , same as my boat motor . Others use 30/1 which meant more mixing ! Also the light weight is handy . With reasonable care this should last many years . Key word is portable . Being a retired building maintenance technician most of my 65 + years this is a product that I believe in .
 bought this to charge the batteries in my RV . so far have used it for around 6 hrs . starts first or second pull every time . i have powered a drill , vacuum cleaner all the lights on or in my RV . sound wise it is quieter then some of the cheap 4 stroke models out there . i would have to give this unit a 10 because of the price and how well it works .
 This is a great machine for the money . I use it to power my electric garden tools and chain saw . Works great . Takes two or less pulls to get it started . Below the top portion and handle it is mostly plastic . It does n't take much to crack it . I tripped over it with my steel toe boots and chipped off a piece of the plastic . Still runs fine .
 so far the generator has performed flawlessly ... starts easily and carries the load it was specified to carry . it is a little heavy to carry very far , but it is worth the effort . it runs quietly , too .
 I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews , but it turned out to be a solidly built piece of equipment . We got it 4 days after ordering , upon opening some of the styrofoam was cracked but no damage to the generator . It started on the second pull after fueling , and ran flawlessly for several hours until it was shut off . Seemed to run any power tool without a problem and never missed a beat . We got it for shore power for our rv and I think it will be great .
 Tips : This is a China product.Break it in
 Received my $ 118 -LRB- incl shipping -RRB- bargain `` Chinese '' generator from Amazon , NIB . Found it had been dropped , the foot had sunk -LRB- smashed -RRB- thru the styrofoam packing . The front panel including the air cleaner area was cracked with a piece broken off . Started and tested OK - actually runs very well . Called Amazon , `` she '' asked me `` if I send the parts at no charge , can you fixit yourself ? '' I said yes.BTW , Purchased the generator to power LiPoly battery chargers - charge RC airplane batteries at the flying field - many , of not most flying fields do not have electricity .1 -RRB- after one `` run '' , the fitting attached to the fuel tank -LRB- above the petcock -RRB- started leaking . The connection was not tight enough . This is a straight ttread -LRB- not pipe thread -RRB- with a rubber `` compression '' bushing . After removal , I wound teflon tape around the threads , and under the place where the rubber compression grommet goes , so that when fitting was screwed into the gas tank , the threads were very tight fitting -LRB- because of the teflon tape -RRB- when hand tightened . When all was aligned , tightened with wrench to apprx 8 or 10 ft-lb .2 -RRB- Replacement panel was not exactly the same - had to fabricate new mounting for the capacitor , and power plug cover , and several other tweaks to get all to fit.Disturbing Discovery ; the wiring was not packed/secured properly - wiring was in contact with several vibrating parts , causing the wiring insulation to begin wear away -LRB- chafe -RRB- - this would eventually cause a `` ground out '' -LRB- cause a short to ground -RRB- . Once the front panel was repaired , and in place -- read on ** repairmans `` pro '' tip ** . Remove the gas tank so you have access from the top . Cover the power wires with large shrink tubing -LRB- so it fits over the power wire -LRB- s -RRB- connectors -RRB- and tie wrap -LRB- somewhat loosely -RRB- - be sure that no wires touch the engine/generator or fuel tank -LRB- protect insulation from chafing -RRB- , Then put gas tank on last . Inspect wiring using flashlight to double check that no wiring is touching anything where vibration would wear away the wire insulation.Finally , I 'm still pleased with the generator considering the price . I just had to finish the `` quality '' .
 This is a well built little generator . Originally a 1973 Yamaha design sold as the ET650 , ET800 , ET950 , and ET1250 . The Chinese clones are sold under a variety of brand names including Launtop , Linhai , Wildfire , ETQ , Triron Power , Mellga , and many other private labels . The Yamahas are still available in the UK , New Zealand , and Australia . I bought one for myself after a storm left me powerless for 4 days . NEVER AGAIN . I liked it , tested it for several months , and used it for chores around the house that req 'd power . I liked them so much I bought 4 more for family members . One has failed of the 5 . the one that broke still runs , but the governor does not work . It has become dedicated as a parts mule for the other 4 gensets . The other 4 are two years old and all work flawlessly and have required no repairs . They are stored with STABIL in the fuel mix . I 'd buy more if I had room to store them.UPDATE
 For this price , you can hardly expect to get a precision-machined piece of equipment . And indeed you wo n't -- this thing is clearly made with cheap materials , and is a bit `` wobbly '' . But I 've had mine for over a year now , and have n't had any serious problems with it -- it works fine -LRB- at least mine does -RRB- . * I 've had problems with it randomly sputtering and dying out , but these are few and far between . Usually when this happens , I just shut it off , and let it cool down , and then it runs fine when I start it up 5 minutes later . * I 've run it for 150 + hours and have yet to have to change the spark plug , or replace any other parts . * It sounds loud to me , but I 'm not used to working with a generator nearby , so I 'm not sure what 's normal . And the smoke from it is nasty , but I guess that 's to be expected for a combustion engine . * I 'm able to run a satellite , 2 computers , hard drives , car battery charger , AA battery charger , phone charger , and modem/router at the same time with no problems . It 's pretty gas efficient , I can run all of that stuff for over 4 hours on less than a gallon of gas.Anyhow , for the price I paid for it , I 'm satisfied , and do n't have any regrets about choosing this one .
 Just got mine today . Arrived undamaged , I filled the fuel tank and it started right up . Plugged some of my shop tools into it and they worked fine . Seems to be built fairly sturdy . I plan of using it to power my small travel trailer battery charger when out camping . Oh and it is real quiet , just a pinch louder than the honda 1000 generator I ca n't afford.5-2011 Edit
 Length :
 Ordered on the 5th arrived on the 8th . Pretty good for free shipping . Arrived in one piece , no breakage . One gas tank capscrew was cross threaded and stuck out a bit . Fortunately , I removed it and carefully started it straight and it went home fine . Gassed it up and gave it a minute to fill the bowl , and it started on the third pull . I think they did a really good job of suppressing all the harsh high frequency sounds , the remaining sound is low frequency exhaust and ball bearing noise . I plugged in my dual 500 watt halogen work light and it took first one 500 watt load , then both , with good governor response . I let it run for about half an hour with one lamp on and checked the noise level in the house . You would need to listen carefully to tell if it was running . It does reek of coil varnish and will sit outside for a couple days for that to dissipate . It runs very smoothly under load for a 2 stroke and seems much happier at 3600 RPM than most of the 4 strokes I 've heard . When hot , there is a little spark knock at idle but it runs well altogether . I 'll put a scope on it one of these days , but the power should be cleaner than any inverter I can afford.You would n't want to carry it very far , but you would n't want to carry most generators at all . And here , where we have snow and slop much of the year , the roll cage with wheels types cease to be portable as soon as it snows.This one can go anyplace on the property or in the car trunk to anywhere . It 's too bad they deleted the 12V output , but it should work with a battery charger for that case.It seems to be jetted a bit on the lean side , actually probably correctly , but without the tweak toward rich usually added to make sure it does n't starve out when moved . But for this fixed speed , stationary application , that 's probably OK and saves a little gas and emission . With the only maintenance item being the spark plug and the air cleaner , they 've made this as close to appliance grade as a generator can be . It 's still probably not ideal for the totally clueless , but it does n't take much mechanical savvy to run it . I must say I 'm impressed , especially at this price point . 500 hours down the road , I 'll be really impressed . If it gets me through one emergency and some utility use , I 'd say it 's an excellent buy for what it provides .
 I purchased this on a recomendation from a friend and also from reading many reviews . I do a lot of camping , mud bogs and off road events . This generator will power lights , a coffee maker , -LRB- at one time only , or any combo up to 1200 watts -RRB- , small electric heater . and such . It lasts aprox 10 hours on a tank of fuel . Low noise -LRB- behind a pop up ca n't even hear it -RRB- . I have a small driver camper and it has a 3000 w Onan . This little generator is mounted on the rear bumper and works great . I have it running the fridge and AC -LRB- fan only -RRB- going down the road . 1 gallon for ten hour versus pulling the Onan from the fuel tank . Its really a good little generator . You wo n't be dissapointed . Dan
 I purchased this generator in Nov 2008 and shipped it by airto my beach place -LRB- checked as luggage -RRB- . On the trip it musthave been treated badly since it arrived with 2 legs missing.I started it , and worked like a charm . Since then , I have used it forlighting -LRB- 2-3 rooms -RRB- , laptop charging , and to power a 1/2 HP waterpump.However , here is what really prompted me to write this review.A few days ago I left it on a ledge , about 5 ftfrom a concrete ground . I did not secure it well enoughand it fell ... making a terriblenoise , like all the metal parts were gone.Well ... . the machine started like nothing had everhappened to it . It 's sound is good and it delivers power.So ... I am not an expert in generators , but this one getsmy endorsemente
 I used this generator about ten times in the past 9 months . It started , and worked flawlessly every time . I made meals with it in the South Dakota Badlands on a 1000w hot plate , and made numerous pots of coffee . It 's light enough to lug around on a road trip ...
 There are too many circumstances that can knock out the electricty . I live in Ohio and have experienced two large power outages in the last six months . In September of 08 we dealt with the remnants of a hurricane that caused a giant wind storm , which disrupted electric service to the area for nearly a week . Then , in early February of '09 we had an ice storm that disrupted power to some homes in Ohio and nearly all of Kentucky . Having a small generator like this is an absolute necessity and an extremely valuable resource . Considering the low price , it can ' be understated how valuable this generator can be . Having the ability to power things like a radio , television , laptop , fan , refrigerator , heater , water pump , or lamp is crucial during a power outage or a crisis situation . I live in an apartment and this is small enough to store in my spare room and , when I need it , I can place it on my patio and run an extension cord inside . I 'm very happy with this purchase and recommend that every household should have an alternate means of providing electricity .
 So far so good with this unit . I only have 2.5 hours of run time on it with no issues . It sips gasoline and is much quieter than I expected for such an inexpensive unit . The build quality seem better than your typical `` made in china '' products.The unit started easily after the first few pulls . The only complaint that comes to mind is that the fuel pickup is not the lowest point in the tank , so the generator will turn off with a small amount of fuel still left in the tank .
 For the money , it 's a great generator . Packaging and shipping is the questionable part . Mine arrived with the bottom of the box nearly falling apart . Also , there 's little to no protection for the spark plug sticking out . They should redesign the packaging or have the end user install the spark plug.Mine started right up after fueling . There is a little measuring cup built into the gas tank cap , so you can put normal gas into the tank and then fill the cup -LRB- to the line -RRB- with oil and let it mix in the tank.Initially , I did n't have any voltage -LRB- AC or DC -RRB- coming out while the generator was running . I noticed a wire and plug was loose behind the choke lever area . Once I plugged that loose wire in , I had voltage . I did n't have to disassemble anything to do this , just reached in with long-nosed pliers and pressed it in.The first thing I noticed upon starting the generator was how quiet it is . Not as quiet as the 1000 or 2000 Honda , but not bad at all . You can hold a conversation while standing over it . It 's quieter than the electric chainsaw or skill saw I plugged into it . With a 50ft extension cord , you can barely hear it running . I equate its sound level to an average small car 's engine running at fast idle in the morning . You now its running , but it 's not bad at all.You have to screw the carrying handle onto the gas tank . It comes with two washers to put under the handle . Well , I did n't tighten those screws enough , because once I filled the gas tank and started carrying it around , gas seeped from around those two screws . Once I tightened them -LRB- really tight -RRB- , it all sealed up and did n't leak . So , make sure you tighten those two handle screws really well.The air filter is really easy to get at , which is nice . Also , the carb has a drain screw , which not all of the cheap generators have . Also , there 's a fuel shutoff petcock valve , so I just turn that off and let it run out of fuel when I 'm done with it.Speaking of fuel , I am really impressed with how fuel efficient it is . I ran it for two long afternoons using my electric pole chainsaw -LRB- maybe four hours each day -RRB- and it only went through 3/4 of a gallon of gas.Overall , it seems to be built really solid . The only exception is the one 120v electrical outlet . The plastic panel this is mounted to is not secured very well . If you do a lot of plugging and unplugging , I 'd recommend a pigtail splitter to leave in place to reduce the wear and tear on the outlet . This is the only negative aspect I could find in the design.Again , for the money , it 's a great deal .
 Excellent product . I saw someone using one of these at a campground and was impressed by the noise level . Now that said , understand that this is only a 1200 watt surge rating , 1000 watt continuous . I looked at others that had a 1200 watt surge , but only 800 wats continuous . I also read somewhere that this particular unit used copper windings , while some others use aluminum . Do n't know if thats true , but it was worth considering . What really put me over the top was Amazon 's free shipping . It took about 1 week to receive a notice that the unit was shipped and that it could be expected to arrive in about 7 days . It arrived in only 2 !!! Do exactly what they tell you in the owners manual before starting it . Mine started on the fifth pull -LRB- probably because I forget to turn the switch on !! -RRB- But it statred on the first pull thereafter . You can easily stand over it and carry on a conversation without shouting , and walking 10 feet away is not an issue . No smoking like most 2 cycles I 've owned . Suggestions
 Used it to power my t.v and my HTPC during the Halloween snow storm in the northeast . That pretty much maxed out the generator . Great generator for the price , but if you want to run anything more , get a bigger generator . This is more a portable camping generator . Runs about 5 hours full load on the 1 gallon tank of gas . I am very happy with my order .
 The little guy fired right up on first pull . It needs to have about a fifty per cent load for the engine to run at a good speed and maintain a pretty steady voltage I would use a line conditioner if I plugged in sensitve electronics . Such as computer or expensive TV . But for lights or hot plate its clean enough !
 got this so when power is out we have tv and lights dont need anything else heat with wood can cook to if have too , it fired right up on my test run if I have any problems I let you all know
 I purchased this generator specifically becuase I was looking for a QUIET , easy to operate , easy to transport generator . This ETQ was everything it was advertised to be . Even though I have had rotator cuff repair in my right shoulder , I can carry this generator with ease . It does n't take up a lot of room and it was as quiet as I was expecting . Set up directions were easy to folloe and in no time it was up and running . It took a couple pulls the first time I started it and I had to leave the choke turned up for a few minutes , but after that it started with the first pull every time and I could leave the choke on the low setting . The generator was packaged in a thick styrafoam packing in a sturdy cardboard box . It was damage free and arrived within 7 days of regular delivery . . Overall I am extremely pleased with my purchase of this generator .
 I 've had this little gen out on 3 camping -LRB- remote -RRB- trips thus far and it 's been working OK . It is loud so I put it out about 75 feet and that has worked great ! I called the factory regarding the oil mix -- they said and I agreed the mix of 50:1 is too LEAN !!! Use a 40:1 mix . I also put a squirt of stabilizer and mystery oil in the tank and use premium fuel -LRB- less junk -RRB- . So thus far I think I got a good deal for what I use it for and I would tell anybody to buy one - just use common sense when using it.Update -- We 're into Oct now and I got to say this little gem has been nothing but good to me . I feel bad for the others that report problems , because I certainly have not . Maybe it 's because I use the 40:1 mix , premium fuel , and some additives as stated above . I also shut off the fuel and let it run dry thus removing any in the bowl . I start it every week and let it run 10 minutes . It 's loud but it 's a 2 stroke ! Thanks for looking .
 Used it during Irene . It 's quiet and uses little fuel . Runs smooth under load . It kept my basement dry when I lost power . For me , great buy .
 Bought this for tailgating . Have used for two seasons w/o any trouble at all . Maybe a little noisy but we put it away from us and it is more than acceptable . Other -LRB- quieter -RRB- brands are HUNDREDS of $ $ more , so this is a great value . Powerful enough to run what we want -LRB- TV , blow up mascot , some odd and ends things like crock pots , etc. -RRB- Good running time for fuel capacity . Easy to start and use -LRB- but we do start it on a regular basis to keep it in tune -- recommended by manufacturer -RRB- . Would buy another and recommend it for this use .
 Got the generator for lightning my power panel which I needed to replace . Worked fine the first 6 hours . Next day , fuel was running out of the carburetor . No expertise here , but took off float bowl , air cleaner cover , sprayed choke/carburetor cleaner , and applied air pressure . Still , same problem . Used flashlight and batteries to finish my panel wiring . Next day took bowl apart and noticed gas inside the plastic float . Drained float and put a thin coat of Krazy Glue around the seam where it seemed to be leaking . With a smile , put it back together , but same problem of leaking gas around the carburetor . Next day , took bowl apart , experimented with the float tang that regulates gas flow at the pin valve , and finally success . Local small engine repair folks told me they knew of nothing that would work other than a replacement float . Had used similar glue on an outboard motor lower gear housing and still working fine after several years .
 This works fine ... we 've used it to power ham radio gear during a 36 hour race . Very small and gets great `` gas mileage '' when using it to power a 2m mobile and a few lights .
 I ordered and received my TG1200 generator just about a month ago , and have been playing with it . I was a little nervous about ordering it after reading some bad reviews , but I 'm glad I did order it . Seems that a lot of the bad issues have been corrected or I was just lucky in getting a well put together generator.After unpacking , reading the directions , and filling it with the gas/oil mixture , it fired up the fourth pull ! While it was idling I made a phone call on my cellphone while standing beside it . My buddy could n't believe we could carry on a conversation without yelling or even raising our voices . It probably is n't as quiet as the Honda equivalent , but hey I spent under $ 150 not over $ 700 , so I 'm not whining about noise level . I am using it to run my converter in my Class B motorhome and recharge the Van 's deep cycle battery at the same time.My only complaint is that the 12volt battery charging cable is too short . I had to construct a longer one so the generator could sit on the ground .
 Eastern Tools & Equipment TG1200 1,200 Watt 2 HP 2-Cycle Gas Powered Portable Generator -LRB- Non-CARB Compliant -RRB- Excellentbuy , works great .
 this little generator does exactly what it should and its very easy to start and use and with amazons free shipping its an awesome value im considering getting another before prices go up , I would recomend this if you want a small easy to use generater at a great price ... very happy
 Fired up right away and works well.Does exactly what I had intended it for .
 Gassed it up and started on third or forth pull , which is normal for not having had gas in carburetor . Grabbed a 13/4 horsepower circular saw rated at 10 amps -LRB- 1200 watts -RRB- and it started and ran -LRB- it did take a bit longer to come up to speed than it does plugged into the wall -RRB- . I just sold my 20 year old 5kw generator . It was heavy , hard to start , noisy , and it would burn 5gal of gas overnight -LRB- it only had about 20 hrs -RRB- . I have not had to put this in service yet , but it seems tight like it will have no problem running all night.It is very quiet , light to move , and easy to start . I think my wife or son would have no problem starting or moving it around , if I 'm out of town . I bought this mainly to run our furnace blower during power outages . It should run quietly all night on less than a gal of gas.I will probably buy another bigger generator later to run a microwave or possibly an air conditioner , but it will be newer running on LP and definitely have overhead valves .
 Runs good . Circular saw makes it rev. Sound level ok . Great deal for the money spent .
 I was worried to buy this generator after I was reading all the other evaluations ... for nothing . It turned out to be a great buy!Super fast shipping from Amazon - in less than 48 hours in front of my door with super saver shipping -LRB- free -RRB- . No problem about transport damage - the generator was packed in a heavy and strong box , sitting in a item shaped styrophom casing - safe ... Unpacked , manual consulted , gas and oil filled -LRB- super easy -RRB- , and cranked.Started at the first stroke ! Run for a few seconds rough , then right away very smooth.I was primarily surprised about the low noise level . It has a low dump sounding and smooth running noise , even on my closed in balcony . I hardly could hear the noise when I just closed the balcony door . Incredible!The worksmenship looks trustworthy and I believe the generator will hold up - just listening to the smooth engine sound to realize that this engine will hold up some milage.The fill in lid comes with measuring cap to get the right amount of oil to the gasoline and everything looks like well thought out and easy to handle . Easy for anyone , technical touched or with to left hands super easy and simple.The instructions are clear and fast understandable - it took about five minutes to get to the start up.Again , amazing is the low noise level . The mufler does its job , and the strong rubber feet take 100 % care of any vibration.I obviously can not tell if this generator lives for many years in service of construction sites - I live in a hurricane area and need the back up in case we are again for a long period out of electricity -LRB- two years ago for two weeks -RRB- . I am confident that this generator will do a superior job for that purpose . He produces enough power to run a regular fritch to keep things from spoiling , runs a large TV , and charges my computer system , besides providing light . It appears that the frequenz modulation is alright too because I had no problems with electronic equipment.It also has a 12 Volt hook up and even clamps for battery charging are supplied . Nevertheless , there is only one single receptacle - means you will need a multiple T to hook up more lines . I would also certainly recommend to use a multiple plug in like you use for electronic or computer equipment to avoid damage due to voltage fluctuations - just in case ... Simple to use - good quality - dependable - highly recommendable ! -LRB- I am writing all this , because I was lost reading all the other evaluations and like to help making the right decissions -RRB-
 We bought this after severe thunderstorms put us without power for nearly a week.This unit will drive 1 sum pump , maybe 2 , but that is really it . This is all we need it for and therefore we think it is worth the price.If you need to drive a freezer/fridge and sump pumps you will need a 3250 watt unit . If you want to hook your airco in as well starts looking at a 5000 watt unit.This one , again , helps save us from waterdamage and is GREAT to have on camping trips . It is quiet and relatively fuel efficient if you give it little tasks.The unit is the size of a small ice cooler and weighs a bit more . We have used it several times and it is steady and reliable like a diesel train
 I bought this generator to use on my boat . I paid $ 176 at Pep Boys and could n't be more pleased . I plugged it directly in my boat AC input and ran all my AC appliances with no trouble . A boat generator is $ 7000 . What a steal!When you start it , be sure the ON/OFF switch is ON and the fuel shut off is ON . Choke it all the way and when it starts , move the choke to off . Not a big deal once you have the procedure down . If you are having trouble than you are doing something wrong . It is noiser than the more expensive units but that does n't bother me since I use it outdoors.You can always pay $ 700 more for a quieter unit but to me its not worth the extra money . I also did n't find it greasy or smelly .
 After checking the e-auctions , local shops , etc. , looking for a small generator for remote tool power , the Amazon offer of free shipping for the same wattage generator sold me . This little generator is only 1200 watts/max 15 amps , but it does what it is designed for -- low load remote or emergency use . Warrantee wise , it has a 1 yr . certification and in CA a 2 yr . exhaust warranty -- not bad for $ 100 . As with most mechanical items , it pays to read and re-read the instructions before gassing up this power box . I had to clean the air filter -LRB- Hey , new machines have clean air filters , right ? Not always . -RRB- after starting the engine and having it die out regardless of choke settings . -LRB- This remedy is noted in the well documented instruction book -RRB- Once that was taken care of , it was off to the races . This thing starts on at least the second pull every time , is relatively quiet , and uses very little gas . The downside of mixing oil with the gas is made easier with the measuring cup built into the gas cap -- one cap of oil to one gallon of gas and you 're done . All in all , for the money/features/free shipping it is hard to beat this deal .
 I originally purchased this generator for tail gating to power a fan when it is 100 degrees in the shade here in Texas . It was small enough for me to lift and would n't be a storage problem . That is true , but ... Before I could even think about the next football game , Hurricane Ike hit . This generator was a champion . Even though small , it kept my small upright freezer going and saved the food in it as well as the food in the refrigerator 's freezer . I would let the freezer run for 3 or 4 hours , then changed to a 19 '' TV , satellite receiver , and 2 small lamps in the evening . This baby just kept on running . Eventually , I even added my laptop computer and my cable internet connection , but I did turn off one of the lamps . It even ran a small 4 cup coffee pot each morning.I was never able to put a full gallon of gas in , but that did n't seem to bother anything . It never stopped unless I turned it off and I ran it for up to 41/2 hours at a time . It is n't quiet - but even with the windows open , if I closed the door the noise became just a constant hum.I highly recommend this for anyone in hurricane country or anyone else who needs a little added boost for camping or tail gating or whatever makes you happy . It is a wonderful , reliable product . For the price , I do n't think it can get much better than this .
 Even with super saver free shipping , I had this generator less than 3 days after I placed the order ! It started right up on the 2nd pull , no problems . For the test run i plugged a few lights in to it , and it did not bog down at all . I guess i wont find out this things limits until we have an ice or snow storm and lose power , but I am confident it will run a light , a small heater or a small TV with no problems . Thrilled with Amazon 's quick delivery with zero shipping damage . One note , this thing puts out a serious amount of exaust for its size but if you use it as instructed i am sure there would be no issues .
 This is a small , relatively quiet generator that starts easily . But note
 I tested this generator with my fridge ,19 inch TV and a light at the same time , has no problem starting the fridge , I 'm ready for the next ice storm . Fast shipping from amazon at a great price , very happy .
 Eastern Tools & Equipment TG1200 1,200 Watt 2 HP 2-Cycle Gas Powered Portable Generator -LRB- Non-CARB Compliant -RRB- RReceived this generator the day before Hurricane Ike came through . It started on the 1st pull , and after connecting each appliance in sequence , about 5 minutes apart , was able to run the TV , refrigerator , and freezer with no problemsEven running all appliances at same time , only used about a gallon of gas per 6 hour period.Well worth the price .
 Let me say first of all that I just got this generator yesterday . Delivery was VERY fast I had no problems . I ordered the generator on Sunday night about 9pm and had it just after noon on Tuesday . Some of the reviews on here said that the generator came damaged but mine showed up in mint condition.The generator seems very well built , nothing that screams cheap plastic that wont last . I followed the instructions on starting it for the first time and on about the 9th or 10th pull of the cord it fired up and ran great . After allowing it to run for a few minutes I got out my shop-vac and hooked it up , it ran the shop-vac with no problems.I bought this generator for tailgating at THE Ohio State University and we will use it for the first time this weekend so I will follow up these initial impressions with more information after that.For $ 129 and free shipping I dont think you can beat this deal.Follow-up
 I bought this lil ' guy for LSU Tiger tailgating but unfortunately Hurricane Gustav has postponed any `` game '' action thus far . I caught grief in preperation from family as they all purchased larger generators prior to the storm . 11 : OO AM Monday 9/1/08 we lose power ... it 's show time . Second crank and for the next 55 hours the TG1200 pretty much ran non-stop . It easily powered two fans , several lights , TV and satellite . Periodically I unplugged the fans and powered up the refrigerator . I only used about 7.5 gallons of gas too ! Best $ 119.00 I ever spent !!!
 I 've got a larger generator , but also keep this little gem on hand as a last resort in case the bigger unit fails ... a second backup if you will . It 's enough to run a refrigerator/freezer or a sump pump , and also keep a couple lamps and a small TV or radio on.This little generator is exceedingly light and compact , and would be very convenient to put in the trunk and take along . Runs super quiet and , being 2 stroke , there are no periodic oil changes to worry about . Easy to pull start . At this price , you should have one around .
 Faced with the week and a half without electricity after an October snowstorm took out our whole area , I ordered this generator to be delivered 2 days later . Opened the box , attached the handle , mixed the fuel , ran an extension cord and I was able to continue working with two of my computers as well as charge all the cell phones and laptops . In short this generator turned a wasted week into productive time for my business . No problems at all .
 We got this great little 2-cycle generator to power the fridge and lights at our remote hunting camp . We easily power one 20 cubic foot fridge/freezer pulling ~ 800 running watts , 6 fluorescent light bulbs , and the odd electronic we have plugged in.I still could n't believe how cheap this generator was compared to others in its power range . We 've been using it for about 6 months and have probably kept it running for a total of 200 + hours so far without a hitch . Because it 's a 2 cycle engine it does require you to mix the gas/oil , but this is very simple once you get used to it . It is also fairly quiet for a 2-cycle engine . I see us using this generator for years to come .
 For the cost I could not beat this generator after I gassed it up it started on the second pull . For small loads and charging my batteries in my RV works great . Now the bad side , shipping was beyond terrible , unit was ordered using the super saver free shipping and never got to my house , Amazon sent shipping documents but after calling UPS , UPS stated that not only had they never picked it up there was no supporting documents to request it being picked up . I then complained to Amazon who refunded the full cost and issued a coupon discount if I wanted to reorder and also made it a 2 day delivery at no extra cost . So they made it good .
 I have not opened the box yet because I 'm sending it to Europe but it was fast shipping it seems like it was described .
 i got this 4 my parents because a hurricain was heading tward our area , shipped express from ups , got there quick . we have never had to use it thank god but its there if we need it
 After several power outages due to the summer thunderstorms recently , I started shopping for a small generator that would power a few lights and a fan or two . I did n't want a large unit that would be hard to handle and when I found this ETQ TG1200 I knew it was what I was looking for . I read the reviews on it and they were almost all positive . I received very fast shipping and it arrived in excellent condition . The first time I cranked it up it took about 3 or 4 pulls to get it started ... since then it will start on the second pull just about every time . It runs a lot quieter than I expected and I am very pleased with it 's performance . The next time I lose power ... I 'll be ready to go . It wo n't power the whole house but it will do what it 's intended to do and for what I wanted it to do .
 I had initially ordered a small generator from a different company and when it was backordered for a long period , I saw this one at Amazon . This one was slightly larger than the one I had ordered . I liked the review I read on this so I ordered it . It was exactly what I needed . I am an electrical contractor and when doing service upgrades , I need a unit that will power a hammer drill and a light while the power is disconnected . This unit works great ; and as a plus , it is much quieter than I thought it would be . I would highly recommend this unit for someone that does n't need a lot of power but is looking for a lightweight , quiet unit .
 I bought this off of Amazon for $ 130 with shipping and was pleasantly surprised . I use this for our camp trailer and it has been great . It will run everything except the AC . The generator is a bit louder than a Honda 2000 but for the money you ca n't go wrong .
 I bought this generator for my Boyfriend for Christmas - he has a diesel truck that needs a little warming up every once in awhile - i live in town , so it is difficult to stretch a power cord across the public street/sidewalk - he LOVES this generator - we camp -LRB- and tailgate -RRB- quite frequently as well - enough to power the diesel but light enough that i can manage it -LRB- I am about 5 foot and 125 pounds !! -RRB- Great product for the proce - shipped directly - no complaints .
 I take this to my Football Giant tailgates . Its has worked beautifully for 2 years and last for hours , powering the TV . Always starts right away .
 Bought this to power our small camper trailer while camping . The first one I recieved had the air cleaner cover and the rest of the plate -LRB- plastic -RRB- shattered . . Do n't really inderstand how because the box was in perfect condition . . Anyway , Amazon replaced after a little bit of arguing -LRB- they do n't let you return gasoline equipment . . Had a little trouble starting the first time , but after that it 's been fine . . Have not used campin yet , but it seems quiet enough and powers the things I need it to .
 Received this generator very quick . no damage , read instructions , screw handle on , filled premix oil gas , started in 3 pulls!Very good product for the money . I would buy another 1 , also very quiet.choke it to start then put choke off to right to run.make sure handle is tight with gaskets furnished or it will leak gas ... excellent quality !!
 First one received had a broken motor mount so had to send it back . That is all right because the price had dropped to 119 with free shipping so it worked in my favor . The second one received was in perfect shape . Just put fuel in it and it fired right up . So far it runs well a power drill and an electric mower . Have n't tested it too extensively yet though . Will post more later .
 I just bought one of these and , for what it is , it is fantastic !! The one downside is that it uses a 2-stroke engine . Of course , the one upside is that it uses a 2-stroke engine . When you 're done with it , run it out of gas . When you get ready to use it again , put in a fresh gas/oil mixture and it starts right up . No oil to change , go gas to go bad and it 's quiet.I purchased mine at Checker Auto Parts for $ 99.00 !! That 's as cheap or cheaper than a similar DC-AC converter and you do n't have to hook it up to a battery to use it . The 12V charging option -LRB- with the included cord -RRB- is great for camping . I highly recommend this little gem .
 I 've bought three of these for myself and relatives and they work exactly as advertised , if you do a couple of things first . Please read the instructions - mine calls for 89 octane gas , 87 will kill it . Replace the cheap sparkplug it comes with with an Autolite 64 or NGK BP5ES but do it AFTER break-in . Break it in properly -LRB- which is not explained in the book -RRB- . Run the first tank at a 40:1 ratio and run it for differing lengths of time and under different loads . Two-stroke motors are very sensitive to break in . Replace the plug , gap the new one to .024 and then use a carefully measured 50:1 gas/oil mix . These people talking about low oil shutdown have no clue how a two-stroke works . And if you use motor oil instead of two-stroke , it should run for about fifteen minutes before it seizes for good.Use a high quality two-stroke oil , mix it properly with your 89 octane gas , add fuel stabilizer designed for ethanol impregnated gas and run it dry after every use by simple turning off the fuel petcock and letting it run until it dies.Follow these simple instructions and you 'll have a little workhorse that is light enough to tote around a campsite or a race track . Mine has probably run 100 hours already with hurricanes and snowstorms and various track events and it 's never missed a beat . Lots of racing buddies have also bought it and not a one has experienced some of the horror stories here - but they followed the directions .
 I looked for a small generator for months and finally bought the Eastern Tool TQ1200 version of this standard Chinese import.First
 This is a nice generator for the cost . The unit arrived broken , which seems to be an issue with these . The packaging left a lot to be desired . The factory packaging is likely designed to have the unit strapped with other units on a pallet , not well designed for UPS/FEDEX shipping . Amazon took care of the problem and I am pleased with their response . Be sure to inspect for damage BEFORE putting gas in , from their questions I believe I would have had to deal with the manufacturer had I done so . The unit started flawlessly and runs well . The unit is rated PEAK at 1200Watts which means 1000watts is about it 's best performance level . It is very quiet , about as much as a leaf blower or shop-vac . One of the nicest features a 2-cycle engine is there is no oil or oil filter to change . One of the worst things about a 2-cycle engine is that you have to mix the gas with oil . This means you cant just fill it with plain old gasoline , which might be confusing for some.I purchased this unit for my camper and the camper runs mostly on 12VDC . The model that amazon sells has not been made with the 12VDC output ! if you search the web for a manual for this model , you can find it and it shows the 12VDC output . This one came with a manual that had this information removed . Amazon is somewhat short on this type of info and does not specifically state anything about it . Kinda sly of them not to post that info , but I cant fault them . Its kind of like buying a different model with the same model number on it.Also , the unit was a but bigger than I expected . Its still quite small , just not what I thought it should be.overall
 One of the best features of this generator is it 's compact size and portability . It 's perfect for on the go generating of power for small to midsize equipments like notebook computers or handheld dvd players . It 's got 1200 watts total so that means it could also pack quite a punch if you need it . Overall , as long as a new and not a questionably used one is purchased , then it should work just fine .
 I bought this for my father since he loves to go to Canada fishing . He likes the light weight and easy stowing of it . Shipping was quicker than what it stated as well . A good value .
 I have been using this tough little beast for 2 months straight -LRB- I 've used 7 gallons of fuel as a reference -RRB- and it is still going strong . I 've been working on my hunting cabin , and there are days that I run the generator for 8 + hours continuously . Mostly it 's just powering lights and charging batteries and powering my radio and T.V. but it has no problem powering my 10amp power saw that I 'm using to build the cabin.The voltage regulator has been protecting my T.V. and battery chargers . The gas tank has a built in screen cup that catches dirt and junk that falls in while refueling . I had no idea how much crud drops in while fueling until I saw it in the cup . This will help the fuel filter last a lot longer .
 works good , use to power micro . coffee maker , george forman grill in a over road truck . use it about 2 hrs a day
 This little generator powers my refrigerator , 40 inc LCD TV and a fan at the same time . About the noise its like a grass trimmer or less noisy . The only Cons would be sometimes its a pain to turn it on .
 Purchased this unit basically to keep our trailer batteries charged while camping and to run a few small appliances and the microwave . The unit came packaged well , started right up , has run flawlessly thus far , and is very small and easy to transport . We ride and race 2-stroke dirt bikes and this unit uses the same 50:1 mix ratio so we always have mixed fuel handy . The unit is very quiet , easy to start , and has good run time . Tough to beat considering the price .
 I bought this unit to power a Jugs pitching machine . Jugs sells a 1000W generator manufactured by Yamaha for north of $ 700 . This generator has worked perfectly at a fraction of the price . I am sure it is not the quality of the Yamaha but no more time than we put on the unit I expect many more seasons out of it .
 THIS MAKES THE 3RD ONE OF THESE LITTLE GENERATORS I HAVE PURCHASED AND ONCE AGAIN I AM VERY HAPPY !! TOOK IT OUT OF THE BOX FILLED WITH 50/50 GAS MIXTURE BEFORE I TURNED ON THE SWITCH I PULLED ON THE STARTER CORD A COUPLE GENTLE TIMES TO PRIME THE SPARK PLUG AND THEN TURNED ON THE START SWITCH AND PUT ON CHOKE IT STARTED FIRST PULL AND AFTER LETTING IT RUN A COUPLE MINITS TOOK THE CHOKE OFF AND IT RUNS LIKE A TOP !!! WE DO ALOT OF PRIMATIVE CAMPING AND THERE ARE DAYS I HAVE RUN THEASE 6 OR 7 HOURS STRIGHT THEY HAVE NEVER LET ME DOWN MY OTHER ONE IS STILL RUNNING I KNOW IT HAS TO HAVE OVER 200 HOURS ON IT SO YES IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A SMALL GENERATOR FOR CAMPING OR HOME USE YOU CANT BEAT THEASE FOR THE PRICE !!! I KNOW AT SOME POINT IN THE FUTURE ANOTHER ONE WILL BE PURCHASED !!! THEY ARE NOT LOUD AT ALL BUT A LITTLE TRICK TAKE IT TO A LAWN MOWER FIX IT SHOP AND HAVE A SMALL MUFFLER TACK WELDED ON -- IT WILL BE AS QUIET AS THE $ 800 HONDA GENERATORS SHHHH DONT TELL ANY ONE MY TRICK TO DROP IT ANOTHER 10DB IN SOUND . . -- LOL
 I have had a similar experience to many of the other reviewers . No damage on receipt , but it was difficult to get it started the first time . The engine does not have one of those little primer bulbs on the carburetor to prime it with gas . As a result , the first time you put gas in it and try to start it requires a lot of tugging on the starter rope . Once I got it started , it started fairly easy after that . I tried it the next day and it started right up . UPDATE - I let it sit for a while and I have not been able to get it started again . I have tried everything and it will not start . Piece of JUNK
 Once again a smooth purchase from Amazon . Generator was received on time in good shape . Easy to understand manual . Tested the Generator twice for about 1/2 hour each time using a 100 watt bulb . Everything appears to be working as it should . Very bearable operating noise level . This is a small generator rated at 1200 watts-don ' t expect it to power all your home needs during service outages . My plan is to use the generator to power my pellet stove -LRB- draws less than a 100 watt bulb -RRB- and at times my refridgerator -LRB- energy star rated that also does n't draw much -RRB- and a couple of low wattage lamps strategically placed through the house during winter outages.This Generator is powered by a two-cycle engine that requires 50:1 gas oil mix .
 This has proven to be a great generator for it 's size . It starts reliabily as long as it is choked . The only reason I did n't give this 5 stars is the write-up on Amazon is incorrect . One place says 5.5 hours at 50 % load and the detailed information from ETQ further in the description says upto 8 hours at 50 % load -LRB- 5.5 hours at 100 % load -RRB- . When the box came , the packaging says 6.5 hours @ 50 % power . So which one is right ? I was hoping to get about 8 hours and if you read the All Power America generator write-up in Amazon , it gets 8.5 hours @ 50 % power . I assumed this generator would get about 8 hours too . I was wrong . Sellers need to be more accurate with description material . Without being able to see/touch/read the box , you really do n't know what you 're getting anymore . Thats the downfall from Amazon and other on-line sellers . If I had it to do over , I 'd bought the All Power America generator - really needed 8 continuous hours of running to get me through the night ! Other than the run time , this generator has been very good and reliable .
 I bought this so I could have some power while camping out for a Nascar race.The generator worked great , kept our cell phones and tablets charged . Also used it to power a few fans to help keep us cool . It was great not having to rely on a vehicle 's cigarette lighter for power!The only drawback I can see is that there 's really no way to see how much gas you 're putting in . I bought a 5-gallon jug , which was more than enough for the weekend . I just could n't really tell how much gas to pour in , so it was hard to determine if the generator met the `` active time '' standard.Great for emergencies , but only to power a few things using relatively minor power .
 I am the happy owner now of both Eastern Tool 's TG3000 and this TG1200.Just got it yesterday and put the handle on it today and looked it over good . This little sucker is well built.I continue to be impressed with both TG models I have for the little money spent.This little guy reminds me of a small Sherman tank.I can tell it 's going to be a good one . I 'll have to update later after I 've used it a time or two . Both my generators are for household backup in case of commercial power failure so I do n't get to use them often like a contractor would , etc. I pulled the crank slowly on it , and it is very smooth with a lot of compression . No damage was noticed anywhere.It came packed well and very fast . Super Saver shipping ordered on a Sunday very early in the morning and arrived on the Tuesday after!Can ' t wait to fire this little mother up !
 Great Deal . Shipped quick . A little hard to start at first . Better after a brief run in . It leaks a little gas when sitting for a few days but just turn off the gas valve to solve this . It performs very well with my 60 minute test of running a small TV . Cant beat for the money .
 Product arrived as scheduled in excellant condition . Have not used it to date but it appears to be everything I expected .
 Lost power when Irene blew through New Hampshire . I picked this generator up in February of this year thinking it would be nice to have just in case . Well I 'm using it now and it works great ! It was a little hard to start at first but I pulled the plug and gave it a couple shots of starter spray and it kicked off . There is a gas shutoff valve and it is n't clear which way to turn it to turn the gas on . So that may have been it . I did n't have the instructions nearby . Who-ever does ? I think I 'll mark it later with a sharpie.Since that first startup , I 've had no trouble re-starting it after adding gas . I 'd run it dry , add some and start it on the second pull.Once running , it runs for around five plus hours on a tank . It holds about 3/4 of a gallon and sips fuel . If the tank were another half gallon it could run all night which would be really nice . I may have to modify it . : - -RRB- No complaints here . It 's already paid for itself in my book . If it died tomorrow I 'd still say I got my money 's worth . It 's been hooked up to my fridge , cell phone charger , laptop and a desk lamp . I do n't know if it would run my oil furnace or not . It might not handle the start up current . But it 's worked great ... going on day three now.No gripes here .
 UPDATE
 it is a small and 45.40 pounds , but worth every dime quiet , starts easily . 1200 watts maximum but it 's only meant for small jobs , and its voltage regulation is n't great , but it gets the job done . I use this for rc racing at sites with out power of it own . Works will and it can play music from my laptop keep the volume low .
 This generator worked great for power outages and camping and it is pretty quiet overall a best buy would do buisness again .
 I was fortunate enough to receive this generator as a Christmas present . Mine works great . Our hunting camp is on the high desert of West Texas , the only power & water is what we carry into camp . This generator is quiet , easy to start and sparing on the fuel . Paul S Parker ,
 We purchased this little puppy after a more expensive unit was stolen from us . We use it to operate a 900 watt boat lift and it works like a champ . To our surprise It is much more quiet than our 1800 watt four stroke was . Because it is a two stroke we always turn the fuel valve off and let it run until it shuts down . If we do n't it is very hard to restart . So far so good . Great value for the price . Ultimately time will tell .
 I bought this for use on a scoreboard for my local Little league . Works like a charm . Very quite . starts right up . Never a problem . Highly recommend this item . For the price you can not do better .
 Bought this generator 2 years ago to use for camping . I am a 50 year old female and maintain my own camping trailer . There is no electric where I camp -LRB- private property -RRB- along with other family members . This great little ` baby ' starts for me every time , within 2 pulls . Never had a problem with it . It runs my lights , fridge , tv , water pump , charges my battery , etc without a problem . Its easy for me to lift and move to where I need it . Its also very quiet compared to other generators at this size . I would , and have , recommended this generator to others ! -LRB- 2 family members have bought one based on how well mine works and there are 2 more ready to buy one this summer -RRB-
 I use this gen for back up of comp and tv and a couple lights . Also , will run my circ saw . Starts right up quiet operation , and is all the power I need . Would recommend to anyone
 We bought this small generator to take on camping trips . We used it while camping for a week at Lowes Motor Speedway for the Bank of America 500 . It worked great ! I read the reviews before buying it and knew there might be a problem with the spark plug . So before taking it with us , we bought a spare spark plug and a good quality 2 cycle oil . We tested it in the driveway . It started on the 2nd pull . It seemed a little loud , but we could still hear each other talking without having to yell . While using it for the past week , it powered a 120w light , my laptop , a coffee maker , a radio and several chargers -LRB- for cell phones , batteries , ect . . -RRB- . The only time you could here it working hard was when the coffee maker , lap top , radio and 2 chargers were on at the same time . Just the laptop , light , radio , and 1 or 2 cell phone chargers would not make it work to hard . Plus it lasted 6-8 hours before running out of fuel , much longer than the 4 hours stated . Plus the noise was not bad at all , but we were near the road and there was a lot of traffic which masked the generator noise . It started up every time on the first or second pull . I did have two problems with it though
 I was looking for a economical generator to take hunting.I found the TG1200 and researched data over the net.It sounded like what I was looking for.It arrived in pretty short order.I filled the tank at home and it started on the 3rd pull.I was impressed with how it performed and felt great about my purchase.In camp , same thing , ran excellent and performed as or better than hoped.I now have a Great Economical Little Generator.Glad I picked it.D W
 I bought this to use with my trailer for camping trips . This little generator seems to have been built to a high standard . I was a little afraid that this would be noisy , smelly , and hard to start . So far that is not the case , I mixed up some fuel , dumped it in , and it started right up . I was really impressed at how quiet this thing really is . I pulled the plug and put some copper based anti-seize product on it , just in case I need to change the plug down the road . I also mixed the oil a little rich , as I have had better luck with 2 strokes mixing a little stronger . I also heard something about not wanting to use E85 fuel in a 2-stroke , so I made sure I used not more than 10 % ethanol fuel . So far this little genny works great . It more than meets my expectations.update # 1 Started it up and let it run for an hour and 20 mins for break in , runs flawless . plugged in to trailer , ran 4 lights ... still flawless more to come
 Bought this generator in April 2009 to power my boat lift when Lake Lanier dropped to record lows . The product came damaged in shipping -LRB- the pull cord recoil assembly housing was pushed in to the engine causing the cord pulley to rub and not retract -RRB- . You could n't really tell there was any issue when looking at the carton as there were no real signs of damage . The packing is not stellar and since the carton was not 200 lb rated UPS would never have paid a claim.I emailed the manufacturer for a new part . In a few days they requested a copy of my sales receipt for proof of warranty/purchase -LRB- a reasonable request -RRB- . I scanned and emailed it back the same day . Waited 2 weeks -- no response . I called Amazon and told them the story . I told them I do n't want the product if the manufacturer goes AWOL after the sale -LRB- shades of things to come if there was ever a breakdown -RRB- . They told me no problem , just return it -LRB- loving Amazon -RRB- . After a little more conversation I mention I put gasoline in the tank to test it . They informed me they could not take it back . My heart sank . Then Amazon informed me they would refund the purchase price under the circumstances -LRB- loving Amazon -RRB- . After getting the refund I was going to toss the product in the trash , but decided to take the generator apart to see if I could fix it . I straighted the housing so that nothing was rubbing and reassembled it . In the process I noticed the pulley wheel was cracked on one side and wondered how long it would be till it broke the rest of the way and rendered the product useless . That was 2 years ago.The generator does power my boat lift which pulls about 9 amps -LRB- 1100 watts -RRB- on start up and runs about 7 amps -LRB- 850 watts -RRB- after that . I do have to flip the switch on and off several times to spin up the lift motor to avoid killing the generator . Once the lift motor spins up the generator runs fairly well . It is very quiet , even under load , due to the 2 cycle engine . It is very efficient using little gas/oil . I can run the lift with one light on -LRB- 100 extra watts -RRB- and it will power both , but it puts quite a load on the engine slowing it quite a bit . I have n't tested it at this load , but I suspect the current is around 110 volts -LRB- not good for my lift motor , so I keep the lights off till the boat is out of the water -RRB- . I tried running my water pump which draws 11 amps -LRB- 1320 watts -RRB- on start up and right at 1100 watts after spin up , but it will kill the generator engine or draw it down so low that it nearly dies.The moral of the story is this ... It does what they say it will do . It puts out about 1000 watts of power , but it 's working very hard at that load . If you need around 1000 watts of constant power , get a bigger generator . I expect a long term diet of a 1000 watt load will wear this out in short order . If you need 900 watts or less -LRB- a power drill or saw and a couple lights -RRB- , this will do the trick at a good price . However , if you want a product which is well backed by the manufacturer , look elsewhere . Thank God for Amazon as they are awesome !!!! Update . . in 2011 the generator ceased working due to carburetor issues . I used it maybe 25 times over a 2 year span for less than 15 minutes each time . It will start , but wo n't stay running for more that a few seconds . I can keep it running a little longer with a rag over the air intake to create a ` super ' choke scenario . I ca n't tell if this is a quality issue or problems related to high ethanol content . Given my previous experience with the manufacturer , it 's now a boat anchor ! I now give it a one star rating .
 I ordered this TQ1200 generator and it came within 4 days . After receiving it I tried it out and made sure it was OK for a upcoming deer hunting weekend trip . It started right up and ran a 750 watt heater with no problem . We used it for 3 night and it ran all our lights and a 500 watt microwave in the morning for qickie breakfast food . I noticed right away the it had a loud knock when not under a load , but I know some 2 stroke motors are noisy , so I did n't worry . The knock got louder as the weekend passed , but it always ran OK , until the last day when I noticed that it knocked even louder most of the time and it started to lope when it knocked which cause a fluctuation in the current . I did n't have any sensitive electronics with me , so I didnt ' t worry . When I got home , I ran it to see how it sounded and there was no change . I called Amazon customer assistance and told them my problem and the fellow on the line said just a minute and put me on hold . At this time I started to get the feeling that I was getting `` the old run around '' like so many `` help lines '' do . After a few minutes he came back and said '' This is a non-returnable item '' . Before I had a chance to get angry and say something stupid , he said `` We will send you another one right away and it should be there in 2 days '' . I nearly dropped the phone ! He then said since it 's a non-returnable item , just keep the other one or dispose of it . They must have loaded the new one on a jet airliner , because it arrived the next morning around 11:00 !! I do like this unit when it 's running right , and I hope the new one serves me well . It 's very handy for one person to handle and provides plenty of power for our little cabin as long as we do n't try to use any large appliances . They start really easy and run reasonably quiet especially for a 2 stroke . Thanks Amazon for making things right !
 For anyone who has one of these generators can you please help ? I do n't wish to damage any digital appliance with this because of a not so perfect output . I ordered this because of all the favorable reviews . I always like to read reviews on Amazon , as the people are the ones who konw , and not the flashy descriptions written to sell a product.What I want to know is will this power a digital TV or computer ? I have read many reviews of generators and some say it will and others say that for a digital TV you need a generator that has a sine wave output that is very accurate . When dealing with any digital appliance where `` ones and zeros '' , to keep it simple , are so important any fluctuations in the output can determine whether or not the digital product will work or wo n't . Any other output such as lights , refrigerator , microwaves etc. . . will be OK if the sine wave is not as perfect.Thanks in advance for your answer .
 I bought this little generator before Hurricane Irene hit the Northeast so I could run my sump pump if the power went out . I set it up outside in my shed and ran a cord into the basement . Filled the generator with 50:1 mixture and fired it up . It started and ran for a few seconds then died . I thought it was not getting fuel and kept trying to start it without success . I waited a few hours and tried again . This time it did the same thing , ran for a few seconds then died . Then the lightbulb went off in my head ... the choke ! I moved the choke to the open position and it started and ran very well . LEARNING POINT ... you only need the choke for a few seconds , so after starting the engine , immediately begin sliding the choke lever to the open position.After letting the generator run for a couple of hours , I hooked up the sump pump to test it and the generator performed perfectly . It turns out that we never lost power during the hurricane but it is good to be prepared . Now I have a back-up for the sump pump power if needed . The generator runs fairly smooth and not too noisy . Great to have for a small back up .
 As with many others , I could n't get this started at first , but a quick call to Eastern tools and a manual priming and this thing runs as advertised . Very quiet , and gets the job done amazingly well . I 'll send an update in a few months , post football season .
 It 's a great generator for the price , but know your wattage needs . We use it in the winter at hunting camp in georgia . In the summer we need to use a larger generator to power AC units . This unit is lightweight , uses less gas than advertised , and ran great the first year . I 've had trouble the last couple times i used it and figured the carb was plugged because it sits some . I do try to run it dry if it 's going to sit but forget on occassion . I really went through it today and found the filter inside the tank attached to the valve had fused shut -LRB- did n't appear plugged but I could n't blow through it -RRB- . I took it out and installed an inline filter with clear fuel line and it started working again . Not sure if it 's an ethanol issue but I hope the problem is solved long term.We run about 4-5 100 watt lights and one to two ceiling fans and it does fine , but we have to get the fans started to avoid the startup requirement . It runs about 6-7 hours on a tank under this load .
 I 'm by no means an expert when it comes to machinery , but I was able to operate it and it allowed a way to keep a cool tent at night . With the temperatures like they have been in Texas , well worth the price for a camping weekend . Frankly I did n't want to spend more , skeptical I would operate it incorrectly and break it from operating error , so whatever this unit lacks in engineering efficiency and electrical output , it made up in making me less concerned I would immediately foul it up -- $ 139.99 is what I could spent without feeling stressed I was making a bad investment
 I purchased this small generator to run a few things on an emergency basis . So far I have run refrigerator/freezer , computer , a few cfl lights and the big one an 8000 btu window a/c unit . 750 watts continuous . Now to be honest , I do n't run both compressors at the same time , and I use a large ups to handle the initial surge of the A/C compressor but it runs fine after the surge . If I wanted to have a generator that could handle the surge I would need around 3000 watts of generator . Remember after the surge , a larger generator is just wasting fuel .
 Got this about a month ago for tailgates . Have n't put much time on it yet , but here are some intitial comments :1 -RRB- Mine did not come with a DC plug / adapter . Called ETQ and they said that the newer ones do not have that feature .2 -RRB- There is an error in the manual . It says to use 10w30 oil . That is NOT CORRECT . Use only 2 cycle oil . The manual is wrong.I tested the sound level using my radio shack sound level meter and found that at 23 feet it produced around 59 dbA and at 9 feet it produced about 67 dbA . I would characterize the sound as louder than the Honda EU2000 / EU1000 , but overall not too objectionable as it 's kind of a low pitch sound . It 's definitely why the unit is less expensive than the Honda EU , which I could not justify price-wise .
 I received my TG 1200 one week after I ordered it . It came with slight damage to the exterior of the box , but luckly everything inside was undamaged ... no broken spark plug or wires ... It would not start so I took out the spark plug and gave it a shot of ether cold start spray and replaced the plug . It fired briefly and then stopped . I then repeated the ether shot but this time openned the drain screw on the carberator . A few drops of fuel dripped out , so now I knew I had fuel going into the engine.I choked the little engine and off it went and ran perfectly . I ran a small fan and electric light off the generator and everything seems to be working . I checked the voltage and it was approx . 130-140 volts A.C. and 14 volts D.C. I stopped the engine and let it cool . I then restarted it by simply choking it per instructions . Ran great ... So far it does everthing I expected from this little generator !!!!
 I thought at one point of trying to get a small engine and an old car alternator to make a small DC generator myself , but when I saw that a unit like this costs less than a small engine alone , I quickly changed my mind . I just got this and have had no problems on receiving it damaged or such . I tried it out and have n't had anything really unexpected . I only added ~ 1/3 gallon of gas -LRB- knowing I did n't want to run it for a real long time -RRB- , but it ran for about 2 hours on that . I ran a 750W space heater on the 120V circuit for a good part of that time which it handled fine and a small fridge -LRB- each of those 1 at a time -RRB- . I 'm not sure I want to even try my full size fridge since the surge draw to start a lot of motors is easily over the 1200W surge limit -LRB- and it is rated 1000W continuous , the 1200 is a surge rating -RRB- . It does run fairly quiet compared to some things with engines , but you 'd still have to speak up a bit for someone to hear you while right next to it . It did n't bounce or walk around by itself from the vibrations , so it has been balanced well.I tried hooking up a small `` jump start '' battery to the DC connection and found it instantly was raising the voltage to ~ 18V , so it does n't have any voltage regulation on that . Since I did n't want to overcharge the battery -LRB- which you are doing if you go over ~ 15V -RRB- , I connected up a small heater that draws ~ 8 amps , but that instantly popped the circuit breaker for the DC output on the generator . So it seems you get a choice of allowing it to overcharge your battery or popping the breaker if you try to keep the voltage down by drawing enough power , neither of which are good options . Now to see if I can come up with some way to regulate the voltage and/or allow it to continue to provide some charging even if the battery is getting drained.Update 10-09
 I use this generator at flee markets , it runs a loptop , desktop and my router at the same time with out a problem it is perfect for what I do .
 This is a handy small generator . It is 1200 watts , but it will run a couple of skill saws and a few lights at the same time . It is 2-cycle , so you have to mix oil with the gas . The gas tank holds a gallon and the gas cap is a measuring cup for the right amount of 2-cycle oil to pour in . Running a bunch of stuff , it runs about 6 hours per gallon . 4 pulls usually starts it . Leave it on full choke for a minute and then no choke to run with load . It weighs 40 pounds and is easy to carry around . I 've had it a couple of years and it works like new . It wo n't run a whole house , but works fine for a couple lamps and a 26 '' TV during power outages.I carry it out to the back 40 to use electric tools .
 I live in Hawaii - off the grid . Basically I have a solar system that sometimes needs some help charging the batteries and this generator does the trick ! All of this for a steal at $ 139.99 with free shipping !!!! I received this generator yesterday and after five minutes of setup ; putting the handle on ; mixing one gallon of gas ; attaching a grounding wire ... I started it up ... This thing hummed and ran the following -- two battery chargers , 24 inch tv , Blu ray player , iPhone charger , and sound system speakers ! I felt that it could probably take even more!Wait that was n't the only surprise -- very clean and little exhaustDid I meantion it 's quiet enough to watch TV while it 's running!It ran for 4 hours and still had quite a bit of fuel left ! All that power off a gallon!My bigger generator burns 2 gallons an hour and I used to plug in about the same load!I 'm excited about the money I will save in gas ! 2 cycle is great I only have to mix it in the gas ! My bigger generator has an oil filter that has to be replaced , oil sensor currently leaking oil , and gaskets -LRB- leaking too -RRB- what a mess!This generator is perfect for my application running a few electronics and charging batteries!Be sure to check the wattage on the stuff you want to run because if you expect to power your whole house well in wo n't do that ! It will power more than you think!Did I meantion it is extremely portable ?! It 's about the size of a small 2 six pack ice chest ! It can easily fit in any trunk to take camping or on a picknic!I 'm truely tickled pink about this clean , green powerful workhorse ! I love the money I saved buying it ; and the money I will save in gas -LRB- gas is $ 4.30 / gal here in Hawaii Buy this ... In this case less is more . . I also got the Squaretrade 3 year warranty for around 20 bucks ! You really ca n't go wrong ! -LRB- some reviews state it comes with battery cables -- mine did not . -RRB- AlohaAvery in Hawaii
 It 's small but tough . Great for getting those weeds out of the garden . And the Kansas clay has not caused it to bend or break like so may of my other tools before it !
 Although I was surprised to see that birds , other than finches , can stand on the bottom platform and feed , this bird feeder still has several other ports where only the yellow finch can feed . The snowbirds seemed to be the ones standing and getting the food on the bottom , so I did n't mind it at all , since they are welcome winter visitors . The bottom holes were made bigger , though , by some non finch birds who pecked at it , and I had to put a bit of duct tape over the bottom holes . BUT ! This bird feeder is the most handsome finch feeder out there . In addition , it has a canopy to keep out really wet weather , which can be a problem with small niger seeds . Most niger feeders do not have this canopy , and when the seeds get wet , they clump together and get moldy . All in all , I enjoy looking out at my yard and seeing this feeder filled with finches !
 Remove the three Philips-head screws beneath the bottom platform that hold the bottom platform to the tube and then the -LRB- Colibri -RRB- feeder looks like its picture , and larger birds that could perch on it can no longer feed from it . With the bottom platform removed , the only birds I noticed on the feeder today were goldfinches , and they ate from it voraciously throughout the day . There may be other small birds that will come to it and manage to feed from it , but the goldfinches I had rarely spotted before on the feeder were abundant today .
 If you love watching 12-20 busy finches on a nyger sock or mesh tube feeder , this feeder is NOT for you . Only a few finches can feed at once & they greatly prefer the other types of feeders . I had to hang a nyger sock next to this one and a macrame plant holder around it for perching to coax them to use this one even though they readily feed upside down -LRB- and rightside up -RRB- on the sock/mesh feeders . However , it will be a real asset in wet weather because the limited holes and the canopy will protect the seeds . For this reason I give it 4 stars & am happy with the purchase . Perhaps this feeder is more useful to keep out other birds in the Eastern parts of the country where it got rave reviews . I have dozens of yellow finches come to my feeders and no other birds . I hang black sunflower seed tubes right next to them for the purple finches and a few others but there 's no cross feeding . Ground eating birds come to clean up the dropped seed . Perhaps a matter of geography and slightly different bird species .
 Product is very good . Could be longer for more capacity . During recent snow storm , each feeding station was constantly in use . Anyone looking for a finch feeder should look at this product as there is very little waste and other birds do not feed on the thistle seed .
 Pros
 Goldfinches love this attractive feeder . I wanted to replace the flimsier , flexible , yellow-capped $ 10 - $ 13 upside-down feeders that break too easily , spill seed if you hold the feeder too tightly after refilling , and let in rain through the seed holes . As some reviewers have said , the drawback to the new feeder is that other birds can get to the thistle by reaching up to a hole ; it 's hard to believe that the feeder designer did n't anticipate this . Did n't anyone test the feeder before production ? Simply adding half an inch or so between perch levels would have solved the problem.On the plus side , the roof helps keep the seed dry , and the base , which would have been more useful if larger and concave -LRB- it is small and flat -RRB- , catches some of the spilled seed , and the goldfinches eat it there . I did n't remove the base , as other reviewers have done , because this feeder 's only pests -- house finches and sparrows -- can still sit on a perch and reach a hole above , so I left the base on to catch some seed.The good news is that house finches and sparrows prefer black-oil sunflower to thistle . As long as my sunflower feeders are not close to this feeder -LRB- mine are about 15 feet away -RRB- and have ample seed in them , the house finches and sparrows invariably go for the sunflower and ignore the thistle feeder , where they have to work a little harder anyway to reach up and take seed . And the goldfinches DO catch on to the upside-down thing right away ; they often eat upside-down on garden plants , so they have no problem with an upside-down feeder .
 The feeder looks nice still after some seasons - mostly sun and some rain . I use a clip to attach it to a tree branch.Take the bottom plate off . I think the only use for this would be if you are mounting it on top of a post ? Not sure.There are holes in the bottom of it regardless , not sure why . Air ? Air already gets in through the feeding holes . I ended up taking my caulking gun and filling them in with silicone -LRB- Entirely out of site -RRB- . But before I did this , any movement by the wind or heavy finch and seeds would fall out to the ground ? Still happy with the product though
 I have had this product about a month and found two things that could be changed . The holes and perches could be spaced further apart . I have seen the bigger sparrows on the middle perch stretching up to the top hole to get the seed . Also some birds sit on the bottom of the feeder tray to get the seed also . So its not only the finches that are getting to the seed , which the feeder claims to allow only gold finches to feed upside down . But it is one of the better feeders we have had outside those two things .
 Nice feeder it took about a week for the Finches to get the `` hang '' of it but they did and it works pretty good , except we have a few Redwing Blackbirds that have become addept at hanging upside down to steal some food!Nice feeder.J.Dixon
 Bought it for a Christmas gift for my Father-In-Law and he called me immediately after opening it just so happy . He loves it and so do the Finches .
 This type of feeder is great for feeding Goldfinches and NOT sparrows . We had one just like it that lasted for about three years . It might have survived longer , but it blew down in a storm and the UV-weakened plastic cylinder broke . The plastic is fairly thick and the rest is metal . The wide roof helps to keep the seeds dry , which is nice .
 I love my new gold finch feeder , and more importantly , so do the gold finches !! It is easy to fill and keep clean , and is constructed very well . I give this one a thumbs up !
 This is a great goldfinch feeder . I have owned two over the years . Great product !!! Highly recommended for your goldfinches
 My parents have lived in the same area for 49 years and have never seen goldfinches until recently . I bought this for my dad 's birthday to encourage more of the cuties to stay around . He loves it .
 I bought 3 of these birdhouses for Christmas presents . They are awesome in person . They are very high quality and the workmanship is great . The picture does not show the extra piece that is on the bottom of the feeder which only adds to it 's beauty . I have n't seen how the birds like them yet since they are presents , but I think the golden finches will love them .
 We 're looking forward to springtime so we can try out the new upsidefinch feeder .
 I bought this rake to move hot charcoal around my BBQ grill . You did n't think I actually garden did you ? : DThe rake is very sturdy and can take high heat rather nicely.If you need a perfect rake for moving your coals , this is it.Good price too !
 this product was just as advertised , very well made . I could n't find one in my area , that is why I ordered it . Since receiving it I have seen at least 3 in various stores that were the same price and I would not have had to pay shipping , so I paid about double for it . The stores I saw it in were not your usual stores for tools -LRB- Home Depot , etc. -RRB- . I saw it in Marshalls , TJ Max , etc. . Stores you would not usually associate with tools .
 Quite a nice little hoe , especially after a few passes on the cutting edge with my bench grinder . Nice balance to the tool ; the head is well made . I think the product is actually made in France . I like it !
 We have lived in NW Arkansas for 5 years and it seems like every year we have power outages due to ice/wind , etc. . We live in a remote area and I 've been looking at generators for the past year . When I found out about this generator , I jumped at the free shipping . It arrived FAST and unscathed and I 'm anxious to see how it works . I relied on previous posts by fellow reviewers for this purchase . I 'm going to try synthetic oil in mine . I hope this proves to be a good investment .
 I have owned this generator for over 2 years now.It is used mainly for Emergency purposes only . I have used it on other purposes as well.I had power outage for 6-8 hours , and this generator worked great . I was able to power Refrigerator , few lights , fan.The generator is n't used often . So I do start it up and run it for 15-20 minutes about 4 times a year.I did treat the gasoline with a product called PRI-G . It starts up within 4-5 pulls . I have never had any issues with it starting up.I did a test run today , after sitting unused for over 3 months . It started on the 3rd pull.It 's not a quiet Honda Generator . It 's basically a China knock off.These generators are called Chonda 's . My only complaint it is slightly noisy for me . Use it in well ventilated area . The muffler is crap.Going to look for way to modify muffler.FYI , You can also convert generator to run TRI fuels -LRB- Gas , Propane , Natural gas -RRB- . I have n't done this conversion , but I did look into it . The cost of $ 200 is holding me back . I could hook it natural gas line at home and would n't have to worry about running out of fuel . My research is that the conversion is easy , but cost $ 200 . Hope this helps .
 I was hesitant to purchase the generator as it has a Chinese AM Pride engine made by the CHONGQING company whereas I was looking for a better known engine such as Briggs and Stratton , etc. . I decided to take a chance on it anyway as I was without power during a October Snowstorm here in CT. . After about 40 hours of run time I am pleasantly surprised . The generator starts easily on the second pull and is very quite . The unit runs about 12 hours on 4 gallons of gas ... pretty impressive . Weighing in at about 100 lbs , it is easy enough to transport in the trunk of your car . The generator has a great feature set ... among these are :1 . Low THD - clean power to power computers and other electronic devices2 . GFCI on the power outlets3 . Has both the 120v L5-30 and the 240v L15-30 twist lock connectors .4 . Wheel kit included5 . 1 year warranty6 . Low Oil light , with Auto shutdown when oil is critically low7 . Voltage RegulationTime will tell how reliable this AM Pride engine is but so far so good .
 Got this generator for after an ice storm . had it up and running within minutes.Pros
 Bought generator about 1 year ago , used it for first time this week thanks to Irene . Since Sunday at 2 am I am running two sump pumps , a refrigerator , a freezer , tv , cable , internet modem , and a couple of lamps , as well as occasional use of espresso machine and grinder , toaster , and charging phones , ipads and computers . The circuits have not overloaded , and it runs at least 10 hours in one full tank with all these things connected . Only downside is noise , and instructions are poor , but using it is very simple . Never had to pull crank more than once , and my basement is incredibly dry thanks to the uninterrupted use of the pumps . Highly recommended .
 This is my 1st generator and I have to say I am very happy with this unit . I had the power go out for over a week due to storms and order this unit and had it delivered the next day . I was able to run a small deep freezer , 65 tv , satellite box , f2 fans , 1 table lamp and charge my laptop as well as blackberry , Droid and I pads all at the same time . The run time was around 10 hours per 4 gallons . Cranked on the 1st pull and never died once . The unit is not to load , was able to talk with another person while standing next to unit . Well worth the money to have in case of a power outage .
 This is the only generator on Amazon that offered free shipping to Hawaii . It starts up easily and does the job . We installed a 6 breaker transfer switch kit that is available through Amazon . This combination turned out to be golden ! The generator has a small footprint , has about the same noise level as a lawnmower , and powers our home security system , 2 small freezers , large refrigerator , house lights , and our automatic garage door system . The price for the capability provided ca n't be beat .
 Arrived in good shape , easy assembly , started 2nd pull . Purchased for camping with our travel trailer . Runs 13500 AC and microwave at same time no problem . Pretty quiet for the money , you can hear the generator running but when you turn on the AC it covers up the generator completely.Edit 4/10
 We recently took this generator on a camping trip.There were two campers to hook to the generator and run.There were two small 5000 btu AC units , but the generator performed well.The only time it struggled was when the AC units compressors started at the same time.Only then did it die and have to be re-cranked , and then start only on unit at a time.The gas held up OK as far as a generator goes.I did notice that while the generator was not in use it had oily substance seeping from the gas cap as the days heat caused pressure to build up in the tank.As far as putting the oil on day one , all i did was tilt the generator to a 45 degree angle and block it from tipping over and filled , replaced the oil cal and set it back on the ground.The main reason i purchased the generator was for the home , but was certain it would preform well at the camp .
 I was uncertain about buying a gas generator for this price . I needed a generator for emergencies and work to far away from the house to use extension cords . This generator fired up with the first pull of the cord ! It is a good small generator for small jobs .
 I overnight-ed it to save my basement from Irene . I knew i would loose power and without my sump pump running , i am in big trouble . Packaging was good , assemble was very simple . But three golden screws drop out from the generator , could not figure out where they came from . May be extras . It started in the third pull and ran all night and saved my basement.These were few issues :1 . The generator would not run without the choke being in on position . It shuts off when i move it to close . Manual says I should gradually move it to close as the engine warms up but even after 13 hrs , it did not work .2 . Fuel Gauge did not work . It is stuck to one side and not operational .3 . Bad customer service . I called 3 times , never got through . on the 4th time went to answering machine . Left message no one called back .4 . ETQ website is useless .
 The generator arrived promptly and in good condition . There was no shipping damage , not even a scratch . The wheel kit was easy to attach . Directions were n't really needed to do this . Only a little common sense is required and assembly was a snap . All wheel kit hardware was supplied and was of good quality . I encountered none of the problems other reviewers have mentioned . After assembly , the next step is to add oil . The position of the oil hole is a little awkward , as others have noted . You either have to tilt the unit , or use a funnel with a hose . I would recommend a funnel which can be very cheaply obtained at WalMart or any auto supply store . I have a pressure washer with a Honda engine and the oil hole is located in a similarly difficult spot , so this is n't unusual . The engine held slightly less than a quart of oil . Next add gas . Easy . The pull cord is also in a somewhat difficult spot , but I had no problem pulling it . Choke the engine , and pull . Mine started on the FIRST PULL ! Eased off the choke and it ran great . Noisy , yes , but no more so than other units I 've seen . I tried several power tools on the generator , a drill , pad sander , and big belt sander . None caused the engine to `` bog '' down even slightly . One hint , the safety on/off buttons located on the plugs were all in the `` off '' position . This took me a minute to figure out but they are easy to reset by simply pushing them in . I let the unit run for about 30 minutes . It is a good idea to flush the gas from the carb . The easiest way to do this is to cut off the gas and let the engine run dry . Overall I have been very impressed with this generator . Operation is simple . There were no noted quality problems , such as loose connections . I believe this is an excellent generator for the price , comperable with `` name '' brand units costing twice as much .
 I purchased this generator to power a small work shop at my house . I am able to run a 6000 BTU AC window unit , radio , 75 watt bulb , and a compressor -LRB- or other power tool -RRB- all at once without a problem . I am very satisfied with this product . It did come with minor damaged when shipped . The spark plug wire boot was shattered and it came with no manual . I was able to rig the wire and did not need the manual as it is very simple to operate . It does not come with oil so be prepared to buy some before hand . My unit cranked on the first pull and has done so every time since . I have about 15 hours on it now with no problems . You ca n't beat it for the price .
 I received this item very quicky from Amazon -LRB- what else is new - they are always pretty fast -RRB- with packaging in very good condition . However , like others have found , the back of the air filter housing was cracked . The manufacturer was only too happy to replace when a copy of receipt is sent via email or fax . This generator is excellent . I have run mine for a few hours with no hiccups whatever . When I first started , it was just one light pull -- stated right up and runs smoothly and more quietly than other generators of this size . We went ahead and put in a 6-circuit transfer switch -LRB- the Generac prewired load manager/transfer switch Model 1276 from Amazon is perfect and pretty easy to install in 1/2 day -RRB- , and chose 6 circuits for Winter power outages . With refrigerator/freezer , gas furnace -LRB- needed for forced air fan , glow igniter , gas safety circuit , thermostat , etc -RRB- , TV , wireless internet , and 3 rooms of lights ALL on and operating at the same time -LRB- including startup on the furnace -RRB- , this generator hardly seemed to notice . It also is very economical on gasoline - best I could find for this power capacity and price -- much better than most more expensive generators . Is it as wonderful as a Honda ? Probably not , but considering the decent sound , great level power , gas ecoonomy and the fact that cost of the generator + transfer switch + licensed electrician charges -LRB- to wire-in and put switch in correctly for sure -RRB- was $ 1400 + less than even the Honda 3000 Watt generator by itself , I feel perfectly fine and happy about this purchase .
 This generator is a well thought out tool . It has all the features I was looking for . Quiet running , large fuel tank , 220vac , clean sign wave , enough power to for my needs . The engine starts easy and runs smooth and quiet . I bought this generator for a backup when the power fails . That has not happened yet , but I am confident that this tool will do the job when the time comes . So much for the pro 's . When I unpacked the generator I found a broken weld on one of the four control panel brackets . This defect did not affect the performance of the generator , but it was a manufacturing defect . I called the customer service number and they made arrangements to have a local repair company fix the problem . This company had a six week backlog at that time . I did some simple math . Six weeks to look at my generator . Then order parts from the Chinese manufacturer . Wait for the replacement frame to arrive . Then get back in line for repair . As I considered the repair process , I thought three to six months was optimistic . That did n't work for me . I decided to fashion my own plastic strap clamp to mount the loose corner of the control panel to the frame and call it good . As I understand it , this sort of thing is not unusual for many Chinese company 's these days .
 Good gen for the money - it will power within it 's range , but ... please tell me why they used 13.5 A breakers ?? One for the 30A line and one for the 20A line . Hmmm ... tried our RV out last weekend and kept popping breakers , started digging into it and found out the breakers are both 13.5 A. . . is this some kind of Chinese conversion that they missed on?I had to run into town , buy my own breakers , and install them to use my RV air - then it was happy.If I wanted to be a dink about it I 'd raise hell ...
 it arrived in 3 days , with regular free shipping via u.p.s. the packaging was in good condition , after inspection everything was good . i did have to do some easy assembly -LSB- putting on the wheels and the handle . -RSB- after adding oil and a little gas it started on the second pull.i am very happy with this generator and all ready have recomended it to a couple of my friends .
 Ordered this item on a Sunday morning . Generator delivered the following Thursday afternoon . Not bad with free shipping . The box was a little beat up which worried me . But the generator inside was close to perfect . Only problem I found was the muffler baffle on the back side of the generator was bent on one side . But this will not affect performance . I agree that the oil fill location is not convenient , but with a 1.5 foot piece of plastic tubing that I already had and a funnel , I was able to fill the crank case fairly easily . Took my time to not overfill it and make a mess . Assembly was easy and went quickly . Generator cranked up on the second pull and engine smoothed out nicely rather quickly . I 'm giving this 4 stars because I have not been able to put a load on the generator yet . So far , am very pleased . I am doing lots of work at a site where a double wide trailor will be placed . There is no power available and this generator will get a good work out very soon . We may have some snow this weekend and the slightest snow accumulation tends to wreak havock on the above ground power network in Alabama . With a new generator full of gas and ready to go , I 'm thinking power outages may not be so inconvenient anymore .
 Great generator . Works just as advertised . It came in very handy when the power went out . It ran -LRB- 2 -RRB- 1500 watt heaters and a few lights with no problems for hours . Kept me from freezing my butt off on a very cold an rainy day . Glad I brought it .
 There were some initial problems with the order . When I placed my order for one unit , somehow an hour or two later the confirmation came back for three . I tried revising the order on-line but was told it was too late to change the order . It took a bit of searching to find the customer service phone number , but once I reached them a very helpful person took care of the revision quickly and cheerfully . The unit also took longer than expected to be delivered . It did come and the only problem I noted was that there was one bolt missing from the handle assembly . That was remedied with a trip to the hardware store . The unit started right away and when I tested it , I was able to run a refrigerator , freezer , and the water pump from my boiler simultaneously without any problem . I then took the refrigerator off-line and ran a toaster oven without a problem . The starter pulley location is a bit awkward but not a big problem . I would also concur with some of the other reviewers on the need for a funnel and tube arrangement for the oil filler .
 The generator works well . Arrived quickly . Started easily . Good value for the dollar . Does not come with a grounding wire -LRB- no big deal -RRB- . To fill with oil , I found it easiest to tilt the unit at about 45 degrees and use a small disposable paper funnel -LRB- homemade from an advertisement -RRB- - this is a one time deal since I only plan on using the generator in emergencies .
 Chose this generator based on price and Amazon reviews . Wanted to partially power my house during an outage . The unit was delivered undamaged . I tested it with a load of a small refrigerator , a small freezer and a lamp and it did not even pause . My only complaint is that the vibration caused 2 front screws to come off . One I did not recover and the other will not screw back in , appears to have been holding something in place behind the main panel . No negative results while running without them though . Would n't mind if ETQ gave a better manual .
 Easy to put together . Started right up . Used it almost continually for about 30 hours when I first got it . It stalled once after running for 20 hours , do n't know why , nothing should have given it a surge at the time it stalled . While it was off I changed the oil and it started right back up and ran for another 10 hours and then we got our power back . Powered a lot more of my house than I expected . Had it for a month and so far for the price this has been excellent purchase . I start it every weekend since and it starts right up .
 I finally got this item.It came with the oil warning light damaged but apart from that everything else looked ok.Assembly took 15minutes . I added oil and gas and it powered right up.The noise level is definitely more than 65db but i can manage.I let it warm for about 5mins and powered up a few items.I later switched on my 1.5 hp Ac with no problem.I had researched and read a lot of reviews before finally buying this generator.I am very happy with my gamble so far.I will update if anything comes up.I recommend .
 Great product , started on the first pull , starts every time . very good geal on the price and shipping . If you live in the country , you should have one . Ca n't say enough about the generator .
 OK , I purchased this a month ago from Amazon . Delivered by the UPS , package was up side down , no manual and all the bolts and nuts dropped around , and box is damaged . Surprisingly the generator was OK with just a little dent on the front panel . I got 20 minute to put everything on , no problem with fueling the oil . Got it turn on in the first pull . However , it was rough . I went to the internet and download the manual to see the trouble shooting . It does n't help much with how you set up the choke . I have to read my Honda Power washer to set this properly . Got 120V and 240V from those receptacles , How ever I do n't put any load on it yet . It 's OK for the money .
 I received this generator and it was not damaged . I can see why others had a different experience , the packing is pretty lacking . I put the wheel kit on and put oil in it and it started right up . I could n't find in the owner 's manual where it said how much oil to put in it so that was annoying - it was less than a quart . I put in a Reliance Controls generator switch -LRB- $ 140 -RRB- on my house and ran a refridgerator , freezer , water pump , and a few lights with it . I also used it to power the air conditioner and a light in my horse trailer . It starts OK . For the money it is a good generator . It 's not too noisy , but it is a little loud for camping .
 Came undamaged and started on second pull . Worked in camground situation well and loudness is a relative thing . Rubber feet are a little weak but cheap to replace . Sitting in garage with stabilizer in fuel waiting for first ice storm/Hurricane of season . When it happens I 'll have TV / Heat / Hot Water / Light / Air Conditioning in bedroom w / window unit / refrigerator for food . More than enough power in homes running natural gas . You 'll need more if your appliances are electric .
 Product showed up without any damage . Filled up with oil and gas and a few pulls later the generator was up and running . I was impressed with the price and value of this item .
 The first generator that was delivered to us was damaged . I called Amazon and they gave me instructions on returning it . They were very nice and helpful . A different delivery service brought the second generator and it is fine . My husband has started it up to make sure it is going to work in case we have another hurricane or whatever . It started up fine and it is n't very noisy .
 I AM VERY WELL PLEASED WITH THE 4000 WATT GENERATOR . WHEN I RECEIVED IT , IT HAD A PART BROKEN THROUGH SHIPMENT.I NOTIFIED AMAZON AND THEY REPLACED THE BROKEN PART.I DID A TEST RUN BY HOOKING IT UP TO MY HOUSE AND IT TAKES CARE OF THE WHOLE HOUSE WITHOUT ANY PROBLEM.A GOOD STORY AND WOULD RECOMEND NOTHING LESS THAN 4000 WATTS . MICHAEL TOMOLONIS ST CLAIRSVILLE , OHIO
 Received this generator in good condition 3 days after ordering ! Some assembly required , which created my first concern - the nuts & bolts supplied had very poor threads - I had to screw them together with two wrenches to loosen them up enough to use . Not a good first impression . On my unit , the 240v outlet is installed at an angle with only part of it coming through the mounting hole . Either the outlet was a little too big or the hole in the mounting plate too small , but the fact that they shipped it without correcting this is troubling . The practical result is the insulating cover that should protect the back of the 240v and the 2 120v outlets does not fit properly and bare terminals are exposed behind the panel . Finally , on my unit , starting was hard initially . Upon inspection , I found the plug wire was loose . Snapped it on and it started easily.This unit is fairly loud , but I started my 6.5 hp Craftsman lawnmower next to it for comparison and the mower was noticeably louder . I do recommend getting a funnel with a flexible neck for filling with oil.It seems capable as rated ; I connected a 1500 watt heater to the right hand 120v outlet and the voltage dropped only 1 volt . On the left , however , it sustained the load , but the voltage dropped to 114v . From studying the schematic , it appears on this generator that the load is voltage compensated on the right outlet only , which is connected to one of the two field coils on the alternator . The left outlet is not regulated , so you want to try and balance your load between the two outlets as much as possible , and connect any sensitive devices to the righthand one.All in all , I 'm satisfied with this generator for my purpose , which is emergency power for my refrigerator , gas fireplace fan and some lights .
 I am a Power Quality Technician for the local power company and I have much experience with electric power . This is one fine generator . I was worried the voltage would be all over the place . I placed a 2400 watt load using a Mega Beast on this and it varied by 1 volt ! Nominal 120 volts . I was very happy . This will work in an emergency to keep the heat on and the beer cold as long the total watts is not exceeded . Recommended !
 I bought this generator for my parents , to keep their fridge and freezer going and allow them run small appliances during a power outage . This unit seems perfect . I like that wheels and a fold away handle are included , and the unit starts easily and is fairly quiet . The only negative comments I have are that the pull start handle is blocked by the front panel , making it necessary to pull the rope partway out and then pull it at about a 30 degree angle to the motor to start it . This is n't a big problem , but over time it might cause the rope to wear faster than if you could pull it straight out . As other other reviewers pointed out , the oil reservoir is nearly impossible to fill without a long , very narrow funnel , but since you may only do this once every few years , again , no big deal .
 UPDATE 9/21/08
 Length :
 The generator seems to be a good value although there might be some reliability issues down the road . The generator started up without too much effort and ran steadily . The engine seems to be solid although the fuel shutoff valve on my generator does n't work properly-the engine with the valve in the off position continued to run . The front control panel is made of very thin sheet metal and had already been damaged in shipping . The electrical plug outlets are attached directly to the thin metal and could over time come loose . There are lots of loose wires hanging in vulnerable areas and might be easily damaged . To fill the engine with oil is nearly impossible without using a very thin long funnel and without a low oil warning indicator checking the level manually could be a hassle . I guess as long as the unit is stored indoors and is treated with care it looks like a really good value overall and I would recommend it .
 PROS
 Eastern Tools and Equipment 3250-Watt Portable Generator #TG 4000EGenerator received one day earlier than expected ; no damage . Great buy for the price at the $ 250 price with no shipping costs ! Starts easily . Another review indicated faceplate was flimsy and would not hold up . Output receptacles , load protectors , and on/off switch are mounted to frame -- therefore sturdy . Faceplate is decorative with descriptions . Exposed wires are as expected ; similar to a car engine ; should NOT be a problem as they are routed properly . Fuel shut-off valve works fine ; generator will continue to run for a while because of residual fuel in the carburetor . Correct shut-down is turning On/Off switch to `` Off '' . Have no clue if robust for commercial applications , but this generator appears great for residential use . Long term use is unknown at this time . So far I am delighted . I looked for several years and finally plunged with this deal .
 I live in Houston , Texas and purchased this product last September before Hurricane Ike hit . I ca n't tell you what a life saver this piece of equipment has been . It was easy to assemble and start . The oil nozzle is in an awkward location but really is n't a problem , just use one of those long funnels . Also I did n't think the pull cord 's location was too bad and since it always started on the first pull it was n't an issue . What I do care about is that it ran for 14 days straight without a break and without a single problem . I ran it for that long because that was how long we went without power after Ike hit Houston . It did shut off once because after I filled it with oil the first time , I let it run for four days without checking the oil again and the built in oil sensor shut the generator off . I just had to refill the oil and then it turned right back on . After that I was careful to change the oil every two to three days . It is loud but both of my neighbors had generators and theirs were a lot louder than mine . Also one side is a lot louder than the other -LRB- the side with the exhaust -RRB- and we positioned that away from the house and with the doors closed it was more of a hum in the background that was n't too bad . DO N'T use this generator inside your house . We never would have done that with the fumes but you would n't believe how many people died in Houston during the Ike aftermath because they ran their generator in their house or too close to the door . I think most people did it because there was a generator shortage after the hurricane so the black market for generators was pretty hot and people had generators stolen off their front porch . We put ours in the back.So what did this little guy do for me ? All at the same time I was able to run :1 - My refrigerator with built-in ice maker2 - A 5200 BTU window air conditioner unit3 - My 52 '' LCD TV4 - My DishNetwork Satellite5 - Several lampsI would also unplug the TV and Satellite and could use it to vacuum the carpets or run the washing machine . I tried to use it to run our electric dryer but it could n't put out the juice so we had to hang our cloths up to dry.As for gasoline consumption , running our window unit and refrigerator 24 hours a day and the others as needed , I calculated that we ran through 7 gallons of gas a day . We had four 5-gallon gas containers and could go three days straight before we needed to start worrying about refilling them.Finally , after we got power back I went and followed the instructions to drain the gasoline out and change the oil . I then went and stored the generator in my garage through the winter . Just this past weekend , with the start-up of Hurricane season , I got out the generator and filled it with gas . Once again it started up without a problem . I put some anti-gumming stuff in the gas and now I feel confident that if we lose power again , we will be prepared .
 Living in Connecticut after this little snow storm that knocked out power in half the state we needed a generator fast . We also needed one that could handle some high demand . This generator powered the pellet stove , fridge and of course television and computers . Fifteen minutes to assemble the wheels and handle . Add 0.6 liter of 10w-30 motor oil , fill her up and she started right away . Works great . A little loud , but the whole neighborhood is thundering with the sound of generators . This is not as loud as some similar ones of similar power . You want quiet spend two thousand not four hundred . Have already recommended this to neighbors . Thank you Amazon .
 Purchased this unit about 2 and a half years ago . Wired the 240v into a switch box for easy shifting the house to generator power . The utility switch box and misc parts cost almost as much as the generator itself , but well worth the ease of use . Used the generator periodically in the past two years for outages that never lasted more than a few hours . . then Irene hit ... we were without power for three days . The generator worked like a charm , could n't be more pleased with it , for the price . The four gallons lasted around 12 hours between fill ups . We had refrigerator , water , lights , TV and toaster oven . When I ran the water pump , shut off most of the other power users , and filled the water tank , and switched back . Everything worked like a charm . Am very impressed with the low fuel usage , some other people around had generators that used much more fuel.Some cons about this unit have been mentioned ... hard to refill oil , but only need to do that once a year , and the pull starter seems to have been designed by a blind design engineer , but they are very minor issues . The generator always starts with one or two pulls.As I recall , I purchased this generator for less than $ 400 . yesterday it was $ 450 . Now it 's $ 568 ... very interesting .
 I purchased this unit specifically because of the advertised capability to support electronics and it does do that ! I have had two previous generators neither of which generated voltage clean enough to keep my computer UPSs happy . I am a bit of a geek and have several computers and UPSs and not being able to use them during power outages was difficult for me . The only thing I wish is that it either had two duplex receptacles or that a duplex-lock receptacle adapter was provided . Fortunately Amazon sells a duplex-lock receptacle adapter for only about $ 9Coleman Cable 09021 12/3 9-Inch Generator Cord Adapter , L5-20P to 5-15Rwhich does the job . I suggest you purchase it with the generator . If I could give this generator a 4.9 star review I would .
 I do n't do reviews , but I read them all the time and this purchase deserves one.I ordered this generator and the recommended cable -LRB- Coleman Cable 01912 25-Foot 10/3 Generator Power Cord with L5-30P Plug and 3-Outlets -RRB- . I ordered this with Amazon Prime the morning after the tornados slammed us in north Alabama , and there were NO GENERATORS ANYWHERE at 800am as 300,000 + people lost power and would be out for 5-7 days . Smartphone + Amazon.com + Amazon Prime = This Generator on my doorstep the next day for $ 7 shipping.it powered a fridge , DirecTV , Fans , microwave , TV , Charged cell phones , cable modem etc. . I used a `` KillaWATT '' to measure the pass thru wattage and I recommend getting that with this unit.You will need your own engine oil -LRB- 10W-30 -RRB- and the assembly was quick to put on the wheels and feet , otherwise it was ready to run out of the box . I also recommend getting a KillaWatt to know what the wattage draw is too -LRB- P3 International P4400 Kill A Watt -RRB- so you can create a power budget . it helped make the generator a great buy
 Great Generator . Fired Right Up out of the Box . Even comes with adapter to use 30amp RV Plug . Pretty Quite . Nice Muffler.Was Damaged in shipping just like everyone else says . Took over a month to arrive . only 2 days with FEDEX Amazon took 3.5 weeks to package and ship . Not sure about that ??? BUT !!!!!!! Could not even run air on my RV . This thing should easily handle 30 amps but it is Circuit Brteakered at 13.5 amps . Pull more than that off it and you pop the breaker . Whats the use of 3200 -4000 watts if it is breakered at 1500watts ???????? I just uped the breaker .
 This item shipped quickly , was easy to assemble , started right up when I filled it with approx 15 oz . of 10w30 oil and unleaded gas . The engine runs smooth ; I was surprised how relatively quiet it was and how easy it was to move around with the handle and wheeling capability . You will need to fabricate a ground line from the generator for safety purposes . It handled my 6 circuits from my transfer switch with no problem i.e. with clean even power . It 's important to note that using the 4 pin 30 amp connector outlet -LRB- L14 30 type -RRB- will allow the generator to balance the different loads . The other 20amp connector outlet does not , according to the generator schematic . In summary , Iam impressed ... great value for the money !
 This is an outstanding generator that only needs a little help in understanding how to use it . There are two things
 For the price , it 's an excellent generator . We have used it to power the house during a recent outage . We plan on using it when we go camping in the woods to run our travel trailer . It 's not a loud generator and it 's easy to operate . It was shipped with some oil in it . -LRB- probably cause it was tested -RRB- Very easy to move around . It 's a plus having 220 on it also .
 I got my generator within the specified time frame and it was in good condition . A few minutes to assemble the wheels and handle and then put in the oil and gas . Started right up with the choke and ran perfectly . Tested the outlets and everything is working properly . The true test , of course , will be operating it in a power outage over a period of time , however , I am very pleased with it at this point and I encountered none of the issues that have been noted by others . It appears well made and no issues noted .
 I bought this generator to run my heater & water pump in case of a power outage this winter . Thankfully , I have not had to use it for that reason yet ; however , I did fire it up and run a 1500W space heater off of it and it seems to work just fine . I like the fact that it can run my computer if needed and that it 'll run 13 hours on 4 gallons of gas -LRB- at 50 % load -RRB- . I filled the tank on the generator and have another 5 gallon gas can sitting around just in case.Just an FYI , that when I received my generator the plastic cover over the air filter was cracked , not enough to affect operation but it 's still worth looking it over when you receive it . I also had a hard time starting it the first time to the point where I thought something was wrong but it finally fired up and subsequent starts have been easier . All in all I think this will serve my purpose just fine . The only thing I wish it had at this price level was something to record how many hours it had run .
 I received the generator in the time predicted by amazon . It was packaged well by the manufacturer with foam protection on the top and the box was banded . The frame shocks were protected from damage with bracket mounted to the chassis . Like other reviews I read it started with 2 pulls of the rope after adding gas out of the box . Since it has started first pull everytime . I use it at my deer lease to run lights and other assessories.I have yet to fill the tank and I ran it for 6 hours two consecitive night with a gallon and half gas in the tank . The noise level for this size generator is low . My 2000w generator had about the same noise level.I have powered up both of my compressors with it . One is a 25-gallon with a 3.5 hp motor , no problem . The other an 8 gal 1.5 hp motor . I am very happy with this generator and would rocommend it to a friend .
 The generator arrived in perfect working order ... no damage and all parts in place . Set up took less than 5 minutes.After adding oil and fuel it started on the first pull . Nice . I ran it for an hour with 1500 watt smoker heater as a load , then changed the oil . For those who remember the days when all engines required break in , I was not surprised that the used oil had that beautiful , swirly , fine metalic gliter and was very dark . I changed the oil again after 5 hours and there were a few speckles and swirls , but much less , just as expected . Then after 20 hours , the last oil change yielded no visible particles and a magnet was only able to collect the slightest trace of ferrous metal . During the run in , four different screws rattled loose and fell off . No problem finding where they went and no issue since.The 13.5 amp breaker might seem strange , but if running at 240 ... 240 * 13.5 = 3240Watts . How about that , just as rated ! I am able to run the 1500W smoker -LRB- 12.5 amps + -RRB- , and still handle the starting surge and run my 7 amp shop vac and a large portable stereo speaker boost system . My Fluke multimeter shows the voltage at 112 steady as a rock . I am more than satisfied.After run in , my only issue is that the handle rattles during operation and probably adds a few dbs to the sound level , but a bungie cord will solve that.As I could by 3 of these for the price of a Honda 2000W and I do n't need silent running , I am more than satisfied with my purchase .
 The generator that I purchased from amazon . com is excellent . when I received it there was no instruction manual , which I wish I had ? Im pretty good at figuring things out so I put it together with no problem . We were going to the mountains the next day so I did not want to put any gas in it and haul it in my camper , so we did not even start it . When we got to our destination I put gas in it and checked the oil , amazingly it started on the first pull and ran all night and was fairly quiet I have no complaints with this unit , thanks
 This generator is a great buy ! It powers my 15000btu ac on my toyhauler with no problems . It lasted 17 hours on one tank of fuel running the ac , tv and lights . The engine is very quiet running and the exhaust note is not bad at all . The noise level is about normal conversation tone . This generator is great for camping and wo n't keep you up at night with the noise ! I am very happy with Amazon and how they treat their customer 's .
 Ordered the ETQ -LRB- TG32P12 -RRB- 4000 Watt Generator last month , shipment was a few days early , assembly was quick w/easy to follow directions . I added the correct amount of oil and when I attempted to fill the gas tank , that 's when the problems started . As I was adding gas , I noticed that it was leaking back out around the pipe fitting that was pressed in on the bottom of the tank . Investigation revealed that the pipe was not properly installed . I called ETQ -LRB- Eastern Tools & Equipment -RRB- , I was prepared for a fight in order to get this tank replaced , but to my surprise all they asked for was copy of the sales receipt , and they would ship a new tank out immediately . I received the new tank in two days , installed it in a matter of minutes , filled it with gas , and started the generator on the second pull . I connected my 8.5 Amp Pool Pump to the generator , started the pump , and did not notice that it loaded down the generator at all . I ran the pump for five -LRB- 5 -RRB- hours , change the oil and notice no metal in the used oil as reported by others . Overall I 'm satisfied with my purchase .
 We encountered an extended power outage due to the 30 '' snow storm in February which caused our sump pump to fail and our basement to flood . The resulting damage and repairs easiliy exceeded $ 25K . We immediately ordered this generator to power our sump pump during power outages . The price was excellent for a generator capable of 3,000 watts continuous . The generator arrived in great condition , assembled in just about 20 minutes , and started without an issue . We 've already used it twice , once for maybe an hour . But last night , we had a 7 hour outage . Without the generator , our basement would have flooded again . We ran the generator for 7 hours , and used maybe 1/4 tank of gas . The generator has started reliably every time , and has run smoothly . I am extremely satisfied with this purchase and I am thinking about buying another . I try to start it up once every week , and I changed the oil for the first time after this outage , which was very easy . The unit is relatively quiet and easy to move . Very easy to operate and maintain . Not a single complaint that I can think of , given the price , quality and performance .
 This is a very good product for the money . I recommend changing the oil frequently until the engine is broken in . I ran it for an hour than changed the oil , I did that twice , than again at 5 hours . The only problem I had is that one of the outlets had neutral and hot wire switched . You can pick up a little tester at a home improvement store for a couple bucks to determine this . customer service never responded to my countless emails about this . It wasnt a big deal to remove the front panel and switch the wires . the only reason I gave 4 stars and not 5 is due to the no response from customer service . I sure hope I never need to contact them for any reason in the future ! Great product . also if your going to keep fuel in it , you should add a stabilizer such as sta-bil in order to keep deteriorating fuel from damaging carburetor and inside of tank . You wont be disappointed with this product . I am very pleased with mine
 Excellent product for the money . I use it as a backup generator and it 's always ready and willing ! Starts right up with one pull . Perform good routine maintenance and no doubt you 'll be able to count on this generator .
 What a great generator for the price and free shipping to boot ! Ordered late Sat . and and arrived Tuesday ! You ca n't go wrong with this GEMerator . I was going to purchase the Honda IU2000 and know a couple of people that have them and use w/their RV 's . Liked the fact that they are super quiet but did not like the fact that they would only run 4hrs on a tank of fuel and would not run AC . This generator covers both these negatives w/flying colors and 1/3rd the price ! Not as quiet as the Honda but not at all too noisy either . Do n't get me wrong ... the Honda is a great generator but it comes at a cost.The ETQ 4000 was very easy to start -LRB- 2nd pull -RRB- and purred like a kitten . Put her to the test right away and everything worked flawlessly . I will put it through its paces this coming week at deer camp and will update as to how it performs in the field . So far very happy w/this purchase ! Do n't worry about the ney sayer 's on adding oil and pull cord being an issue . Was no issue at all if you have any kind of mechanical skills . Pulled from box , set-up on work bench and filled w/oil and a little gas , pushed over choke lever and gave a pull . Pulled one more easy pull and she came to life . Was concerned before purchase as to how loud it would be but was very pleased!Happy in Michigan
 This is an inexpensive generator that is perfect for my use . It seems to work fine . Shipping was prompt and I was kept informed of shipping status .
 I ordered this generator from out of state on April 27 , the day after tornados ravaged Alabama knocking out power to most of Northern part of the state . The order was for one-day delivery . I received the unit in less than 24 hours . Kudos to Amazon and FedEx for delivering in less than one-day . Assembly of wheels and handle was simple . All that is then required is adding oil and gas . I did add too much oil and had to drain some out to get to the proper fill level . I used this generator for four days or about 60 hours . The generator ran fine the entire time.This is a very good simple pull start generator . There are no gauges or meters . The plug arrangements support both home and RV use . If you are sure 4000 watts will meet your power requirements , then this is a great generator . However , recommend surge capacity be figured into he power requirements . I had numerous GFI kick-outs due to surges when my refrigirator/freezer turned on . This site has the information necessary to determine your average power requirements
 I 've used this generator a few times now and my only complaint is that it is hard to start after it has sat for a while .
 Who
 This product is compact , quiet , and performs valliantly.It is smaller than most -LRB- Chinese manufactured -RRB- competitive units ; it 's also manufactured in Canada , from which I infer that a living wage is paid to adults in order to produce it.It meets California emissions standards -LRB- while many do not -RRB- . It is reasonably priced , easy to assemble , and has been ABSOLUTELY reliable during the two power failures -LRB- both major Eastern US storms -RRB- in which it has been used to run my sump pump and keep my refrigerator on.The stars say it all
 This was purchased for power outages . I must say it powers my whole house and uses very little gas . You will have to have an electrician make you a plug so it will run the house but at least you can have heat and not lose all your food if you lose power .
 East to start with steady RPM at 3/4 load and 10 + hours of run time . Well worth the purchase price . Appears to be a Honda engine .
 THIS UNIT IS QUIET AND WORKS GREAT.THE PRICE IS RIGHT AND THE FREE SHIPPING IS THE ICING ON THE CAKE .
 Only problem was that the item arrived a month after ordering when I was told it would ship in 2 to 5 days ... Other than that it arrived with no damage . everything went together well . It held almost a quart of oil . I had about 1/8 of a bottle left . Filled the machine with gas , turned on the switch , pulled the rope and it started right up . turned the choke off and it ran great . I thought it was fairly quiet as some say it is loud . I plugged in my 1/2 horsepower air compressor , radial arm saw , shop vac , and overhead light , and it did just fine . All of those items totaled about 3,600 watts . Overall think it is a good product for the $ 299 and free shipping . Hopefully it will hold out for the long run .
 I purchased this generator for emergency use.I moved and sold my coleman 5000 and realized I should not have , so I Started to look for one . I read the reviews on this one and liked what I read , so I am going on their word . I liked the free shiping and it was easy to start and is not as loud as my coleman 5000 , and very easy to move around , and it shiped in very good shape , I am very pleased with it .
 I was pleasantly surprised when my generator arrived in one piece . The packaging was a little scuffed on the edges , but everything inside was in great shape.The prior reviews inspired me to be prepared before I attempted assembly so I bought a flex neck funnel before I assembled and started my new toy.Assembly was simple with the tools included with the generator , with the exception of the nuts on the wheel assembly . But that was easily solved with the 3/4 '' wrench from my tool box . After everything was assembled , other accessible nuts tightened and oil and gas filled , the engine fired on the third pull . Engine runs smooth , but its a little loud . My dad 's Honda is much quieter , but he paid five times as much for his generator too.I bought this to primarily power the a/c unit on my trailer and use for emergency back-up . If you 're wanting something ultra quiet for use in congested campgrounds , this might not be the best generator for your needs . But this will meet my needs very nicely !
 I am very pleased with the generator that I ordered . I am no longer worrying about my basement being flooded . Thanks Amazon
 After shoping around I ordered the ETO 4000W generator a few weeks ago . It arrived quickly and in good condition.Putting on the wheels and the handle was easy . I checked the oil , added about half a tank of gas and pulled the starter rope slowly to turn the engine over and gave one sharp pull . Started right up . I pugged in a 500W shop light which worked just fine . I got this generator to run the furnance , fridg and freezer if the power goes out here . This generator hopefully will not be used much , so I added some gas stablizer to the fuel.I am very pleased . Very good price and works fine .
 PURCHASED IN JAN 08 AFTER A MAJOR POWER OUTAGE , GENS WERE EPA AND CARB CERT AT THE TIME -LRB- 196 CC ENGINE -RRB- , NOT SURE WHY NO LONGER CARB CERT . GENERATOR ARRIVED IN GOOD CONDITION , AS MENTIONED BY OTHERS SOME NUTS AND BOLTS FOR WHEELS AND HANDLE WERE LOOSE IN BOX , ALL WERE THERE THOUGH . PUT IN OIL AND GAS , DIDNT INITIALLY START , FORGOT CHOKE , I 'VE SINCE FORGOTTEN SEVERAL TIMES AND THE ENGINE WILL NOT START WITHOUT THE CHOKE ! WITH CHOKE AND GAS ON , EASILY STARTS 1ST OR 2ND PULL . PUTS OUT STEADY VOLTAGE 118-121 @ 60-62HZ LOAD OR NO LOAD ! SEEMS WELL MADE , ALL PIECES ARE WELL FINISHED AND ASSEMBLED . RECENTLY NOTICED THE AIR CLEANER WAS CRACKED ON CARB SIDE , PROBABLY DURING SHPMNT . CALLED ETQ CUST SERV , FAXED RECEIPT AND TOLD PART WOULD ARRIVE 2 WKS , ONE WEEK WAS PART RECIEVED . REPLACEMENT PART WAS APPARENTLY TAKEN FROM ANOTHER GEN BUT WAS GOOD AS NEW . AS A BONUS CUST SERVICE IS IN USA , SIMPLE , COURTEOUS AND PROMPT . HAVE ONLY USED GENERATOR SO FAR TO BREAK IN ENGINE AND FOR ABOUT A 1 HR OUTAGE , WINTER IS COMING AND EXPECT MORE USE . FOR THE PRICE W/FREE SHPG CANT GO WRONG , ONLY UNKNOWN IS LONGTERM DURABILTY .
 This works great but , is quite loud.I am glad I saved on shipping , cause now , I have to erect a small sound deading shed -LRB- wood with hard board insulation -RRB- around it to hold down the noise.I will make it so the back will be able to slide back and forth -LRB- open and close -RRB- to let the exhaust fumes escape.Still worth the price -LRB- $ 299 -RRB- !
 I was a little nervous buying an item such as this for such a good price , but I am very satisfied with it . Some reviewers had problems with shipping damage which also made me hesitate , but the generator arrived via FedEx with only minimal damage to the box . The generator was free of any damage inside . Wheels and handle were easy to assemble ... just be careful you find each nut and bolt in the packaging material . There was a hole in the parts bag and I found one of the nuts in the bottom of the box . Engine started on the second pull and wow does it run quiet and smooth ! It 's definitely not some cheap , whining sounding piece of junk like some campers may use . Also , the pull rope is not so difficult to get to like some reviewers say . I 've definitely seen worse ... this one was easy enough to pull . I really recommend this generator because of the quality you get for the very small price tag .
 Just got my unit today . I gave it a test with a ac unit and it worked great . The spec 's are not right on amazon . The model is a tg32p12 eastern tools & equipment.Here are the Specs from the instruction book it came with.tg32p12engine type 4 stroke air cooled OHVDisplacement 207 cc 12.63 cu in.Bore x Stroke 70x54 mm 2.76 x2 .13 inEngine rated power 5.15 KVA @ 3600 r/min 7 hp @ 3600 r/minfuel unleadedfuel tank capacity 15.14 l 4 galoperation hours 13 hrs @ 50 % loadengine oil capacity 0.6 l -LRB- 20.3 ounce -RRB- Engine start pattern manual startgenerator type synchronous generatorphase singlepower factor cos 0 = 1.0 ac output voltage 120vac output frequency 60hzac output max power 4000 + - 10 % wattsac output rated power 3250 + - 3 % wattsnoise level 65 db @ 7mweight 48.0 kg 105.7 lbsdimensions 63.5 x54 .0 x49 .5 cm 25.0 x21 .3 x19 .5 in240 volt output.My unit came with out any shipping or factor damage . It start ion the first pull and ran study . Also the receptacles types on the unit are .1 nema 5-20r 125 volt 20 amp gfci duplex1 l5-30r 120 volt 30 amp twist lock1 nema l14-30r 240/120 volt 30 amp twist lock
 Received in relatively good condition . Lower crossbar bent but easily straightened . Nice-looking unit . Instruction manual adequate . Started right up . Choke lever is real flimsy . Seems to work OK , but since I bought it for emeregency use , fortunately I have n't had to use it so far . If it continues to work , it 'll be a real bargain @ $ 299 .
 I acquired one of these a few weeks ago strictly for emergency usage , which will hopefully be rare , if ever used . I expect to power a well pump , furnace fan , lights , TV , fridge , microwave , etc. ... but not necessariy all simultaineously . The ETQ TG32P12 has adequate capacity for this use for my circumstances.The generator was shipped via UPS and recieved within a few days . The shipping box showed some significant wear and tear but no major areas indicating shipping damage . After removing the unit from it 's box , I noticed the generator end had two minor dents to the generator housing and the frame seemed slightly bent . These were both minor cosmetic issues not worth any followup . I am very satisfied with the unit 's overall fit & finish.Adding gas and oil , the unit started the first pull . It is very quiet ! I powered two 1500 watt heaters via the 4 pin locking connector generator outlet -LRB- I had to buy a $ 20 cable to do this -RRB- for about 90 minutes . These loads are close to the unit 's maximum rated output . The generator carried the load properly , reacts to load changes quickly and the output voltage was in the neighborhood of 110 volts -LRB- using an analog volt meter -RRB- . The motor-generator does ` buck ' around some within the unit 's frame when at this load . I was using it in my yard , so it did not wander around any . But it might if used on a hard surface.When I switched the generator off , it continued to run ! I checked the wiring around the switch and noticed a wire had pulled loose from a connector in the wiring harnass . The generator powered down after I plugged this wire back in.I would have preferred an additional 120 VAC GFCI outlet instead of the 3 pin L5-30R outlet . This would provide GFCI protection for both of the generator 's 120 VAC output circuits . A built-in volt meter would be useful . The provided wheels are a small diameter and very narrow ... fine for a hard surface , but somewhat problematic for grass or softer surfaces . I do have some concern for the observed `` bucking '' under load . I suspect this is typical for most generators , but we 'll see what portions of the unit , its wiring harness , etc. shakes loose with usage.I believe the TG32P12 represents a good value for a backup , emergency power role for many home situations . It has adequate power capacity for many items in a typical home . However , it does not have capacity to power things like an electic water heater , electric range , heat pump , central air conditioning , etc. .
 This generator although not as quiet as a honda sure does the job . When I first got it , put gas and oil in it and started in one pull .
 I was happy to see that the packaging was very well done.The generator arrived in excellent condition.After twenty minutes assembling and prepping it , it starter on the second pull.Nice quiet machine.Just hope that it has no problems running for an extended time when needed .
 I have used this generator twice in emergency situations and it has worked flawlessly . Great value for price .
 Great little machine . Started on first pull . As others commented the pull rope is in a poor position as the oil fill hole . But its very smooth ... QUIET ... & appears to be a great generator . The owners manual is a little wimpy but its sufficient to get you going . The handle mounting bracket was bent upon receipt but a few minutes in my vise & a hammer fixed that problem . I wish the gas port had some type of spout as the fuel splashes when filling ... I will invest in a wide mouth funnel to fix that problem . Shipping was free which sealed the deal for me as most companies wanted to charge $ 70 or more . Overall a great deal !
 Got my generator delivered on time as stated . No damage and assembly was quite simple . -LRB- Wheels and skid feet -RRB- . Took a few pulls to start but ran fine after adjusting the choke . I purchased the generator for my 5th wheel that has everything in it including A/C . I turned on 6-8 lights , TV , DVD player and kicked on the microwave and there was only a slight noticeable load on the generator and evened out after about 2-3 seconds . After the microwave finished I turned on the A/C with all the other items running and no problems at all . So far I am satisfied with the unit . Time will tell if all turns out good . Oh yes , I did buy a funnel with a long spout and glad I did ahead of time . The noise level is very acceptable , depends on the individual I guess . All in all I think it is a good buy .
 I purchased my first TG4000 during the 6 days power outage in my area caused by Hurricane Ike 's passing . A previous 1000W Generac refused to start and I was sure it would n't have done much good anyway . I was n't home when the unit arrived and the carton appeared to have been retaped , but despite a few shipping dings looked to be in good shape . Keeping the first experience short ... I think I 'd been sent a customer return . I found the air filter cover broken and twisted out of place , the unit already filled with oil , and subsequent troubleshooting found the spark plug connector broken , and the fuel tank pushed in at the outlet , enough to have splintered the paint under the tank . Never did get the unit to start . Amazingly , Amazon took the unit back without argument.I waited a bit more than a month before deciding that the unit specs and price were what decided me on the purchase the first time , so I order again . Less than 2 days to deliver and I had a much cleaner carton , insignificant shipping dings , a with a small price reduction . Still , I waited nervously for 3 weeks before opening the carton . After a thorough visual inspection , I declared the unit perfect , and proceeded to prepare for the first running . This unit was dry , so I filled the oil , added barely a liter of gas -LRB- unlike the over-eager filling that I gave the first unit -RRB- , set the choke , and prepared to start the engine.I really was n't expecting to start the engine . I was squatting , off balance , and using my left arm -LRB- right handed -RRB- , so I was merely attempting to move some oil around and ensure gas was in the carb . Oops ... despite the efforts of a 10 year old girl -LRB- no slight intended -RRB- , the engine fired , tentatively chugging , growing smoother and quieter with every second . It was such a satisfying feeling . I was almost giddy with delight . I had to run and get the wife for Show and Tell . I have n't had the need to use it yet , and in fact , due to my first experience I had n't bothered to install the wheels and handle -LRB- in the event another unit was going back -RRB- . Nonetheless , the unit is relatively quiet , smooth running , easy starting , and besides generally good looking . As I 've seen in other posts , the fuel gauge may not be working . That was one thing that worked well on the first unit , but with this one it may be that I just have n't filled the unit to the point the float is activated . Aside from that , I 'm prepared for a many years of satisfied , emergency backup power . I had my Generac for over 20 years , so I 'm hoping for something similar .
 The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because I have not had it long enough to know the overall preformance of the generator.I purchased this generator after researching several from different manfuactures and different reatailers . After reading all the reviews and talking to some of my neighbors I decided to try this one out . It arrived in 7 days with no shipping charges and there was no damage to the carton it came in , as had been described in some of the reviews . Unpacking and assembly took about fifteen minutes . I then checked the air cleaner , filled the oil , you will need a long necked funnel for this , and fueled it up . The motor pull is in an akward location but has a guide so it should not be subject to escessive wear . I then pulled the start rope and it did n't start on the first pull . I had forgotten to close the choke , after closing the choke I pulled the rope again and the motor started right up and ran very smothly . After a warm up I ran my 10 '' table saw , router and skill saw all at the same time . The motor reved on start up but then settled back to a constant speed . It is very quiet for its size , my wood splitter has the same size Honda engine and is far louder . I purchased this as an emergency back up for our home since we live 18 miles out of town and have had several power outages in the past two years . I do n't know the long term endurance of this product but for the price it seamed the best deal around . As we use it more I will update this review as needed , but for now I 'm happy with it .
 The only reason i did n't give it a 5 star is because of packaging . With all the comments about that , you would think they would have changed something by now . But maybe if they did the price would not be as acceptable . This is a good value for the buck . I have only used it twice and have not been disappointed . If it can last awhile , its a 5 star .
 I had a big mix up with my order . After a lot of communication I did receive my generator . It came with a broken motor mount . I tried to ship it back but for some reason they said it could not be shipped back . I assembled it , put oil and gas in and it fired up on the first pull . I have used it at least 5 hours a day for 3 weeks and it still runs great . I have run 2 saws and 1 saw and a 2 hp air compressor . So far it is a great buy .
 I bought this 4 weeks before the big October snow storm in the northeast from Amazon who delivered it within a few days . I was out of power for 9 days and this generator ran 24/7 without any issues powering my furnace , water pump , fridge , T.V. and a few lights . The best thing is that it ran for 10-11 hours on 4 gallons of gas and was quite . I really needed this machine to produce and it never let me down .
 Powered the fridge , freezer and furnace during our recent outage in New England . It did have a tendency to stop running once in a while -LRB- started back up easily though -RRB- . Clearly not a high end unit , but very pleased for the price.Follow up
 This generator worked great when we needed it most . It was our first Generator so we did not know what to expect but there was no surprises . If you plan to connect it to your Circuit Breaker Panel order the L14-30 Receptacle box they are hard to find during a natural disaster and the matching Extension Cord . For the price you ca n't beat it.Pros1 . Wheels and feet were easy to install even came with tools .2 . Small footprint .3 . Started on the second pull , ran smooth out of the box .4 . The L14-30 Receptacle made it easy to wire into main panel .5 . Powered - Direct Vent Boiler/w circulator pumps , Refrigerator/Freezer , 50 ' Plasma , DVR and several lights .6 . Lasted 9 + hours overnight , it would have gone longer but I topped it off anywayCon1 . Louder than I would have liked but not too loud2 . Fedex was suppose to deliver before 3pm but they did n't come until 4:30 had to wait all day .
 Received in good condition and on time . It also had an adapter for the plug . I needed to fill the oil or unit will not let you start it when new .
 Arrived in excellent shape . 20 minutes to assemble and fill with oil and gas . Started right up with no problems . For the money spent , very satisfied . Pretty quiet .
 I have used this generator only a few times but love it -- reasonably quiet - and left it outdoor after a rough winter , needed it , and it started on the second pull - its tough to beat that
 good generator , well built . was used for an outdoor music series , ran small number of lights and a medium sized sound system with no problems . product was also easy on the ears .
 Put oil in it and assembled the wheels . Started on the third crank . Looking forward to using it this rennaisance season .
 I received this generator in a week or so after ordering from Amazon . Unlike some others , I did not have any issues with the physical integrity of the unit . I did of course have worries about the quality control issues after reading many of the reviews . Assembly was very quick and it fired up after about 10 pulls . I have not run it for more than 20 minutes at a time yet , but I connected a couple of loads to it and everything worked as advertised . I will give it 5 starts once I know it is dependable . Maybe I am just lucky that it came in one piece and worked out of the box .
 The generator was delivered on the date expected , there was no damage with the exception of a slight dent to a support bar underneath the engine . As noted in previous posts , you will need a long neck oil funnel . After adding oil and gas it started on one pull , it ran smooth and the noise level is less than a lawn mower . My plan is to change the oil after 5 hours and again after 10 hours . The machine looks and works great , time will tell . A volt and hour meter would be nice additions ... a great unit for the price .
 I purchased this generator for emergency power outage use . It does require some assembly -LRB- put on handle and wheels -RRB- but it only took a few minutes . The 240V outlet on it was angled through the mounting hole also , but it was because the wires to it are just barely long enough and the mounting `` ears '' were bent . I removed 4 bolts to access outlets from the back and bent the mounting ears back to correct this . You should have a funnel with a long spout to fill oil -LRB- I bought one for about $ 2.00 -RRB- . Filled it with oil & gas and it started on the 2nd pull . Adjusted choke and it ran very smooth and is not that loud -LRB- product descripton claims 68 decibels at 21-feet . The box states 75 decibels -RRB- . I think it was a good purchase for my needs , hopefully only have to use it once a year at most .
 I received this generator just last week and just in time for a several-hour power outage . When my power went out yesterday afternoon , my new generator was still sitting in my garage unopened . I opened the box only to discover that there was not a manual or any paperwork whatsoever inside . It was n't too difficult to figure out however . There are two wheels and two rubber feet that need attached to the bottom and a handle that needs attached to the side . That was all of the assembly that was required . I filled it up with 10W-30 oil and then put in the gasoline . It started up pretty easily . -LRB- After I figured out which way the choke was supposed to go ! -RRB- I let the engine stabilize and then plugged in a lamp to make sure that everything was working OK . After a brief moment where my heart sank when the light did n't come on , I realized that the GFCI breakers come tripped . I reset them and viola - light!I connected a 2200sf pellet stove , two lamps , and my refrigerator/freezer to the generator . Of course , when I plugged in the fridge , it stuttered briefly , but it got back on track very quickly.I 'm pretty impressed with it so far!Update following Northeast Dec 2008 ice storm ... -LRB- just two weeks AFTER the previous post -RRB- My power was out for four days . This generator got almost EIGHTY hours of run time . I changed the oil once for good measure but it kept the house warm and the lights on !
 After some extensive searching I ordered the TG32P12 based on the value/price/review ratios found on AMAZON.The gen arrived in about 5 days with no damage to the box . I pulled it out of the box and added the handle , wheels , oil , and gas . It started on the first yank , excellent ! In my opinion , the oil filler plug and pull cord in their offset positions are not as big a deal as some have mentioned in their reviews . I let it run for a bit ... wow , very quiet . The machine itself is satisfyingly styled with a nice blue and black color scheme . I tried to apply power but got nothing . I found that the GFCI would not test/reset . I tried grounding the generator , changing cords , etc. , nothing worked . The GFCI was definitely dead and also while searching underneath I found that one of the engine foot mounts was broken . I 've seen that damage described before in the online reviews . Since it was a Saturday afternoon I knew it would be a day or so before I could get in touch with ETQ or Amazon . I was VERY aggravated but sent off a short note to AMAZON letting them know what my problem was . I clearly stated that the generator ran fine but would not provide power and that a mount was broken . I asked how I could get a replacement or a repair authorized.The next morning I was surprised to find an email from an AMAZON rep stating that he was sorry for the defective shipment and that a replacement had been ordered and would be shipped immediately -LRB- let me mention that in many years of ordering from AMAZON , this is the first item that I had arranged for a return -RRB- . The email also stated that I had 30 days to return the defective item or I would be charged for it . A link was provided in the email to print a pre-paid shipping label when I was ready to send it back . All this made my Sunday better than had been anticipated.Four days later the new generator arrived . This time the box was in tatters but after opening it up with the FedEx girl watching , the generator appeared in top shape with no damage noted . I added gas and oil and also swapped the wheels and handle from the first generator . Once again , it started up with the first pull . The GFCI tested good so I plugged in a weed whacker , held my breath and pulled the trigger ... she ran like a champ.Now that I had what I paid for I had to get the defective generator ready to ship back . While draining the oil and gas I sat down at my computer to print out the shipping label . I ran into a dead end when I tried to open the link to the pre-paid label that had been sent by the AMAZON rep. I was informed in writing that returns on this item were not allowed as law prohibited shipment due to the dangerous liquids involved . So now I had two generators , one working and one defective , and in the predicament of being charged for both if I did n't return one of them -LRB- which was prohibited by law -RRB- within 30 days . The dangerous liquids in my stomach started to bubble again so I got on the phone and called the fine folks at AMAZON . After explaining the situation to a rep I could sense him rubbing his forehead and I even heard him mutter , `` Oh , boy '' . He then put me on hold for about 15 minutes to talk with his Big Kahuna . I had an inkling what was coming and sure enough when he came back on he cheerfully told me that I was allowed to keep the first generator free of charge . He said the second one was shipped in error and I should have been authorized a repair instead . He informed me I could junk the broken generator if I wanted to -LRB- `` yeah , right '' -RRB- . Wrapping this up . The next day I took both generators and sat them side by side . I 'm not an electrician but somewhat mechanically inclined so I took off the front panel and found wires on the non-working model did not match the set-up on the working one . I changed them around but once I fired it up -LRB- using rubber gloves to avoid killing myself -RRB- she still did not provide power nor would the GFCI test/reset . I then used an electrical wire checker and found that the wire bundle coming from the working generator beeped but the wires from the non-working one did not . I pulled off the air grate from the end of the generators and looked at both of the wirings . Sure enough I found they also did not match up . A cable with a -LRB- + -RRB- sign on the non-working engine was in a different location then on the working one . I swapped it around and put everything back together . Fired it up with gloves on , and BINGO . She purred like a champ , GFCI tested/reset perfectly and it powered up my weed-whacker like it was meant to be . Last step was to add a block of rubber under the broken engine mount to support it while running.So now here I sit , with two perfectly working ETQ 4000 generators for which I paid a total amount of $ 349 . I eagerly look forward to waves of summertime black-outs while my gleaming fleet of new generators sit patiently waiting in their backyard shed . Thanks all in part to a lazy Chinese factory worker and the generous folks at AMAZON.com .
 I looked at every kind of generator available . I knew I did n't have the money for a Honda but I still wanted something I could rely on . After reading the great reviews for this Eastern Tools model I decided to take a chance . The price was definitely right for me . The price has since jumped up a little but I still may buy a second one . The box it came it was beat up a little but the generator showed no damage at all . . absolutely beautiful . As many others have mentioned , the pull start rope is totally mounted in the wrong place . My dad and I came up with a simple fix . We just drilled a hole in the front panel and put in a smooth metal grommet . Now the pull handle rests against the front panel and pull very smoothly . . not requiring that weird angle of pull it would have required . It looks great . . as if it came that way from the factory . The engine runs very smooth and is n't as loud as I thought it would be . We have only run a high output shop fan and some shop lights off of it so far with no surging at all . I am very happy with this generator and will probably buy another . Even at the new higher price it is well worth it .
 I bought this generator in late June 2008 while living north of Houston , Texas , just in time to try it out and have it on hand for the hurricane season , and I was so glad I did ! I always shopped around very carefully , and this was the least expensive generator for the output , and with several plug options . It has two standard two-prong 110V plugs with a GFCI -LRB- ground fault circuit interrrupter -RRB- , a three-prong 110V plug , and also a four-prong 220V plug -LRB- I had a heavy duty cord made special with the 220V plug on the generator and used the same style for a new plug I installed to feed directly into my well and house system -RRB- . I suppose if you are using a generator for work or all the time , you might buy a more expensive model that MIGHT perform better or last longer , but this generator was perfect for what I needed . Plus , they offered free shipping , and it arrived within five days of ordering . It was really a great deal!The generator ran perfectly for our needs . I had a new plug installed on our water well and had a heavy duty male-male cord made so I could plug one end into the 220V plug on the generator and one into the 220V electric line to our well . I just kept this generator at our well house , and when the power went off , I could start the generator , plug it in , and cut off the main power breaker at our meter , and the generator would power everything at the well and in the house.This generator sounded like it was a little rough running when it first started , but we never had a problem . It uses a little oil , as the air filter has an oil drip , but this is common ... you just have to have an extra quart or two on hand , and check it once a day if you are running it all the time . Like most generators , it is a little awkward to try to pour into the oil fill hole , and a small funnel is helpful -LRB- I added a short piece of clear flexible tubing to a small funnel , and it worked great -RRB- . I believe it has a low-oil shut-off , so if the oil gets low it will shut down -LRB- to prevent running with little or no oil -RRB- ... at least it did this once , and after I checked and added oil , it ran perfectly.The 4000W model ran our water well , pressure pump , and everything in the house except the clothes drier or air conditioner . It even ran our computers , wireless modems , and the HughesNet satelite internet system -LRB- I also had a small surge-protector & backup power supply that sensitive equipment was plugged into , to prevent any possible surges -RRB- , so we remained connected to the outside world via the internet , even when all other power , phone and cable land lines -LRB- and even cell-phone towers after a few days -RRB- went down . When Hurricane Ike went over the top of us and we were without electricity for a week , I would run this generator for two to three hours three or four times a day to keep the refrigerator and freezer cold , did a load of laundry a couple mornings -LRB- lucky the weather nice wnough to hang it out to dry -RRB- and we would watch a movie during the evening run . Fuel consumption averaged between three and four hours per gallon of gas.I was very pleased with it . It is light weight , and the wheels and handle made it easy to move . And another thing I like is that the nice people I talked to in Ohio were great to send a new air filter -LRB- for a reasonable price -RRB- when I lost mine one a year later . It was a great purchase . -- Nick Sheedy , John Day , Oregon
 I recently purchased this TG4000 generator after spending a week in the dark after hurrican Ike struck Ohio . I was able to borrow a Honda 1600 watt generator that helped with the big items -LRB- fridge , sump pump , etc. -RRB- during the blackout . As soon as the power came back on , I immediately starting searching for a good generator and ended up buying this one . I can tell you , this generator is quieter and has far more bells and whistles than the Honda . Do n't give me wrong , Honda makes great products , but for a generator I found you will pay close to $ 1 per watt for a Honda !! I did a lot of shopping around and most generators for this price wo n't have extras like
 I purchased this generator for emergencies and perhaps the occasional need for portable power . For the price , I have no complaints . This generator does the job . Size , Power , Run-time , Cost , Portability , this generator met all my expectations . During an emergency who cares about a little noise , it 's still quieter then a lawnmower.Most competitors of this size generator charge an extra 50 bucks for the wheel kit , so I 'm pleased it was included.There are some complaints about the oil reservoir location . From my experience , other generators are equally difficult to access . Just tilt the generator against something when you fill the oil.The Amazon Product Description is a little misleading :6.5 Hp -LRB- not 7 -RRB- , and 75 db -LRB- not 68 -RRB- Other thoughts - My generator arrived with some shipping damage . The manufacturer honored their warantee , and sent me the replacement parts without any hassle . So I 'm pleased overall .
 I purchased this generator a few months ago for use on our off-the-grid property.First the negatives which are mentioned elsewhere in other reviews :1 -RRB- the pull cord is recessed behind the support mounts so that it can not be pulled directly out from its housing but rather at a slight angle . Over time this may result in extra wear on the cord and cause it to break sooner than it would otherwise .2 -RRB- the oil fill is located at a difficult to reach location and angle , making it difficult to fill without a funnel , UNLESS , you have a friend tip the unit back about 30 degrees , and then filling is a breeze - just be careful not to OVERFILL.Now the positives :1 -RRB- The unit arrived promptly and in good condition .2 -RRB- Assembly was easy .3 -RRB- The generator starts easily every time
 I read most of the other reviews posted here before buying . Got the generator and unpacked it . As others posted , I checked the fuel line and found it dangling from the gas tank ! A pair of needle nose pliers got it clamped back on to the carburetor fairly easily . As others posted , directions are poorly written and the oil fill is awkward - I jacked the unit up on one side a bit to fill - ended up overfilling . Takes about 3/4 of a pint of oil . Filled tank with 2 and 1/2 gallons of premium gas with Stabil gas preserver - almost completely filling tank to my surprise - tank is supposed to hold 4 gallons ??? Gas gauge read full . Ca n't see how I could squeeze in another 1 and 1/2 gallons . Starting directions mention nothing about setting the choke so mine did not start right up on first 10 or so pulls . After setting choke , unit fired right up . As other posted , not quite as loud as a lawnmower , but close . I plugged in the battery backup that I use for my computer - voltage readout fluctuated from only from 118 to 121 - same as my house current . Have n't had the opportunity to test it during a power outage yet .
 After going through the Alabama tornadoes and loss of power for five days , I took the plunge and ordered one of these . I read the reviews here and on Home Depot 's site and they were very positive across the board . I bought it via Home Depot 's website.So far , so good . It is inexpensive and small and hides away nicely in the garage , starts up on the first or second pull , and seems well made . The manual is a little light on info , but it will do , I guess . There is n't really that much to say about a small engine like this . At the basic level , they are all going to say mostly the same thing.I got the recommended Coleman cable to extend the RV outlet into triple 120 3-prongs , and that cable supplies sufficient power for my refrigerator and small freezer -LRB- 10 amps total -RRB- without a hitch . So that covers the necessities and I still have three outlets left for occasional lights , TV , whatever . I have n't tested the run time but the specs say I should be good for close to two days on one tank , based on my anticipated usage.There have been three times in the last decade where I wished I had generator for emergency backup . There will be more coming , and I believe that I am prepared now.I got ta admit , though , that it was kinda peaceful and quiet , during that outage ...
 I live in Alabama and have listened to my wife tell me for years we needed a generator for emergency outages . I delayed the purchase too long and found myself desperately needing power after the recent tornadoes . I was also at risk of having to listen to a litany of `` I told you so 's '' . I purchased this unit because it could be shipped overnight . From that aspect alone it was a godsend.The unit comes in a box and the only assembly required is putting on the wheels and the handle . This should take approximately 10 min . Unfortunately , my unit had the holes for the wheels drilled in the wrong place on the frame . I called customer service to make sure drilling new holes would not void the warranty . Contrary to others who posted , I found customer service excellent and easy to deal with.The unit started on the second pull and quickly settled in . The unit was in use almost continuously for the next four days powering a couple of circuits of my house through a transfer switch . I stopped the unit for oil changes at the 5/10 and 20 our time intervals suggested in a previous post . The oil at the five-hour change was much dirtier than I thought it should be . The ten-hour change was nearly clear and the 20 hour change was also nearly clear . I intend to change the oil at 20 hour intervals while I own the unit.I have 40 hours on the unit and it has not skipped a beat.On the negative side , I do not believe there is a shop manual for this unit and the owners manual has very little information concerning future valve adjustments , carburetor cleaning/rebuilding etc. . Additionally , I have a sense that replacement parts in future years will be extremely difficult to obtain.Altogether , however , this is an extremely good value . Even considering the good value I think , if I were to do this again without time being a factor , I would consider buying a larger unit with a Briggs & Stratton engine or a Honda . The larger unit could power multiple household circuits at the same time . Additionally , I would know parts will be nearly always available , a shop manual will be printed and there will be many repair shops that can work on the unit if it is required .
 I bought the TG32P12 for an emegerncy generator for a small company I work for . Upon testing , I found this generator is very high quality . The engine is quite and voltage stabilization is very good . I tested it up to 3000W with two 1500W space heaters and Kill-a-watt and it ran good . Fast switch of the load did not change the voltage a lot ; the voltage swung between 122V and 114V . The engine is definitely quiter than other Chinese OHV engine . I have a big box supermarket brand 3000W generator and I ran the two generators side by side . The exhaust noise is about the same , but the mechanical noise from engine is vastly different . Another difference is the height of the generator . The generator head is smaller in diameter -LRB- than other 3000W generators -RRB- and this results in overall lower height of the generator.Although this generator safely powered computers and monitors , some UPS battery back-up does not recognize the generator power and denied to run and charge the battery . I think it is because the frequncy of the generator output is not exact 60Hz . APC Back-UPS did not recognize the generator but Tripp-Lite OMNI UPS -LRB- intermittently -RRB- worked with the generator.And I had difficult time in connecting computers to the generator due to GFCI recepticle in the generator . The GFCI circuit breaker kept tripped . I solved this issue by changing the neutral wiring to floating neutral . You can find many good article about modifying a generator to floating neutral wiring .
 We live in the DC area with a power company that routinely loses power with any weather - snow , storms , etc. . After spending much of last winter in a freezing house , we decided to purchase a generator . Thank goodness we did . We lost power this last time for 4 days , and this generator allowed us to remain in our home . Using extension cords , we were able to heat our family room with a space heater to 70 degrees , had a few lights and TV . What a difference from the last storm . It used about 1/2 gallon of gas an hour . It started easily , was easy to use and made our home habitable .
 After a nasty ice storm blew through Southwest Oklahoma in early February and caused us to be out of power for a few days , I decided it was time to have a generator handy , since it 's safe to say either we or friends would use it . I did some research online and decided on this model as being adequate to power our necessities -LRB- other than central heater -RRB- in case of a lengthy outage.The generator arrived intact ; mine did n't suffer any of the damage or defects others have reported -LRB- broken air filter housing , bad fuel line attachment to the gas tank -RRB- . I pulled it out the box , attached the wheels and handle with the included tools and added just a hair under a quart of 10-30w oil , a gallon of gasoline . After reviewing that everything was where it should be -LRB- choke closed , fuel valve open , switch in the on position -RRB- , I gave the cord one sharp pull and it fired immediately . I let it warm for a short time , opened the choke , and it settled into a very steady , stable thrum . It is definitely loud , so bear that in mind if you 're in a residential neighborhood -LRB- like I am -RRB- , but with the generator outside on my patio and me inside about 10 ' away , the noise was easily ignored . The oversized muffler definitely dampens the sound admirably . A/C power was provided to all of the outlets and seemed quite steady , the generator 's pitch never varied with the load and lights and such attached never flickered , but I was n't running it anywhere near even 25 % load at this point.The one small thing that was wrong was the engine switch . When I flicked it to the off position to turn off the unit , it kept running quite happily . I shut the fuel valve and it died after a minute or so . I checked the switch and saw that one of the wires had popped off during shipping , or was never attached during assembly . They 're they usual spade connections , so it took me 10 seconds to put it back on after I checked the schematic to make sure I was putting it on the right terminal -LRB- there are 2 unused ones on that switch . -RRB- Once I did that , the kill switch functioned properly - the engine will not start with it in the off position and will shut off if it 's operating and you turn the switch to the off position.One of the reviews mentioned changing the oil after the first 5 hours , then at 10 hours , then again at 20 hours , and then follow the maintenance schedule in the manual . This is VERY SOUND advice and I recommend the same procedure.The unit is very easy to handle after adding the wheels and handle . As others have mentioned , you 'll definitely be wanting a funnel with a long neck , or better , a flexible tube , for filling the oil.I am extremely satisfied with this generator , and while I hope I do n't have to use it in the same situation we just got through , I 'll rest easier knowing we have it . Best of all , it 's more than portable enough to transport to another location if a friend loses power and we do n't need it .
 Nice overall product for power loss which occurs here in Mesquite , Nv . 1-3 times a year . Although never longer than 5 hours at most . Easy to assemble wheels and handle . Started right up a bit noisy but who cares when you just want POWER ! I would recommend can not beat price . Keeps fridge , freezer , tv and lighting no problem ...
 I purchased the smaller 1200w ETQ generator several years ago , and was generally pleased with it . This one -LRB- 3250/4000w -RRB- came with a broken air cleaner housing , and a leaking fuel tank . I called ETQ and they promptly sent repair parts . The generator runs good , and is very quiet -LRB- huge muffler -RRB- . I got it to run a 220v water pump , construction site equipment , and my house in an emergency . So far , so good .
 I read all the reviews of this unit . I was worried it was a Chinese unit . No worries . Because I read the units , I knew the pros and cons , mainly starting it . I knew I had to put the wheels and `` feet '' on , which was very easy . I knew you had to have a long funnel for the fuel or to tilt the unit -LRB- generator -RRB- for fueling . I have to say , the reviews were right on . AND I did place the choke in the wrong position , so it took 4 pulls . BUT once it was in the right position , I COULD NOT BELIEVE it started right up . It is quiet enough , although you know it is there . No malfunctions . It arrived on time , missing no parts , absolutely no damage . Had I known , I would have done a video review . And my price was 367.00 out the door , shipped to my door . AND it has a 200 amp service outlet.P.S . I purchased this on Amazon because they honor replacement and shipment .
 I got this as a gold box item in June for $ 330 figuring it would be good insurance against power outage . Well four months later Sandy hit and I opened it up , added oil , gas and it started right up . Its worked well for two days running all day , off at night . Power supposed to be back in 4 - 5 days so glad I made the purchase . Changed the oil after running it the first day . Some metal particulates in the oil . Only problems have been two engine mounting bolts that vibrated loose and a spare nut that appeared which I cant find the bolt for . Spent a few minutes going over the generator snugging up nuts and bolts . Its a good back up emergency power supply .
 When most of Ohio was hit by huge storm on June 29th the whole state was in panick to find a generator . After searching just one morning , I decided to go to my reliable Amazon.com . I found this ETQ at a great price . When we plugged it in we were absolutely amazed at how extremely quiet it is . I would recommend this product to anyone who wants a great product to get the job done .
 Ordered Saturday night , delivered Monday . Great . Up and running now after 3 days without electricity . Handling refrigerator , fans , computers and other small items easily . Would have given it a 5 but the directions for the simple assembly were poor as were the manual pictures and the directions for starting . Biggest issue was it shipped without oil and , not surprisingly , it would not start without oil . After a frustrating 30 minutes or so of not starting , we finally realized that the missing oil was the problem . Started immediately after we filled with 10-30W oil . It should have been mentioned somewhere in the instructions that 10-30W oil was needed and that it did n't come with the generator -LRB- and you had to go out and buy your own -RRB- .
 I was faced with having to buy a new generator after my old one spit the bit -LRB- died -RRB- after 12 years of good service . I am a service Tech for Caterpillar and have been for 18 years . I have been a big fan of Generac for a long time . I do n't usually research things to much but this time I did . After pricing the new generacs and talking to several folks that are using import generators I looked at the ETQ TG32P12 . what sold me was the amount of tech . info that the web site had . my main concern was my a/c unit on my trailer is a 15K BTU . I knew that I wanted a smaller Gen this time so that I could pick it up and set it in my truck . my 5500lw took two people to pick it up . this ETQ advertised 33.3 AMPS That is what I need to run my trailer . All of the other 4000 watt gen sets are only 22 to 25 amps . I almost went to TSC and bought a champion because it was cheaper and I could get it now . I have never ordered any thing from Amazon and at $ 399.00 and free shipping I could wait three days.I ordered on the 18th and got it on the 25th . OK so it took a week . It arrived in good condition and only took 5 minuets to put together . I filled with oil and gas and then I noticed that it was tagged that it was only 27AMPS . Well Ive gone this far so I set the choke and it fired the first pull . I let it run for five minuets or so and the plugged up the camper . I turned on the a/c and it never bogged down and ran grate . I turned on the lights and TV and a fan . I loaded up the little Gen. and it absolutely knocked my sox off and is very quiet . If it will last Half as long as my old Gen. I will be back for another . I am a very HAPPY CAMPER
 The ETQ is a nice little generator . It is quite a bit more noisy than say a honda or yamaha , but it is also a fraction of the cost . It would be questionable if you could use this in a RV area , but for general use it is just fine . I added oil to the unit and added gas and it fired right up out of the box . I check the output voltage and it was spot on . This is a nice alternative to the true sine generators , because it has the true sign alternator .
 I purchased this unit because of loosing power two times last year in Rhode Island.One time we lost it for 6 days . This is a great unit for the money . It arrived in 4 days and in perfect condition . It is easy to set it up and had it running in 20 minuets.I decided to hook it up using a 30 amp 4 prong outside outlet and back-feed my panel.I am using an interlock so that you can not have the main breaker and the generator breaker on at the same time , which is illegal and can kill someone , like a lineman because you will be feeding the grid . So unless you know what you are doing , get an electrician to help you.I actually made my own interlock , I ca n't believe that they want $ 150 for a piece of sheet metal . I like back-feeding because you do not have to run extension cords all over the place and every circuit in the house will be powered . This is the lease expensive way to do it . The other option is to use a Manual Transfer Switch box , but they are $ 400 or more , and you are limited with how many circuits you have . Look both up on Youtube and that will be a big help . You have to be balanced on this because remember you will be able to run your refrigerator , TV , computer etc. and lights . My boiler also works with this set up . The only thing I had a problem with was the gas dryer because of the glow igniter draws a lot . I have to check though , the balance on the panel to make sure I 'm not pulling everything I need from one side of the generator . Remember that the generator is like the electric company , you have two 120 volt legs to it just like your panel has . So when you set it up you may have to move some breakers around so what you are mostly using is n't drawing all the electric from the same side . They actually sell a metering system to see what each side is drawing.I tested the generator and it worked just fine . I only ran it 3 times for totally about an hour . The only thing I noticed that I if after warming up I still could not run it with the choke wide open , I had to close it slightly for it to run at one continuous speed.Other than that I feel that it is very well made , and even though I would love a Honda , I figured for the amount of times I will use it why pay well over a thousand dollars.You also need to consider to have some fuel on hand if the power goes out . I purchased two 5 gal containers and filled them up and put them in the shed . Remember that gas only last at most 2 years , but I only go at the most 1 year and keep cycling it.After I run it a few hours , I will change the oil and make sure there is no gas in so it will be ready to go . Hope this helps you make the right decision .
 I just recived this unpacked -LRB- assambled very easy -RRB- added gas and oil I sware it did not even take a full pull to crank over it runs so quite it seams very well built there are roller barrings on both ends of the crank shaft I love this Generator !!
 The generator was delivered on schedule within a few days after placing the order . IT was easy to assemble the legs & Wheels . I agree with other reviews that the oil was a little difficult to put in and a long funnel would be helpful . I just tipped it on its side and filled it that way . After gassing up it started on the 3rd pull and ran smooth . Not too loud , like a lawn mower . I plugged in my small compressor and it ran without problem . I put some fuel stabilizer in the tank and stowed it away in the shed ready to go when we have the next power outage.Next step would be to wire the 30 amp 220v twist lock circuit in to the house wiring with a manual disconnect/transfer switch to avoid having to run extension cords all over.I would recommend this unit to others looking for 220v @ 30a in an economical value package that will get the job done when the lights go out without breaking the bank .
 I ordered this unit on Tuesday , November 22 and it arrived Monday , November 28 . Considering Thanksgiving was in between , I was impressed with the quick shipping.I had read horror stories about broken parts and poor packaging as well as negative comments customer service , so I was n't sure how bad my experience would be . The packaging was more than adequate , but it still arrived with a broken choke handle . On this unit the choke handle is part of the carburetor so a replacement carburetor would be needed.I went ahead and completed the wheel assembly and removed the shipping braces securing the motor , determined that I was n't about to ship it back . It took several attempts to contact a live customer service person at Eastern Tools , but once I got through I was super impressed with the results . My agent could n't have been more helpful . I received a new carburetor in about a week . They did offer to have me take the generator in to have someone install it , but I told them I was confident I could install it.Knowing that a new part was on the way , I figured I had nothing to lose by trying to repair the broken part . I carefully drilled out the broken pin on the carburetor -LRB- it 's cast aluminum -RRB- and drilled a hole completely through the plastic choke handle . I found a screw in my parts bin that was long enough , placed it through the choke handle and carefully tapped it into the carburetor with a screw driver . Works great ! And now I have a spare carburetor if I need it down the line.After a LOT of research , I bought this generator based on the claim of cleaner electricity for electronics . I filled it with oil ... yes the filler hole requires a small funnel , and gas and it fired right up . Checking the voltage and frequency was next . Without a load it was producing 121 volts and 63hz . I read somewhere that it 's about perfect for no load . I still plan to use surge protectors with my electronics.Based on my experience , I would recommend this generator for anyone needing an emergency backup .
 I was a little worried about it coming with damage after all the bad reviews but it arrived in excellent shape . I did n't want to dish out big bucks for a item I might only use once in awhile during an emergency , $ 400 . seemed like a good deal . I put it together in about 40 minutes and then tested it out . It ran fine , but I only ran it for about a hour . Hopefully it will live up to the challenge of a storm when I need it for Hours . I 'm happy so far.UPDATE - Lost power during the 2012 hurricane and it worked excellent .
 Ok , so I had the generator sitting in my garage for 5 months doing nothing , until Uncle IKE came visit . TG4000 kicked into service the day IKE left and worked like a charm for 48 straight hours without a hickup . What impressed me was how easy it started . I had enough power to connect refrigirator , lights and 1500 cooker with ease . The wheels and handle provided easily installed . The generator is definately worth the price . Other well known national home improvement stores , charge you higher price for a lower watts.Here are some imporvements tha could be made ; 1 -RRB- The sound from the generator engine is relatively loud . The box claims 72 db which I think is probably much higher . 2 -RRB- The unit lacks a guage to see how much power you are using . 3 -RRB- It would be nice to have a socket cover to protect during wet weather . 4 -RRB- The oil valve needs to be better accessible but nothing that a flexible cone from Lowes ca n't solveOverall a great value for your money
 I was actually shocked at how much electricity this generator creates . It managed to power my entire workstation for hours on end , and it 's also surprisingly portable . It 's durable , powerful , and also looks surprisingly futuristic . It 's no wonder why it was suggested to me by a friend . I 'm suggesting it too . Definitely work the money !
 title says it all , amazon prime stinks , DO NOT JOIN !! they cant deliver next day on anything ive ordered .
 We purchased this as a precaution against power cuts in bad weather for two reasons . Firstly my husband uses a non invasive ventilator to sleep with and secondly because we have a salt water fish tank which needs constant power . It is still in the box right now as shortly after delivery I had surgery so I can not lift anything heavy and it is too heavy for my husband to attach the wheels on his own as he is disabled . I have no doubt after reading previous reviews that it will do everything we need it to and more . Will add to this review once we have tried it .
 I PURCHASED THE GT4000 GENERATOR . -LRB- THE 6 MOS . NO INTEREST / NO PAYMENTS WITH A STORE CARD WAS ATTRACTIVE TO ME -RRB- . -LRB- IT 'S CHRISTMAS TIME -RRB- ! . . I SHOPPED QUITE EXTENSIVELY PRIOR TO BUYING ... I RELIED PRETTY MUCH ON THE REVIEWS HERE ... THE PRICE FOR THE WATTAGE OUTPUT IS UNBEATABLE ... ACTUALLY , THE LOW PRICE MADE ME A LITTLE LEARY ... BUT , I RECIEVED IT JUST AS IT CAME OUT OF THE FACTORY , IN PERFECT SHAPE ... NOT A SCRATCH OR DENT ... I AM SO IMPRESSED WITH IT 'S APPEARANCE AND THE REVIEWS OF OTHERS THAT I 'VE DECIDED TO LEAVE IT WITHOUT GAS AND OIL FOR STORAGE -LRB- SAFETY -RRB- UNTIL THIS SUMMER UNLESS I NEED IT BEFORE THEN ... -LRB- Assembly of wheels , etc. , was a CINCH -RRB- . . AT THIS POINT I AM TRUSTING THAT IT WILL RUN AND FUNCTION AS WELL AS IT LOOKS ... I WILL FIND OUT WHEN THE TIME COMES OR WHEN THE WEATHER IS WARMER -LRB- South Carolina -RRB- ... I AM WELL PLEASED WITH WHAT I SEE SO FAR AND HAVE FAITH THAT IT WILL SERVE ME IN AN EMERGENCY ... I WOULD RECCOMMEND IT BASED ON WHAT I KNOW AND HAVE SEEN SO FAR ... . THE PRICE IS CERTAINLY RIGHT , . . ESPECIALLY WITH FREE SHIPPING !!! ...
 My cascading fountain that consists of three half-barrels was clouding up with algae . I hooked this little unit in the line from the pump to the filter and plugged it in . It cleared out the green soup after one week -LRB- about 60 gallons of water -RRB- . Since then the water is crystal-clear and the fish are finally visible to us . It 's only 5 watts , so it is not a significant power user . Sure beats using chemicals to do the job .
 There have been a few folding saws in the garden shed , but this is the best by far . The slightly acute blade to handle angle is perfect and the folding lock works well . Not sure how this will hold up , but for the price it works well and looks like it was a real good choice .
 Great looking saw . Ca n't wait to try it out . My only complaint is that mine came in blaze orange and not green . I do n't feel like going through the hassle of exchanging it so I 'm keeping it . Apparently the folks at Amazon are color blind .
 Only think I would have liked is for the colors to be seperated instead of all mixed together .
 PROMPT DELIVERY . BULBS LOOK HEALTHY AND READY TO GROW ! CAN HARDLY WAIT . GET BACK TO YOU IN A MONTH OR SO !
 the zapper worked great , before i received this we were getting eaten alive whenever we were outside by mosquitoes , after starting this up we were able to be outside without being bitten , probably a bit overkill for my half acre yard , but figured with a few empty fields around a little extra would be good and it worked perfect .
 this product is the best had one before and needed a new one . zaps more bugs than any other zapper available .
 I dont know why all these web sites are sayin `` bug zappers dont kill mosquitos '' ... my wife kept telling me her parents had one that worked well . I just bought one and in 30-60 minutes I had killed 200 bugs , about 45 % asian mosquitos , 45 % black -LRB- local -RRB- mosquitos , and 10 % other bugs . After the first hour I 'm impressed and do n't understand why people say these dont attract them . Next im going to try the octenol and then the lurex to see if it helps , even though it did fine without either . I 'm in east texas where we have both types of mosquitos . One word of knowledge , the mosquitos do stop flying when the temperature drops to 60 degrees . GET ONE !
 I purchased two units on amazon.com , one worked very well and after one week most of the problem insects were killed.The only problem was that the grid got so cloged I had to clean the dead bugs off , The other unit only worked a few hours . I emailed the Co. 10 days ago and still have not heard from them . This points up one of the problems with buying online , you just can not take it back to the store .
 The product is great . We posted it 100 feet away from our outdoor dining area and not a single bug interfered during our outdoor meal .
 This thing works . If you change the atractent as recamended and place it 25 ' from your hang out area it works awesome . I also use a yard spray in conjunction with it and a couple of citronella touches . The combination is potent .
 This zapper works wonders ! It gets all the bugs around us so we can actually enjoy our backyard . The neighbors even like when we turn it on . Works for everyone !
 I saw these bear prints in a store for twice the amount I got them on Amazon . They are the same thing ... nice and heavy and unique . I got them as a gift for my avid hunter Dad , he loves them !
 The air wattress blow up easily and we used it for 5 nights without having to add air . Deflated OK , except could not fit back in original box.Great product
 I purchased this air bed for `` overflow '' sleeping , and have spent one night on it , myself . It was very supportive and comfortable , more comfortable , in fact , then my expensive innerspring mattress and box spring . Quick to inflate with the Coleman quick pump and easy to manage . I have recommended it to several friends .
 I was looking at a cheap option for hosting my regular visitors . The Coleman Airbed was a good choice . All my friends said it is comfortable . Of course , this is not a bed for everyday but definitely good enough for a week or two . You should plan in advance to recharge the pump -LRB- i had to buy it separately -RRB- and refill the mattress every second day . that 's the only inconvenience . otherwise it 's great !
 I recommend this item to anyone who tents it . It is the only way to go ! This is my second one I bought because I liked it so much . The first held up great , but it is not pet proof and my cat chewed a hole in it after many many uses . With the new one we are being smarter with storing it away from our naughty pussy cat .
 Make sure you get the air bed pump , and you will be very happy with the product .
 I love the Coleman Airbeds , I have 3 of them . We use them when we go camping , and we use them when guess come over . They inflate fast , hold air and are very comfortable .
 Have n't used this much but it is very comfy when your out roughing it
 I ca n't stress enough how much I love this line of Bahco pruners . I have the non-rotating handled one , and gave up my previously-beloved Felcos in favor of the Orange Menace as I call it . The blade stays sharp a long time , and the ergonomic design really and truly cuts down on wrist pain , and also cuts down on trips to my truck to get my loppers , as it cuts very thick branches that no other handheld shear can touch.I 'm a pro , so a year of use is probably like ten years of home use.Now to this model specifically
 After researching the web for a new pair of pruning shears , I came across the North Coast Gardening blog written by Genevieve in which she rates many different brands of pruners . In addition she has also included a review on this site as well.Whenever I purchase anything , I practically research it to death using sources from throughout the web . Because of the above article , as well as other reviews , I decided to try the Bahco PX-M2 pruning shears . However , I was still a little apprehensive about trying a brand I 'd never heard of , so I ordered an additional pair of Felco No. 2 's , as well.After using both , I 've got to say that the Bahcos are now my favorite pair . They cut easily and are very comfortable to use . I 'm no spring chicken and have arthritis in my hands , so I appreciate how easy these are to use.I recommend these highly and hope that others will not hesitate to try this brand . I 'm glad I made the change.Just a quick tip
 I have owned and used many of the top-of-the-line hand pruners from Fiskars , Corona , Felco , Toro , Stihl -- and I feel none are in league with the Ergo style design of Bahco . Very strong , long-lasting blades and grips , and the ergo-nomic design that saves the user 40 % exertion energy . I have searched for a better product ; there is none .
 If you love to prune your garden , or maybe you use pruners as apart of your job as a landscaper . Get rid of those Felco 's and move over to the easier side with Bahco . No more hand , wrist , forearm or elbow strain . I love these and will NEVER go back to the `` old way '' .
 I am a pro since 71 ' and complained to my garden vender about carpel aches and pains many years ago ... they turned me on to the Bahcos and I have never looked back ... and no more wrist spasms ... the steel they use for the blade is the best ; an edge really holds but is easy to touch up ... do your self a favor , you will not regret it ...
 Cream always rises to the top.Bahco have a reputation for a reason and this is another reason.Well made and balanced and retains sharpness and alignment.The ergo part works and it is still comfortable after an hours hard pruning.Excellent product that you do n't have to worry about spending a little more money on .
 My wife ordered me to post this review.Based on the rave reviews , I purchased this for my skeptical wife -LRB- along with a Japanese Hori Hori -RRB- . After the first day of using these two products , she proclaimed that these tools were better than sex . It 's been almost six months and she is still very impressed . My wife has said that the Bahco Ergo Pruner is much easier to use than her -LRB- now discarded -RRB- Fiskar pruner . She said that it prunes with less effort and is very sturdy . As a side note , I purchased the medium sized pruner for my wife who is a petite 4 ' 11 '' . It seems a little small to me -LRB- 5 ' 5 '' slim-frame -RRB- . There are also small , large , left-handed and probably foot versions of this item.Also note the limited lifetime warranty offered by Bahco , which is a division of Snap-On tools . Of course you have to ship the item to Bahco to fulfill the warranty , but I 'm not sure if other pruners offer this coverage .
 I bought these here on Amazon in December . Being winter in the northern hemisphere , I have all of my roses cut back and have not had occasion to use them much yet . I ordered them based on reviews here and elsewhere by `` North Coast Gardening '' and the commentary generated by the reviews . I have a rose garden of about 40 bushes and thought it worth the cost to have a pair of pruners that I enjoy using.Previously , I was using the Fiskars that the PO left in the garage . They were okay , but I wanted to upgrade b/c of the heavy use they will see and for my personal enjoyment . I bought some `` Corona '' pruners at Home Depot , but returned them after handling them and seeking info from online reviews . I think that they make some good tools , and kept the hedge shears . I may buy a pair of Corona loppers one day . But , as far as hand pruners go , I wanted something better than what they were offering -LRB- I did see some later at Fred Meyer that were n't in stock previously that I might consider as back ups , or for my wife . BP 3640 -RRB- I like the angled cutting head . The head is angled both down and inward . This is supposed to be easier on your wrists and I think it will be . I like that everything is replaceable and I like the weight.I have n't used Felco 's but , have handled them . I like the lighter weight of the Bahco 's , and the angled head . Also , I wonder if the type of spring used on the Felco 's would get gummed up with sap from heavy use . But , I have n't used them . I 'll update this review in the spring after I have put them through their paces.FWIW , I am 6 ' 2 '' and have medium sized hands for my height , though still on the larger side . I think that the medium sized PX-M2 should work fine for me considering the way that you hold this type of tool .
 I love these pruners . They feel very comfortable on my hand and are quite sturdy . I bought these to replase a pair of Corona pruners whose handle broke while pruning . The Bahco pruners have performed very well thus far . Even though the title says '' . . with Rotating Medium Handle . . '' they are not . I kinda suspected that from the picture that is shown .
 Heads above any others I 've used . Quality is obvious . Almost effortless cutting ability . Spend the money , you wo n't be sorry
 Bought this tool for my wife ; she loves them and so do I . They should last my lifetime with reasonable care .
 I am very pleased with the PX-M2 . Trimming and pruning bushes and trees on my property is a full time job and this tool is effective and comfortable .
 You may want to try and get the `` Large '' size pruner instead of the medium . It 's quite a bit smaller than the Fiskars that I also use . This is expensive so I hope it holds up over time .
 These pruners are great , they work very well and I 'm completley satisfied , feel great in hand fit like a glove , cut great and easy on the rist . I am a prunner by trade so I have used felcos fiskars caronas and I will say the bahcos work the best for me . Try them youell like them .
 Companies with good names usually produce a decent product and Bahco is one of them.Easy cutting action , with a sharp blade and a longer length on the handles makes it a very competent pruner.Way better than the lower priced ones which tend to cut roughly and damage the stalks of plants and also tend to rust and gum up easily.These pruners are well suited for everyday use and I have found them to maintain their sharpness and ease of use .
 These are amazing . Way better than the Fiskars drop-forged pruners I was using before , and a bit better balance and handfeel than my friend 's Felcos . Quality of construction is amazing , the ergonomics are great , and these things are SHARP and hold an edge well . Not cheap , but they 're worth every penny .
 I have a 45 acre blueberry farm and Bahco makes great pruners . I use these myself and they are super durable . Very professional grade . I do have the large size though , so if you have big hands , you should get the large size . The rotating handle really helps with the fatigue of pruning all day . Get the loppers too .
 I had been brainwashed to believe that Felco was the brand to buy , it took a lot to consider another brand , especially at this price point . However , I read Genevieve 's review at North Coast Gardening , and decided to try these out . I am so glad I did . My Bahco 's are my new best friend . They have great ergonomic styling and the rotating lower handle makes pruning so much easier - I feel like the tool is working with my hand , not at odds with it . They are well made and use a coating on the blade that keeps them sharper than others .
 I bought my first Bahco pruner from the manufacturer , paying full price . I wanted a back-up and searched the web for a better deal . Boy , did I find it.It came just as advertised at half the price!Thanks
 I 've had these glasses for close to 2 years and they are great . I work at a rock crusher so for them to last this long with very few scratches is amazing . I do n't baby them , they get thrown on the seat of the pickup and kicked around . I also wear them when I ride my motorcycle and they are perfect for that as well , good visibility with little distortion and good ventilation . The only fault I have with them is they are not offered with an amber/blublocker type of lens for times with lower lighting when you still want sunglasses . I just bought another pair for me and one for a friend .
 I bought these along with the platinum frame pair and I really like them . They 're great sun blockers and they look great .
 I have several pair of the AO Safety `` Fuel '' safety sunglasses and swear by them for almost any outdoor activity . My first choice when I 'm sailing and working on boats and even for general wear outside on bright days . Very comfortable , non-distorting and inepensive and compareable to sun glasses that cost several times as much with the safety factors to boot ! One word applies
 These work great as sunglasses or safety glasses . They are perfect for doing yard work like using a weed-trimmer . They are nice and dark for blocking the sun , and since they wrap around , do a great job blocking flying bits and pieces ! They are also quite comfortable and light .
 At the job site when doing Security the sun at times feels like it 's just in your face . Since the shade is red you are able to see better and it reflects sun light better . If your looking for a good pair of shades check this company out . You do n't have to spend 200 bucks on some sun glasses such as Oakley . I just wish I heard of them sooner . The glasses just look damn cool
 Hey these are the BEST glasses out . I have had multiple pairs over last 5 yrs ... great for primary sunglasses and also around house as safety glasses when working on home or garage projects . Keep these available ... as I buy 2-3 at a time .
 Great Glasses ! After 24 years of doing construction it 's amazing how many cheap ineffective glasses are still on the market . These hug your eyes just enough to keep the junk out , work good as sun protection and look good too !
 Amazing protection w/out looking like a nerd . . Nice safety/all purpose sunglasses on those hot/cold sunny days ! Takes a tank to destroy these . Well , maybe these would break the tank . Who knows , have n't tried !
 my son wears these as regular sunglasses as well as safety glasses when he is working outside on his car , he loves them . They are well made and have held up to a lot of abuse , just what you want from safety glasses .
 I got the product in a great time period , for Iraq and it 's heat and sunlight they were great . Upon a visit to Neighboring Turkey they were stolen , possibly due to the good looks . I hope that who ever has them , enjoys , I did .
 Ive Had these for at least a year ... and I would highly recommend them . . they are great for outside work but may be a little dark if you work inside ... do yourself a favor and buy a lanyard . . so you 'll always have em . . even if they 're hangin around your neck . .
 This pump does a great job lifting the water up to a higher elevation in a waterfall . Strong motor and quiet , it does the job you want it to do if you have any water displays . It is the second one I have for my waterfall ; the first one was a different brand and it pooped out on me . I like this one even better , and it easily lifts water up to the 7 ' height of my waterfall .
 The pump was an easy installation out of the box . Had my pond up and running in minutes and now my fish are very happy . The power cord length is more than adequate for my application and the pump is a nice sized unit for a pond . It has been installed now for about 2 months with no issues.So far very pleased .
 These Safety glasses are great , certified , great looking , and stylish . I use these for outside work , and also have another pair to use as normal sunglasses because they look and feel really good . They also come with a protective case !
 Wow ! Since when can one get ` safety ' glasses that are as fashionable as this ? At $ 12.99 , Amazon is selling this at a good price and I 'm happy with the product . It hugs my face , looks sporty , is light weight and feels sturdy . I would not hesitate to recommend this product or to buy it again .
 I work outside all day long and needed some sunglasses that were durable . I was tired of my sunglasses snapping in half right on my face . This happened a few times before I discovered these glasses.They are safety glasses made for construction work . I use them for pool service and after over seven years of these glasses -LRB- This is my 6th one - due to the lens scratching -RRB- not one has broken . They are very durable . The plastic frame is almost indestructible . I have kept my old ones and currently have four that I still use.This particular lens is probably the lightest as far as blocking out the Sun 's light . The red and green lenses seem to keep everything a bit darker . But they are dark enough for all day use . These glasses are also super comfortable . I wear them for over eight hours per day and never get bothered by them . They are also very stylish.Highly recommend .
 Bought these glasses for both sun and their safety feature . I have a narrow nose and these could fit a little better there . Otherwise i would give them a 5 star . The price was very good .
 Stupid looking ? I honestly do n't agree . I guess that 's just a matter of taste but I have gotten nothing but positive comments about these when I wear them and I work in the public eye . They look stylish , protect my eyes , and have a nice case to store them in . I ca n't complain .
 I have ordered 5 pairs of these glasses not at any fault of the glasses and more the fault of my kids and dog . Anyway they are very comfortable and light . They are great safety glasses and the only sunglasses I wear.AO Safety 93201 Orange County Chopper Eyewear , Blue Mirror
 The lenses on these are great . I do not have prescription glasses , and usually see better with sunglasses . My eyesight is excellent with these . I also have had no color distortion , as I have had with other sunglasses in the past.The arms are a little fragile , my 3-year old broke both arms on my first pair . The provided case provides great protection for the glasses though.Two thumbs up !
 I have several pair of the AO Safety `` Fuel '' safety sunglasses and swear by them for almost any outdoor activity . My first choice when I 'm sailing and working on boats and even for general wear outside on bright days . Very comfortable , non-distorting and inepensive and compareable to sun glasses that cost several times as much with the safety factors to boot ! One word applies
 We loved everything will visit again , everything we hav purchased so far we have been plesed with . will shop agian soon .
 These are awesomw flags the colors are deep and true . Would love to beable to purchase different designs . The Japanese Chin are a fantastic breed and not well known , which makes it diffacult to find anything with this breed on it . These flags are exactley what the Chin look like ! Thank you so much I am going to be a returning customer many times .
 I have several pair of the AO Safety `` Fuel '' safety sunglasses and swear by them for almost any outdoor activity . My first choice when I 'm sailing and working on boats and even for general wear outside on bright days . Very comfortable , non-distorting and inepensive and compareable to sun glasses that cost several times as much with the safety factors to boot ! One word applies
 I generally find glasses do not live up to my lifestyle with tons of sporting and active working , but these are the first that actually will not scratch or impair my vision while under extreme circumstances . They are very comfortable for both work and play . My only little complaint is with really hot activities like biking in the sun , they do tend to fog up a little .
 I ruined ten pair of good safety glasses before I finally discovered what was causing the destruction . I spend a lot of time working outdoors on various projects . For some mysterious reason , after wearing them only a few times , the lens on my glasses looked as if they 'd had been sprayed with acetone . Even when operating a chain saw and wood chipper , I do n't get hit in the face with debris sufficient to cause the damage that my glasses were sustaining.SUNSCREEN or SUNBLOCK was causing the damage . Even the expensive stuff like Neutrogena ruins the lens.How can I keep sweat from getting on my glasses?If you touch the lens with sunblock on your fingertips , kiss your glasses goodbye.This problem has not yet made it around the Internet enough to find a good solution.To avoid skin cancer , we 're bathing in stuff that destroys plastic.Some say sunscreen will eat the paint off your car but I ca n't afford to test that theory.I hope this information saves somebody a pair of safety glasses .
 This is my 5th or 6th pair of these glasses -LRB- I work outside as a pool man -RRB- and they are indestructible . I only replace them when the lenses get scratched up due to the nature of their use . I have n't had one pair crack on me . They are also super comfortable and I wear them 40 hours a week . Excellent , excellent glasses .
 Warning - the arms of these galsses are a little fragile.I have a boughten a few sets of these . I like the styling , and the storage case they come with comes in handy .
 Love them ! They are too dark for most of my plants , but they are comfortable & fun to wear !
 I wanted some safety glasses that I could wear all day , and did not look like safety glasses . These glasses fit the bill . They have a tendency to fog up just a little bit , but they clear quickly . The tinting of the lens is not as dark as it appears , and even on a cloudy day , they did not reduce my vision .
 I would recommend buying this tree , or any plant from Hirt 's Gardens . They are an amazing seller . The Too Little Ficus was shipped about five hours after placing the order , and arrived priority mail in just two days . Great care was taken in the packaging , and came with a full set of instructions for post-shipping care.The plant itself is priceless . Its not only healthy , but so far it has only dropped two leaves . For a Ficus , thats saying a lot . The plant is beautiful , and looks almost exactly like the one in the picture . Tons of foliage with a lot of growth . Not to mention the trunk structure , phenomenal ! This is a true work of living art , and it has n't even been trained yet.I will definitely be buying from Hirt 's Gardens -LRB- Amazon Name Bonsai -RRB- again in the VERY near future . You ca n't go wrong with this seller !
 I have purchased several bonsi trees from Amazon and I 'm very satified with the product and will continue getting them from Amazon sellers . These trees are in very good condition when shipped . The sellers ship them out very fast .
 I have found this to be the bast watering gun I have ever used . It 's not for sharp streams or blasting/pressure washing , but it is perfect for watering plants without splattering or making a mess . Great water control , too .
 Kept buying the wrong part at bricks & mortar . Online , found , bought , delivered -LRB- on time -RRB- , installed smooth with no driving . Thanks for ideal transaction !
 I bought this 3/4 hp electric motor to replace a failed motor on my pool booster pump . This provides the water flow for my pool sweep . I was impressed with the quality of the packaging and had no problems installing the new motor on the existing components . Wiring diagram was included and was simple to follow . Very pleased with this purchase since it is n't the type I usually make from Amazon .
 I have two small saws that use this size file , and these fill the bill exactly . Excellent price and reliable delivery made this a very comfortable transaction . I highly recommend the files/supplier to anyone who needs a similar product .
 these work rather nicly totouch up the chain after useing the saw for a day . They last a good while too if you keep them from rolling about in the tool box where they may clang into other tools and get their teeth smashed down .
 I used it to scare away other herons . It worked so well that I came out to my pond one morning to see my neighbor taking a picture of the decoy . He thought it was real !
 I ordered this product for a friend who was having trouble with a live heron raiding his fish pond . Since we read that herons are territorial , we thought placing a `` heron '' by the pond would ward off other herons . This product is life-like enough to chase real herons away ad protect the fish in the pond !
 This is the second heron decoy that I have owned over the years ... and it is extremely realistic . Looks like THE Great Blue Herons that I see at the waterway each and every morning past the Lake . My concern before I purchased was that it would not look `` realistic , '' and based upon previous reviews could not find this information . My review is to let everyone know that this Decoy fits the bill ; hopefully will keep The Great Blue Heron from eating any more of my `` precious '' KOI .
 Garden hernon purchased on amazon looks like real deal ! The lifelike bird seems to discourage the geeseFrom coming on our lawn .
 Love this decoy . It sits next to our fish pond to protect the goldfish from our neighborhood heron . We 're very pleased with this product as well as the speedy delivery !
 I love my Blue Heron that came with a redish-blackish beak instead of the expected yellowish beak mostly associated with the herons ... but that is okay , I call him Ozzie and my friend said that his beak gives him own unique personality ... . I will use him for a lawn ornament . Thank you , it was received very quickly using standard postage , and appropriate packaging .
 This decoy Heron was an affordable price and is pretty convincing . I have had my fish disappear from my pond within a couple days in the last couple years , but not this year . The feet/mounting could be better . Basically it 's just two painted pvc pipes but I had a water plant in a bucket and jammed them in there . Not a bad piece for the money .
 Nice quality , nice colors . May need a little reinforcement as the bird just sits on the pole but it did not prove to be a problem for us .
 these decoys made an excellent addition to the looks of our lawn.Thank you for the speedy service , and a wonderful product.sincerely , Don Matthys
 So far this has kept the real pest away from our koi . we 'll see how it does during mating season which is coming up . would recommend this ! it 's amazing how real it looks , my dogs think so too .
 Before installing the plastic heron we lost about four koi from our fishpond in a week or two to an egret . Since installing the product last month we have not lost any further fish . It seems to work and although we are in principle against plastic ornaments in our garden , it does not look too bad .
 Wild herons view domestic water gardens and fish ponds as nicely stocked buffets . Do n't let your fish be victims ! Wild herons are very territorial , and the sight of the Laguna Blue Heron will convince them that your pond belongs to him and they will leave your fish alone . Be sure to move the Laguna Heron every so often , so the wild herons continue to think it 's real , and do n't position it too close to the edge of your pond and terrify your fish !
 I have two ponds that have been desimated by blue heron cranes . My frog population is gone and fish greatly effected . I purchased a blue heron scarer . It really looks good , along with my duck decoys , however , as a deterant to cranes , phooey.The blue herons attempt to court my decoy . They walk all around it , peck at it , and on one occasion , actually attempted to fight it . I do n't regret my purchase , since I enjoy watching the theatrics around it , but it does n't repel anything .
 I 've read various reviews of these heron decoys and thought I would go for the least expensive ones , as I was n't convinced it would work . Well , it works just fine . Now mind you , I also have a net over the pond , an electric fence to keep the heron from walking in under the net which is at tree height , -LRB- works for the racoons too -RRB- . I 've watched a couple of herons reconnoitre the scene and make blustering gestures but it seems to be a matter of show . So far the koi have been spared.The product is a light weight plastic moulding mounted on a plastic tube . It 's realistic enough that for the first couple of weeks , I was constantly startled to see the heron back before realizing it was my friend . I found the tube fit over a heavier than standard bit of reinforcing rod , and `` Henry '' moves about the pond on this easy to move stake .
 Kind of had my doubts about this when I bought it , but I had to try something . a Blue Heron was decimating my fish pond , and I did n't want to kill it . It Worked ! Glad you were there when I needed you.Thanks
 The blue heron is just the right pond-side ornament to keep the real herons away from the pond fish . We only have a few remaining . It arrived as requested .
 Herons frequently fly over our house . When this beauty suddenly appeared in the garden , my partner screamed with shock , then came to love the bird .
 Good product , reasonable price and it arrived promptly ! Must have flown here on its own ! A nice addition to the pond !
 When I 'm dealing with a new species , I tend to try a product by someone like Audubon whom I tend to trust more as someone actually interested in HELPING me and the birds . This easy to use and easy to clean feeder was an immediate success . We had never seen an oriole at our new house , but neighbors had told us that they had seen then in the neighborhood . We put it up with homemade oriole nectar and grape jam and within 36 hours we had orioles visiting !! And they keep coming back . We 've only had it a week but I could n't be more pleased - and am ordering another one right now.Nora
 The Audubon oriole feeder is easy to clean , unlike most hummingbird feeders . Unfortunately , my hooded oriole visitor has n't been by to try it . Finches will visit the orange slice on top , though . Is there a finch guard?For those who are trying to fight garden pests with green lacewings , I noticed that adult green lacewings are attracted to the orange color and enter through the feeding holes to lay eggs on the underside of the cover . After which they fall into the sugar water -LRB- I was able to rescue those that had -RRB- . So for now my oriole feeder is an orange finch-feeder green-lacewing incubator -- I need to take off the bottom , so the larva can escape when the eggs hatch .
 THE BIRDS LOVE THIS FEEDER ! EVEN THE MOTHS LIKE GRAPE JELLY ! DOWNFALL IS THE BUGS IT SEEMS TO ATTRACT . BUT THE ORIOLES AND FINCHES ENJOY IT !
 Well designed , inexpensive oriole feeder that meets my needs . Easy to fill with jelly and nectar as well as add orange halves .
 I got this and not only did the orioles love it , but so did catbirds . Unfortunately a marauding raccoon loved it too and broke it . I took care of the raccoon and am ordering another feeder .
 nice feeder , easy to clean , has ant moat and places for jelly as well . only down side is wasps and bees can fit through the ports and drown .
 After we recently noticed a couple of orioles trying to drink from our hummingbird feeders , I quickly ordered this feeder on a Friday and specified next-day delivery -LRB- and it arrived Saturday ! -RRB- We 're in the middle of a historic drought here in Texas and the wildlife needs all of the help we can provide.As I 'm writing this review , there is a female Baltimore Oriole on the feeder and the male is watching the female have a little nibble of fresh orange . A great event to enjoy.Anyway , the feeder has a nice size reservoir for sugar water -LRB- two cups of water and 1/3 cup of white sugar for orioles - no food coloring please ! -RRB- There are several small areas for jam or jelly -LRB- they love grape jelly -RRB- and of course the center area for an orange half.The unit is easy to assemble and disassemble/clean . A well thought-out product that works . Highly recommended .
 Purchased as a gift for a relative that has yearly Oriole visitors . Sturdy construction , but a tad hard to get open . We noticed that it does n't have a locking mechanism to keep the bottom nectar holder in place , it just pops together and pulls apart , which could make it very messy to clean . I can also see that being problematic over time as the plastic ages . The package indicated an `` Ant Mote '' but we could n't figure out exactly where it was or how it would function . Again , time will tell . All in all , it should do the trick , if nothing else it will hold an orange and jelly nicely ! : -RRB-
 I like the design of my oriole feeder , and it is easy to clean . But so far it has only attracted wasps , bees , and ants . Orioles have flown by , one even landed , but no regular visitors .
 This is the number 1 selling oriole feeder at our store . Orioles love grape jelly and also will often eat from hummingbird nectar feeders . They also love oranges . This feeder gives you all three options for feeding . You can attach an orange by stabbing it through the hook , there are solid pockets for grape jelly and you can put nectar in the feeder . I have two of these feeders in my yard and I fill the grape jelly pockets at least twice daily . I 've tried some other oriole feeders that have just jelly cups and places to put oranges and the orioles in my area always go only to this feeder . I stopped putting nectar in the feeder because of the larger holes on the feeding ports . The feeder just got too full of insects , plus the orioles only wanted the jelly anyway . Other birds like finches will also come eat the jelly , but the orioles never are shy about chasing them off when they want to eat .
 This is a pretty good product -- it 's good that there 's a place for an orange and jelly , as the orioles seem to prefer that . Bees , however , seem to really like the nectar , and have no trouble getting in to swim and die a sweet death . Have to keep scooping bumble bee bodies out -- do n't know if that discourages the orioles from drinking the nectar . It would me ! Otherwise , I like it -- it hangs evenly from the pole and is easy to clean and fill .
 I was skeptical because I had never seen orioles in my area , but within days of putting up this feeder they were visiting me . Do n't even bother with the nectar because it molds very quickly and attracts bees . The birds prefer grape jelly and clean it out daily . They seem a little shy , so I recommend moving the feeder away from the house , but still within view . The ant mote is a great feature .
 Within 3-4 days of hanging this feeder up , a pair of Orioles found it . They love the grape jelly stations , as well as the orange half speared by the removable hanger . I did n't fill the feeder with nectar after reading some of the other comments posted in the reviews . The birds do n't seem to miss it at all.I really looked over the different types of feeders and I 'm glad I ended up with this one . There is plenty of room for the orioles to land and they like to hang on to the metal hanger as well . It 's nice to have the option of using 3 different types of food . It 's also very easy to clean - much easier than my hummingbird feeder.Orioles are such beautiful birds ! I 'm glad this feeder is a hit . ** UPDATE ** I 've had this feeder for 2 years now and it has held up perfectly . The plastic is still in great condition despite being outside in all sorts of weather and temps and washed frequently . Because there is an ant water reservoir I 've never had any problems with ants trying to get the grape jelly . We have repeat visitors now - with baby birds returning as adults the following year . I highly recommend this feeder !
 It took the orioles some time to find the jelly as I had two separate feeders , but did . I found that in a windy area they did leak some of the liquid feed , but all in all only one feeder to keep clean and fill . The moat in the middle was a bonus that did work .
 We put this feeder out early in the spring in southern NH hoping the color would attract Golden Orioles before the trees came into leaf . We did not see any Orioles on the feeder but maybe it did help because we did see them on our Humming bird feeders!We did see Cow birds on the feeder , they liked the grape jelly but the fruit was never touched
 This came in perfect condition and just what it said it would be ... It is a perfect gift for my family member and it also came in a timely manner ... I would buy this product again ... A great company
 This product is by far the best price for what you get . I bout theSunforce 50032 15 Watt Solar Battery Chargerfor 99.99 which is about $ 6.66 for each watt . With this product im only paying $ 5.46 / watt . It is a little pricey if your only maintaining batteries but im actually running my mini frige off this and a semi truck battery . This unit produces exactly what is specified . Unit arrived at my doorstep 2 days after I ordered it , using ground shipping . Solar panel is inside retail box very securely , and is then put into a shipping box with packing peanuts . I would doubt it would break unless some serious damage was done to the box . Very pleased with my purchase .
 I bought this to keep my RV batteries charged . This is very well constructed and does what it says . The mounting brackets that come with this are sufficient for mounting anywhere . I have this mounted to the roof of my RV and consider it to be permanent . I intend to add several more units and will definately purchase this product .
 This PV is very well made . All the PV cells are fully encased and sealed . Then it is all metal framed in for better strength . One thing to note , the glass panel , is not really glass . It feels more like a plastic . But it is thick and strong , so hail stones should not harm it unless it rains down golf ball size and bigger . The PV panel works in all conditions . Even in low light and cloudy days . On full sun days , I get a reading of 17V @ more than 3amps under load . On the low light days , I get a reading of 15V @ 2.5 amps under load . With no load attached , it reads 22V @ 5amps . I use it mostly to keep a 12V bank of 2x 120amp-hr batteries -LRB- 240amp-hr total -RRB- fully charged . With a 400W inverter , I can power a bug zapper for 3-4 nights before the batteries reach their limit . Or use it in a battery backup sitiution for power outages during the freezing rains or when tornado season hits . I 'm already planning to expand my current PV system with another of these panels . Thou now the price has gone up since 10/20/09 . I bought it at $ 225 for $ 4.5 / W . Now its $ 275 for 5.5 / W. Which makes it more in the price range of other PV panels . Lastly , the panel comes with little hardware . Just 4 small brackets and a set of small nuts & bolts . Plan to build your own mounting system .
 I have purchased two of these panels to use in Jamaica and i was surprise of the amps it produces.It was able to run my 20 '' tv for two and a half hours on a weak eleven plate battery with a 750 watts inverter . However the warranty on cdt web site did not give the same info as the warranty info in the box.It clear stated that `` This warranty is valid against defects in material and workmanship for a period of one year warranty period '' . I didnt understand why the difference . Althought the price went up after i purchase it I think is was value for money
 This flag is the perfect cute and homey looking flag but still has a little style and is not cheesy , which is a major benefit in my opinion .
 Great Fit . Looks nice . I had one like this but the sun got it . I 'm so glad the number was on a tag so it was easy to get another one .
 This cover is the right size for my larger grill and is made of a nice heavyweight material . The elasticized bottom keeps the wind from blowing it away . I expect it to last for many years .
 This is a heavy duty cover that keeps my grill from being damaged from the outdoor elements ! Large enough to cover it completely
 Product arrived on time and worked well with my Chargriller grill that has a side box . I like the fabric as well as the holes that you can put the legs of the grill through . This prevents the cover from blowing away . The taupe color also looks better than the black grill covers I have used in the past .
 Very pleased - sturdy yet manageable - good fit . Only month in , so ca n't speak to long term wear & tear , but it 's sitting out in Florida weather and so far so good .
 Very high quality cover and plenty big for my grill . I tore two previous covers trying to stretch them on . This one will last for years to come . I was so happy with it I ordered a Terrazzo cover for my patio furniture chairs . Highly recommended .
 I ordered this cover for our grill . Got it yesterday and it fit perfect . Love the color , texture of material , and elastic fit around the bottom . We had one similar to this for 3 years and it worked out great .
 This is the 2nd time I 've purchased from this seller . All went well . Would buy from again .
 We needed a good quality BBQ cover . This isit , it is big and strong and has been protectingour grill this winter . It arrrived fast and weare happy with it and the price !
 Actually bought this for another use , covering a 61 '' DLP TV in transit . Works fine , good quality ...
 Good material . Stitching appears solid . Fits well . Looks good and has adjustable bottom for tight fit . Longevity to be determined .
 This is just wonderful . At such a reasonable price I was rather reluctance to purchase it , but it 's better than I anticipated ! Very attractive and soft , well worth ordering . And it arrived much quicker than I thought it would .
 Quality set , I bought the umbrella cover , the table cover , and the grill cover . It 's quality material that will keep your outdoor products looking good for a long time . Looks good and everything now matches .
 I am happy with this purchase . I was worried if it would match the umbrella and table cover . To my delight they all matched . It also fits well and covers the majority of the grill with the exception of the bottom rack . Overall , I 'm glad I made the choice and just in time for alot of rain !! Thanks Amazon !!
 I bought several covers and only this one and the cover for my table turned out to be waterproof ! Others are less expensive but they do n't work . Only in the USA can corporations make billions of dollars by knowingly selling stuff that does n't work -LRB- i.e. , MicroSoft , Oracle , Verizon , etc. -RRB- . Truly , Ali Baba was a lucky man ; he only had forty thieves and one camel to worry about !
 The Terrazzo Cart BBQ Cover was exactly what was needed for the grill . It is easy to use and has visual aids for the corners of the grill .
 Perfect size and very durable . It is not a flimsy cover . It is very strong material and water proof . I would recommend this product .
 The cover is substantial , not flimsy , and the color was just what I wanted -LRB- most of the ones around here were black which is n't too good in the Phoenix climate -RRB- . I could have done without the drawstring , but that can be fixed easily . I would recommend it to anyone .
 Great grill cover and awesome price . Quality is the best . Fits my 73 '' grill and still has room .
 Grill arrived in perfect shape -- no dents or missing parts . Setup went smoothly -LRB- only pictures , though -- no text instructions -RRB- . Have used all features of the grill including rotisserie and am extremely pleased with the grill . With any grill , I would recommend that you purchase and use an oven thermometer to determine the actual temperature of the grill -- the thermostat that 's in the hood of the grill is inaccurate . Mine reads nearly 100 degrees even when the grill is off and the outside temp is well under 100 .
 Does just what I bought it for -- keeps the dust and moisture off of my new barbecue pit .
 The cover is better than we expected . It fits well and can be tightened around the bottom . Well worth the money .
 I got this cover and 3 cushion bags in the 3 for 4 sale . These items are made really , really well . This bbq cover is huge and is easy to get on and off . We had a wind storm and it did n't budge . The only slight complaint is that the cushion bag got dirty right away because of the color . I have n't tried to clean it yet , but looks like it may just brush off . Very happy with this purchase .
 This cover is substantial and covers our offset smoker well . It was essential that we get a cover that 'll make it through our winters ... we do not have a covered area to store our smoker . This cover is doing a great job .
 This BBQ Cover fits nicely and arrived on time . The fabric is of good quality . I am happy with the service and product .
 This is a great cover . It is easy to put on and take off and appears sturdy enough to last for years
 Great price and large enough to fit my Char-broil TEC infrared grill , which even their brand of cover wont fit . Recommended item .
 In pre-internet days , I 'd taken my lawn tractor to the dealer and spent hundreds on an engine repair . I identified the specific engine failure condition from the various DIY forums , ordered the part and installed it , again following detailed instructions from the forums . Excellent vendor , no surprises .
 This save me a service call at Sears . Been installed 3 months , is working great . Highly recommend if you are haveing problems with your mower .
 Item works fine.Did not give it top rating because of the packaging.Just loose in an envelope - no directions , and not a proper invoice .
 My Sears Lawn tractor with a Kohler 15 hp engine , after 8 years of dependable service , would run good until it got hot , then just stop . The amount of time it took for this to occur got shorter and shorter . The failure was the original coil going bad . I got no continuity reading on my volt meter set on the ohm scale across the coil primary winding -LRB- low voltage side -RRB- at the end , when it simply would not run anymore . The Kohler Part 12584040s Ignition Module I bought through Amazon fixed the problem immediately . I would call it a magneto coil , not an ignition module , but it is officially called an ignition module in the Sears manual for the tractor Kohler engine .
 We was pleased with the part , it was what we needed and wanted.Lawn mover running like it did when it was new .
 This ignition module was purchased for my John Deere L110 Lawn Tractor . It had been in storage for ~ 3 years and the mice had made a home and lunch out of various components , including the coil wire . Once the shrouds , etc are removed to access the top of the engine -LRB- in my case a Kohler Command 17.5 hp single -RRB- , it 's probably the simplest replacement you can make short of an oil filter -LRB- and a whole lot less messy -RRB- . IMPORTANT TIP !!! Make sure you mount the coil the right way . It 's a symmetrical item and if you do n't look at the markings on it , you have a 50/50 shot at putting it on the right way . There is a small arrow which indicates the engine rotation direction . This is somewhat important if you want the spark plug to spark ! Set the gap at ~ a business card width and you should be in business . There 's no need to spend the money they want at a JD dealer if they even have one in stock . Also , you wo n't find one at either of the big orange or blue home improvement stores so do n't try to find them there .
 My husband asked me to find a mini-tiller preferably with a 4 cycle engine . I did about 4 days worth of research and read all the reviews I could find and we decided on the Honda powered tiller . When it arrived I had second thoughts after seeing how small `` mini '' really is ! We have black gumbo soil , when it 's dry it 's like concrete and when it 's wet it 's like thick tar , this tiller looked like it could n't handle it . It 's been a year now , we have a good sized garden going and we plan to double the size of it . The tiller works great , it never bogs , just digs in and cuts right through the gumbo . We have to work in gypsum , peatmoss and manure to break up the soil so that the seeds can develop a good root system and the tiller does this very well . The only reason I did n't give the tiller 5 stars , is that after several uses the metal piece that holds the tiller upright when you stop tilling fell off and got mixed into the soil , it took about 15 minutes of raking dirt around to find it . This could have been a assembly/operator problem -LRB- my husband -RRB- I 'm not sure . But the piece went right back on and it never happened since . I really like the fact that the tiller is so controllable for a woman , it does n't vibrate and it 's light in weight , you do n't have to man-handle it and your arms do n't get tired .
 As a professional landscaper , I also provide rototilling service and over the last 16 years have probably done 1500 gardens or more . About half of those 1500 have been established gardens and the other half I have created new gardens for the customers . I consider myself an expert in garden soil preperation or a `` Soil Mixologist '' . I have come across many differant types of soil condtions , some fantastic , such as perfect clean top soil that you could turn over with a kitchen fork , as well as sandy or loam soil . Others so terrible such as clay you would need a backhoe or a bulldozer to bust it loose . A quick study tells me which one of my tillers I need too use . Having said all of this `` the right tool for the right job '' . The other reviews never mention soil type or conditions , but I have to assume one of two reasons their Honda Tillers failed and they are as follows : First the ground was not in the `` mood '' . What I mean by this , is that I believe that there was no moisture in the ground at all , very arid , and dry , kind of like concrete where it has not rained for a week or so in hot weather . I have a Troy Bilt Tiller Horse model with more mileage on it than most people have on their cars , and I would not even consider tilling the soil until the ground was prepped properly . All that has to be done is the ground has to be hydrated -LRB- hose it down on and off over a few hours -RRB- You want the ground to appear slightly darkened by the water application but not soaked . The on and off spraying will allow the water to soak down a few inchs and you are good to go . Using this Honda Tiller in bad soil conditions as mention above will certainly destroy it in no time . My Troy built weighs 315lbs and I would not use it in bad conditions.The second reason for failure in my opinion is that this small tiller was used for something it was not intended for , kind of like painting your house with an artist brush . Wrong tool wrong job.This tiller as you can see by its size is intended for small areas and SMALL gardens . It is not designed for creating new gardens EXCEPT where soil conditions are PERFECT soil -LRB- the kitchen fork thing -RRB- . I have had my Honda Harmony Tiller for about 12 years now and ca n't tell you how many hours I have on it but it 's in the hundreds of hours . The tranny just went out on me at the end of last season . I repired it with parts bought on line that they say you ca n't find , or you can buy a new tranny and slap it in for about $ 115 . In my eyes this has been a fantastic tiller especially when used correctly and knowing it 's limitations . This little tiller has made me a ton of money over the years . Any of you people not happy with yours ... I 'll take them . This is the BEST mini tiller out there trust me . Hope I helped clear up the bad rap this Honda got . . . Tom Whit
 Five Gallon White Fringe TreeWe purchased this tree in May 2007 and planted it in Wilmington , DE . It arrived in excellent condition and has done absolutely beautifully -LRB- with professional planting and seasonal spraying and fertilizing , plus weekly watering by us -RRB- . It is planted as an under-story tree in semi shade . WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT FROM THIS VENDOR .
 What can I say its a tire . Kind of hard to install had to take a tye down strap and wrap it around the tire and then air it up . Had I not had a compressor I would have had to pay the tire store to do it.If I had not run the old one till it broke I could have just bought the innertube but I did not know you could get a innertube at that time .
 Has kept it 's color , it 's strength , would buy again without hesitation ... and , it 's big enough for 2 !
 This is very heavy duty . Shovel part is made of heavy metal with inches markings for depth and a serrated edge for cutting . Best trowel I 've ever seen ! I consider the mug as a gift !
 I bought two 24 '' units and one 30 '' unit . Great buying experience - received the shipment within three days . My wife and I are especially pleased how our second floor patio looks now ; the flowers in the planters look great.The planters are sturdy on the railings but since there are cars parked immediately below , I used cable ties to secure the planters to the railing just to be sure . -LRB- Went through the drain holes to run the cable ties . -RRB-
 I am very happy with this product . I have purchased several of these and filled with herbs and flowers . They are perfect ! They fit the deck easily , drain well , and are easily moveable - even when filled with dirt and plants . I can rearrange to accomodate guests or even to give the hummingbirds some cover . They are really great . I think I have 6 .
 I first saw the deck planters on my brother 's deck . I really liked them so I ordered 4 of them . Prior to receiving the planters I had planters that just sat on the top of my deck railings and would fall off sometimes due to people sitting back against them or during strong thunder storms . These planters fit snuggly onto my deck railings and I do n't have to worry about them being knocked off . They look great too !
 Planter hugs the rail and withstands strong winds without falling off ! Great product ! just what I ordered ! Thanks You !!
 The planter is well made and fits perfectly on my 6 '' cinder-block wall . I think it could be a little deeper in the middle but otherwise it works really well.I would recommend this item .
 Ordered two of these and they came quicker than expected ! Just what we needed ! Fits perfect ! Make sure that you measure your deck rail first ; we got the smaller one at first that was too narrow for the railing ; we got the 4 '' and needed the 6 '' width ...
 We have had these railing planters for eight years now and they look as good today as the day we first bought them , quite an achievement given they stay out in the weather all year long . The planters sit easily on the railings and the weight of the soil keeps them secure . Our home has never looked more beautiful with all of the annuals , ivy , and other trailing plants . Thanks for an excellent product .
 We have been looking for an attractive but sturdy box planter for our patio railing . These are perfect as they fit over railings from 2-4 inches in width . We bought 6 !
 My original review is in the paragraph below . I 'm editing to let you know that I 've lined my entire deck railing with these planters . They look BEAUTIFUL !!!! I think I have 15 now ... These planters are ideal for deck rails ! And I love having my flowers at waist level instead of in planters on the deck . They fit well with a shim or two , very secure . I get compliments on my rail gardens every summer . I think I have eight of them -- very pretty . Do n't hesitate . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Love these planters ! Super fast delivery . Thanks alot . Hope to do business again soon ! .
 We ordered these for our new deck . We used to have brackets and boxes , these make so much more sense . In fact , we ordered 4 and when they arrived , we were so pleased we have ordered 6 more .
 Great product ! Love the way they perfectly fit the deck rail . I have recommended them to a few people already .
 These are great planters for my deck railing ... and the price was great ! Have seen them is garden centers for a lot more !
 This is just perfect for my deck-don ' t have to put holes into the railing to hang planter boxes . These just sit on top and the weight keeps them down . Just the right size . Have also purchased some round pots and they 'll work great , too .
 I found them locally 3 or 4 years ago and purchased a few . The following year I purchased a bunch more . They 're perfect for brightening up the deck/garden while keeping the plants off the deck itself -LRB- well , not in my case -RRB- . They can be stacked nicely with the soil intact during the off season , if need be . The only `` problem '' I experience is that the damp darkbess under the planter is a haven for earwigs . Drainage holes can be expanded on the ` lips ' . They 've withstood winds in the 50mph range without getting flipped off the deck . I have n't experienced any major rotting considering I keep them out year round , although I do tend to move them around now and again . I love them and ca n't imagine being without them .
 This item works great . Straddles the 2x4 snugly and perfectly . I was really looking for a WHITE one when it dawned on me that I could PAINT this planter . There is spray paint available at the hardware store specifically for plastic . Gave it two coats . Was very quick -LRB- less than 10 minutes -RRB- . It 's perfect ! I live right across the ocean so we'e accustomed to severe weather conditions and this planter -LRB- and paint -RRB- is holding up well .
 Color is chic , design is epitomy of functional elegance , and added width of 2 x 6 makes product extremely stable .
 These planters are so beautiful on my deck rail , you can use them year after year . I have terracotta and green deck planters .
 Glad we shopped Amazon ; found these deck planters ; fantastic , took seconds to install , longer to decide where they would show the most beauty ;--RRB- - neighbors asked where we got them . Five stars !
 I have three of these planters . The first has lasted through several Indiana winters and I expect the new ones to last for years to come .
 I bought 3 of the Apollo deck planters - 12 x 24 and love them ! They are sturdy andlook beautiful on my deck . I wish they were just a bit deeper but next year I 'll take that into cosideration when deciding what to plant . I would highly recommend them .
 planted flowers and set on my railing of my porch . we have limited space where I live . the flowers looked so nice in the planter .
 I purchased this product when i rebuilt my deck and could not find these anywhere else they are a great product .
 These are the cutest pots for my rails on my cottage rental at the beach.Tenants love to garden in then with herbs or flowers . Great price but ca n't findAnymore on amazon .
 ... at least that is what I planted in this one.big roomy planter , easy to move , stays put even during storms.Would recommend this item to anyone with a deck railing .
 WOW , how amazing to look out my kitchen window and see the abundance of colorful flowers on my deck - many cascading down over the top of the railing . The planters couldn &#8217; t be easier to use . -LRB- Just make sure that you measure the width of your railing before you order . -RRB- Plant your flowers , herbs or vegetables ; water and place them on the deck railing . That &#8217; s all there is to it . Oh yes , and enjoy !
 Just had to share how much I love this product . I have 5 now and they are all around my deck railing . I just put drain holes in one side so the water does n't drain on the deck side.I continually get compliments on these .
 This was very easy to setup and use right away . No screws . It fit perfectly on my deck . It is better than planters that hang off the side . This planter sits on top and can be seen from all sides . Love it !
 Great planter that sits perfectly on my patio railing but found it way cheaper at Meijer , only $ 10.99 ! Thought it would be reverse .
 I purchased 2 sets of these style deck planters from Apollo Plastics . I was pleasantly surprised at how light weight they were to carry even after I had filled them with my potting soil . The railing area will fit snuggly on the rail and the planter is overall well balanced , so the light weight is not an issue.One thing to keep in mind when looking at your railing is to be certain that there are no wider portions of the railing within the first 2-3 inches from the top , as the inverted railing portion is straight up and down . So if you have a fancier railing design that has a wider board below the top board , you may want to get a larger railing size .
 After testing more than 12 different brands of pruners with my crews , the winner was the Bahco 's . They are very strong and durable . I also like the orange handles making them very visual in the landscape.I am buying two more pair today.Good luck , G. J. Smith
 I 've had two sets of Bahco hand pruners over the last ten years , one I lost , the other still working great . These are the best , better than felco by far . Lighter weight due to the resin handles -LRB- which are plenty strong , even for the biggest stuff -RRB- , more ergonomic , powerful , and smooth action , with no frayed edges of green shoots . They can also cut incredibly large diameter material with ease . If you do a lot of hand pruning in the yard , do n't be scared by the price or the fact that they are n't well known . After one day of hard use , you will be thankful that you have these .
 I work in a vineyard for a living , and these are the pruners I choose to use every day . The ergonomic handle is outstanding and the quality of the pruners is wonderful . I 've used a lot of pruners over the years , but I suspect this will be the last pair I ever buy .
 Nicest and most comfortable pruner I 've ever owned . Used it for 3 hours continuously the first day ... no blisters and it cuts cleanly . A bit steep in price but , for me , well worth the cost . I prune more than 30 hours each summer.Their folding saw is great too !
 These pruners cut through branches like butter . I wish I had got these years ago . My hands are arthritic and get real sore quickly with other brands of pruners . I had tried ratcheting pruners before -LSB- said to be good for arthritic hands -RSB- , and was not happy with the way they cut . These pruners are easy on the hands and cut clean . Worth the money !
 I bought this pruner about 3 years ago from a rose speciality store and they recommended it over the much more expensive Felco pruner they carried . Convinced , I bought it and after years of use would never think of buying another brand . Made in France , it is designed to cut through a 3/4 '' branch but it will do larger as well . The handle is comfortable and the spring action is well-balanced so it can be used for hours without any fatique or fear of carpul tunnel syndrome . I only wish it had a strap to wrap around my wrist as I recently lost mine -LRB- probably left underneath a pile of leaves and branches and accidentaly thrown away -RRB- and had to replace it . The price is great as this is a top of the line pruner and I 'm amazed that more stores do n't carry this brand .
 This tool is not cheap , but is worth every penny . The design is simple and durable , the blades cut cleanly and keep cutting without failure - even with minimal maintenance . The handles are comfortable for smaller hands and allow many hours of use without fatigue .
 Received the sign quickly and it was made of a great quality product . Thank you so much . My father who is a crop duster , loved the sign!Thank You , Heidi
 Nicely made , colorful and bright . I delightful find and a great gift at a good price . Seller packed it well and shipped it quickly . I appreciate a good product sold with good service .
 We used this to keep deer and other animals out of our vegetable garden . We put posts every ten feet or so and attached the fence to them using staples . The fence material reminds me of fishing line - it is thin and pretty much invisible from a distance . Despite this , it has done a marvelous job of protecting our veggies . Our theory is that the fence spooks the deer who walk into it - they ca n't see it and probably do n't really understand what 's happening when they hit it . The only downside is that vegetation really gets tangled in it something fierce and you do have to patch it occasionally when a particularly determined animal or mother nature damages it . Honestly though , where can you find deer fencing for this price ?
 I put this up around my garden last year using 1 '' PVC pipes set in concrete . I stapled the netting to the pipes . I put 2 ' high chicken wire at the bottom , 1 ' of it folded on to the ground ; this was so rabbits could not burrow under it . I did n't not have any problems with deer , and I live out in the countryside where deer are plentiful ; we even have a herd that loves to hang out around our house . I also have lots of wild rabbits in the area , and they did eat some of the vegetables , but only around the very edges ; they where seemingly not able to get through it , at least with the chicken wire at the bottom . For the price it is very effective . This year I am thinking about covering the top of the garden with it as well , to keep birds out of my berries .
 I had no trouble stapling this netting to some upright posts to surround a raised garden bed . It 's reasonably sturdy for what it is - netting . I just have seedlings growing now so I ca n't say for sure how it will do against the deer when they really want to get in . It 's hardly a solid barrier , but hopefully enough of a deterrent .
 Very happy with product so far . Came on time and undamaged . I put up fencing in area that deer just destroy as the new plants begin to grow . No deer have gone through fencing and I could n't be more pleased . I am in the process of running deer fencing across a much larger area and I feel very confident that I will have the same success . Several of my friends have seen it and are going to try it themselves . Fencing would not hold back a herd or if deer were running but since my property is on a hill feel it should work fine . If you have a lot of deer would need the heaver of the netting .
 I have had this Ross Protective Deer Netting over various plants and flowers in my yard for a couple of weeks . Even the pansies are intact . Previously , the deer ate everything except the most prickly or smelly plant in the ground . I am very pleased with this netting , and it is certainly a good value . It 's easy to cover the plants and I barely see it once it 's installed .
 I was having problems with deer eating my azaleaz and roses in the middle of my circle drive . I live in the edge of the national forest so deer are here all the time but normally not this close to our house . I tried all sorts of stink baits , deoderant soap , human hair , etc. placed in the area and none of these worked . I decided to try the net fence because the price was reasonable for the area I needed to protect . The area I am protecting is approximately 250 feet around . Since my circle drive is lined with pine trees , I used bailing twine to span from tree to tree and then hung the netting on this line with clothes pins just like hanging out the wash . At the bottom I placed rock on the netting . I left vertical splits in the netting so I could get into this area when I needed to -LRB- watering , clean-up , etc. -RRB- . It has been over a month now with no deer getting into this area . While this would not stop running deer by any means , they are not running when they come to check out the tender growth of these plants to munch on . Apparently when they try to sneak into this area they hit the fence and do n't like the feel of it on their faces and go around . The netting is great because I wanted to be able to see the plants when they are blooming and the fence is mostly invisible from a distance . I ended up lacing surveying flagging into the netting at about chest height . Then I can see if any of the fence is missing when I look out the windows of our house . Great items and is seems to have really solved my problem with the pesky deer !!
 This lightweight deer netting seems to be working . It was n't so weak that it broke when I draped it over a small garden . This is an inexpensive way to protect your garden .
 THIS IS A MUST , IF YOU HAVE ALOT OF DEER . WORKS GREAT . YEAR AFTER YEAR .0000 0000 0000 00 00
 I needed an enclosure for my chickens . This has helped considerably and cheaply . Now I do n't need to worry about them getting out and eaten .
 I use this to keep other peoples dogs or cats from leaving their &#34; presents &#34; on my yard . It works great .
 I was told by someone that this netting is just bird netting . I did n't need the full seven feet on my fence , so I doubled it higher over the top of my existing fence , so it has two layers of the netting over the top of my fence . So far it keeps the neighbors dogs out of my garden . Just on the other side of the fence I put up you can see where deer have bedded down for the night in the tall weeds . So I know the deer have been in my back yard . I 've even seen them running past my place in an open field early in the morning , but they have n't attempted to go into my garden . I like how this netting is light weight , and easy to work with , because it made it easy for me to put up by myself . It has also held up well with some high winds during storms in our area . I 'm satisfied with my purchase and I 'd recommend it for protection against deer invasion !
 This product does the trick for keeping out the deer , however the bunnies think that it is funny to nibble holes in the bottom of the netting to gain access .
 Spent 3 days surrounding my one acre property with this net . It stops deer . But dumb turkeys blast right through it . Had to dismantle the whole setup and replace it with welded wire fencing .
 We have lots of deer . They were eating even the ground cover ivy ! My neighbor was worried when he saw me driving rebar into the ground with a home-made pipe slide-hammer . But when I strung this netting between 1/2 '' rebar 10 ' apart , attached with black 4 '' cable ties from Home Depot , he came over to say he was surprised how little it showed . And my plants are recovering . Everybody 's happy except the deer . It 's a bit fragile where it 's connected to posts or stapled to a fence , but so far nothing has pushed on it hard enough to tear it loose . I think another reviewer was right that deer do n't like the feel of it on their noses . It 's visible enough that birds do n't fly into it , not visible enough to detract from the view .
 I was skeptical at first but after putting this up , I have had NO issues with deer getting into my garden . Its almost invisible which is great but at the same time its a little flimsy . No matter though , there is PLENTY of it for my needs and its very inexpensive .
 The deer were eating the cucumbers down to nothing . I tried liquid deer chase , scare crow and nothing worked . This net has saved the day .
 coming from a real person who was skeptical about this stuff now a true beliver easy to work with but you need an extra set of hands to help hold it . great stuff stronger than it looks and truly invisible once in place ... this stuff rocks i used three hundred feet of it !
 We installed 5 rolls of fence using 3/4 '' x 10 ' metal electric conduit for poles . With 2 of us installing it took about 5 hours.We used plumbers zip ties to attach to pole . Deer got in one time and have n't been back!Went up easily , no tangling of mesh . Easy to repair if broken using zip ties . We live in a pretty remote forest and have used many things to keep the deer out , this is working better than any other option
 I have tried spreading deer repelling powders , sprays , etc. and nothing works better than this . It 's easy to use , and does n't have the toxic smells that the other products have . And it works !
 excellent value . the dimensions are also helpful , as it can be cut for any purpose . Standard quality at , by far , the best price .
 This product works as advertised . The netting is a bit difficult to work with , as it gets tangled easily . It also rips easily , so handle it carefully . It does keep the deer out , though - I have not had any more problems with deer in my garden since I put it up . Unfortunately , the woodchucks manage to get under it . Next time I 'll have to install it a little differently to try to keep them out .
 I had a terrible time with deer in the garden this year -- much worse than usual . I had plants inside wire cages , but anything that grew outside was eaten , even zucchini and cucumber that they usually left alone . After installing this around the perimeter of the garden , no more deer damage ! Although thin , this is holding up well after 3 months . I added several streamers to the nearly invisible mesh to help keep the birds from flying into it . The raccoon climbs over it so I had to make sure my support poles were strong enough . This is a good product , at a very reasonable price .
 I bought this for my fathers garden . The deer ate his complete garden the previous year . You can not pull to hard on this or it may rip . He used it as a fence around the tomatoes and built boxes to cover the low plants but covered the boxes in the deer netting . The animals have yet to eat anything . The garden is flourishing .
 This product was easy to install and it seems to be working well . I will porbably be using it again .
 got the product in short time and it was in great shape . would order from them again . keeping the deer out of my grapes .
 Works great and have no deer in the garden `` yet '' since installing it . Easy to work with and we will see how it holds up
 I purchased this product to keep my dog and other animals out of my garden , without spending tons of money on chicken wire . It works great so far . We cut it in half to about 3 ' 5 '' tall , then staked it with some rebar around the edges . We also used the extra to make a compost heap and cover some plants , like strawberries to keep the birds out , and build a trellis for cucumbers and peas . Very good use for the money , and much cheaper than our local garden supply store .
 I placed this deer netting around my very first flower bed . I have VERY active deer in my neighborhood and most gardeners have given up . I started with this netting and it is worth every penny ! All my flower beds will this netting around them . My house sits pretty far back from the street and you can not even tell it is there . I once was coming out of an area that I have an opening with a rock to close it , and my tennis shoe got stuck in the bottom of the netting and threw me . If it works on humans , it works on deer ! I would not use anything else !
 I ran this netting along the back of two gardens , both which sit on the edge of our woods , and a time-worn deer trail . My first installation -LRB- using those 6-ft green plastic poles -RRB- was two months ago , prompting this new order . Second garden has remained untouched as well.From what I can see , the deer just do n't like the feel of this netting on their faces . They ca n't see it , so they do n't consider jumping over it . And so far they have n't developed the logic to go around a corner - they just continue along their habitual route.Yep , I may be back for some more -
 I have used this netting for several months now to keep deer and cats off my vegetable and berry beds . It definitely works
 I saw a lotta different reviews for deer netting , but only this brand came back with the best responses from customers . I can see why.I was having tremendous deer problems with my garden , losing seedlings early in the year , when I finally went and bought this . Only took a week or so to get to me , and it was easy to install.I too have accidentally tripped on this stuff because it 's hard to see if you forget about it , but very strong . You can rip it if you get it caught and yank really hard on it , but that 's to be expected . If a deer or other large animal comes across this netting , it 's gon na back away and move along elsewhere.Great product ; have n't had a single deer problem since I installed it .
 Deer season is over and the old bird netting that I strung around the garden worked pretty well to keep deer from eating the garden goodies . It did n't work as well as a real fence but it was cheap . I 'm hoping that the deer netting will be a little sturdier than the bird netting and that critters -LRB- dogs , raccoons ? deer ? -RRB- will not tear holes in it as easily . This netting does not appear to be made of thicker material but it is a `` square-hole '' netting rather than the `` diamond-hole '' bird netting so I 'm hopeful .
 Easy to use and works well . Keeps deer out or our vegetable garden . Virtually invisible until you are close to it .
 I received my order rather quickly . There really is not too much one can say about Deer Netting except that I am not using it for that purpose . I am using it to keep birds away from my strawberries . It actually does a fine job at that too . You lay the netting over your berry patch and the holes are small enough to prevent bids from going in and taking your berries . Believe it or not birds can do a better job than humans at stripping out a strawberry bed of ripe berries.The netting is top quality and worth what you pay for it .
 What can I say ? The picture says it all . This was a great gift for a self-proclaimed `` tough old bird '' .
 I have all medium pruners and thought I would try the small ones hoping it would be easier on my small hands . It 's not , actually harder than the medium pruners but does the job ! Will always recommend Bahco , it 's the best pruners around !
 this little pruner works good for small spaces like roses - think a slightly larger one might be more versatile - only problem hard to get closure to slip into place unless your hands are stronger than mine
 I have had these pruners for a couple years now and love them . The fact that one of the handles rotate really has come in handy allowing me to prune with both hands and to reach branches at odd angles . I wish I had discovered these years ago it would have made pruning so much more enjoyable .
 Won an identical pruner in a raffle many years ago and HAD to find the exact one when mine went missing . Was n't easy as mine were not under the name Bahco but Sandik . Ecstatic to have my favorite pruner back and so worth the price if you are an avid gardener . Easy on arthritic hands too . I really noticed how ergonomic they are when I had to use a Fiskars pruner for a few weeks .
 These snips are incredibly versatile . They 're recommended by the manufacturer for thinning fruit trees . That 's just the beginning . I use them for just about everything in the garden -- cutting back & thinning shrubs , dead-heading roses and all flowering plants , even pruning smaller-diameter branches . They 're easy to get into real tight spots because they 're not as bulky as pruning shears and they 're much lighter . They 're better than scissors because you can use 'em wearing gloves and they have spring-tension so they open by themselves . I 've replaced my pruning shears with these except for anything that needs cutting that 's larger in diameter than a pencil . These snips rarely need sharpening but when they do , they 're easy to sharpen . They 're also less expensive than pruning shears so I 've purchased a few pairs and placed them around the garden so they 're always handy . Give 'em a try -- you 'll love 'em !
 I had my doubts about this after trying out the Fiskars version , but am happy to report that this is a simply outstanding tool to have at hand . It 's light , well made and sharp - basically , everything you want to have in a pruner/snips . It will slice through live , non-woody stalks up to about the diameter of a pencil without any problem at all . Perfect for cutting flowers or touch-up pruning . It can also handle woody stalks , but only to about 1/4 inch . Much more robust than the Fiskars . Really easy to maneuver into tight spots - it 's replaced my regular pruner for a lot of work . It has a clip on the base to keep it shut , so you can easily slip it into your pocket without any worries about damage -LRB- to you , that is , not the pruner -RRB- . It 's a breeze to sharpen . I recommend the Istor sharpener , but any good sharpener -LRB- or stone -RRB- will do the trick.I thought Bahco made everything in Sweden , but according to the placard that came with the clipper , this model is made in France.Excellent ! Highly recommend .
 This is the most comfortable , efficient and practical harvesting tool that I 've owned . The design is simple and operation is smooth . Cuts are clean and the blades durable . The spring-loaded handle is well-shaped for small hands and easy to use over hours of work .
 I own a few of Bahco 's products and I have been very satisfied with the consistent quality . At first glance these snips do n't look like much , but the quality of materials is great for the price . They are very comfortable to use with the spring having the perfect amount of tension . The safety latch is user friendly with a hole located just below to attach a lanyard . The only complaint is after a few months of use rust was present on the sharpened edges , but that , I guess , is to be expected and easily taken care of .
 Excellent product for cutting and cleaning grapes in the field . Fine tips make it easy to get in clusters and cut out cracking , berry moth damage , and bird damage . Also good for chasing stink bugs out of the clusters . The spring on these is not overloaded like the Corona version , so squeezing it all day wo n't burn out your hand muscles . These stay sharp a long time . Just avoid the temptation to cut anything larger than a small cane as you may break a tip off . I cut quite a few 3/4 '' vines off with these and finally busted a pair doing it . This was clearly far beyond their design specifications , though . All-in-all an excellent tool . Do n't even think about harvesting with your pruning shears any more . Just get a pair of these .
 These sharp little snips are just perfect for getting in close for flower pruning or ... harvesting clusters of grapes .
 I admit I should have gotten a bigger size but I made it work . Works well with my pond and easy to conceal
 These are great loppers . Better than Coronas for sure . We 've had these on our farm for years with heavy use . The Blades are very good steel . The handles are not very long but you can still cut through thick branches easily . You ca n't go wrong with these unless you are cutting mostly 2 '' or thicker branches , then maybe you you should get the larger ones .
 These loppers are the absolute best ! They cut through heavy branches like butter . Worth every penny . I 've got the hand pruners too and they ca n't be beat .
 I have used my Bahco bypass lopper for years now and enjoy using it every single time ! It does its job with no qualifications . It is comfortable to use and I literally look forward to using it as I prune bushes and trees in the garden .
 These Bahco 24-Inch Bypass Lopper P16-60 are very good quality loppers . They are heavy though , so if you 're just trimming small branches , a lighter weight anvil lopper might work as well.When I used this on branches , 1/2 '' - 3/4 '' it was more effort to lift the loppers repeatedly , then to cut the branches of regular type brush . On thicker branches , and harder wood , with some little effort I was able to cut nice , sharp cuts , good for the health of the trees , or bushes . It is a top quality lopper worth having .
 Matches my patio great ... very comfortable ... under a covered porch ... will bring indoors during winter to keep it from dry rotting . . I would not let a fabric hammock be in the weather though ... U can get cheaper hammocks , but I wanted a fabric one and in burgundy color ... I was lucky to actually find one ! $ 184.00
 looks good , quality materials , well made , sturdy , comfystandard size , so perfect replacement for old worn out hammockgreat for enjoying a good book
 I am renting an large apartment in Maryland , where the mosquitoes can carry the worst diseases . -LRB- West Nile was found in this State first -RRB- . I have two indoor cats and keep the window cracked in the back of the 2,000 ft2 apt near their eating and laundry area . Although there is a screen installed in the window which I keep open and seems to fit fine , the amount of bugs collected by this model is scary ! Some are big and others are the `` no seeums `` I like this model because although it was made to attach to a wall -LRB- not hung from anything -RRB- , one can let it stand on its own atop a flat surface -LRB- desk , utility shelf etc. . . -RRB- The bottom of this unit is the collection area and one needs to buy additional sticky mats that fit the bottom of the unit . The instructions direct you two place the octenol mosquito bait -LRB- looks like moth ball substance in little plastic rectangle with holes to allow the fumes to escape -RRB- on the light mount so the heat can activate and dissipate the lure - this is almost impossible as the lights are not readily accessible . -LRB- use gloves ! -RRB- The bottom frees easily and the unit should not be jostled . I recommend the fly lure TOGETHER with the octenol -LRB- expensive and you get only one -RRB- It is a little cardboard square that attaches to the screen in front . The unit is almost ineffectual without these TWO lures . You must have ventilation to use the lures with ANY of the Flowtron units.I can not believe how many insects penetrate a screen and I was n't bit once all summer . The bulbs last for one summer only if the unit is continually run as suggested by the manual.I give a 5 but caution that the bulbs should be more assessable and the unit more readily mounted on the wall or stand alone . I am also disappointed with the longevity of the bulbs but I am told `` black lights '' and UV lights become ineffectual over time even if they seem to work to our human eyes . The lures are expensive but the unit have kept my family and pets safe so its worth every penny.All the Flowtron units are difficult to distinguish on Amazon because of the code designations and replacement bulbs are confusing . KEEP the manual so you can reorder the accessories with ease . There are other bulbs offered by Flowtron not on Amazon yet like the `` unbreakable '' kind , which are more costly but are probably worth it if you have kids and fear the unit may be yanked by its cord to the ground . Once again - how much would you pay to be free of insects with potentially harmful diseases ?
 This damper does what its suppose too . Ive had mine installed for a month . Easy to wire , to the thermostat and transformer . This is a normally closed damper , when its open for a long period of time it runs pretty hot , which makes me wonder how long it will last . That why I give it 4 stars instead of 5 ... for now .
 I ordered this to replace a little indoor fountain pump that just quit working one day . First impression is that the pump and attachments were very sturdy , with a simple yet effective design.ATTACHMENTSI like the concept of the attachments , but I just don ' have a big enough water pot so that the water will stay in when these are attached . I tried them both , and they work very well.FILTERThe filter is very easy to clean , simply pull off the end of the casing , remove the filter and clean it out.The PumpWhen I first got the pump I set it up and let it run while I went on a mini-vacation . When I got back the water had evaporated enough so that the pump was halfway out of the water and making a strange noise . I quickly put more water in and the pump has been working flawlessly . The pump also has a nice valve so that you can control the flow of water . Since I actually needed a pump that moved less water than this one , the valve works perfectly.I have had it for at least a month now and I am very pleased . The filter does a good job and is easy to clean . The pump is also strong enough that the filter does not need to be cleaned very often .
 I was expecting a lousy quality flag , but this one is thick and stitched very nicely .
 When I first came across these , I thought they looked neat , and maybe they might not function so bad . The look had additional marketing appeal for my landscaping company , something to set us aside from others.However , I was n't really sure they 'd suit a functional purpose , so I tentatively ordered the shovel to give it a trial run and to see if I could live with it.I 've since gone out and stocked up on all the NRG-PRO tools , their hand tools , and I 'm looking forward to at least some of the NRG-STX series tools as well.All of the tools have a great balance . They are easier to control and carry materials across distances ~ a simple open hand across the circular handle keeps them from spinning and dropping whatever they 're carrying . I 've also found the handle design helps keep them from rolling or causing too much trouble when toting them around across the arms of a wheelbarrow.The nice green does seem to get dulled quickly from the mud and , even when washed clean , still loses that new-tool shine . The business end has no such problems and remains easy to clean even when it has a right not to.I 'm tall ~ over 6 ' ~ and I never thought I 'd like the short handles on these , however , I 've found they 're more comfortable even digging down below grade . This is a bit of personal taste , as my son , slightly shorter than I , prefers long handled tools.I have several small handheld bulb planters , and they all work fairly well . For bulb planters , this is the long handled tool ! I have n't planted any bulbs with this -LRB- yet -RRB- , but what it does even better than its smaller relations is allow me to get the leverage to easily cut into hosta root masses . It makes short work out of dividing a hosta into several new plants ~ use this tool to pop out a round of earth where you want the new hosta to go , then take a chunk of root mass out with the tool and drop it into the whole . This is much easier and less stressful to the plant than digging it up and hacking it apart with a root knife !
 I have been looking for this for years . When I saw other brands , they were so cheap and poorly made . I purchased this for my father and he loves it . It 's handle is easy to hold and the body is very sturdy . Now , I have to order one for myself .
 Handle seems gimmicky , but works well . This is a sturdy and well-constructed tool . I have broken 3 other bulb augers -LRB- different brands -RRB- this season . This one is MUCH sturdier than any of those . I 've planted 1000 bulbs this fall in heavy clay , rocky , tree-root filled `` soil '' -LRB- more like concrete -RRB- . If you 're naturalizing w / daffodils , I think this is the tool you 're looking for . -LRB- I also bought a Radius Garden Transplanter , which I like much better than the trenching shovel I had been using.The major downside of the auger is that it 's fairly heavy , but that 's because it 's made of thick steel . A minor downside is that it does not lift the plug of soil as well as some of the other -LRB- now broken -RRB- tools did ; the soil crumbles and falls out -LRB- because the diameter is a bit wider ? -RRB- . -LSB- Update - It 's been really dry , but after it rained , this has been less of an issue . -RSB- Oh , and as with all augers , I recommend regular sharpening of the cutting edges -LRB- with a file or Dremel tool -RRB- . All of the augers I 've used have arrived dull , probably for safety reasons.Anyway , I think this auger will last -LRB- I 'll be planting more bulbs next year -RRB- , so I 'm giving it the full 5 stars .
 I have purchased this Chapin Sprayer and also the Premium version and own them for a while . They offer outstanding performance and are better than any of the junk you get from Walmart , Lowes and Home Depot . Those only last one season and you need gaskets or the hoses are clogged.I am not saying the Chapin 's do n't require maintenance , but atleast you can buy a replacement gasket set . I have not had to in 3 years yet . The best feature is that you only have to pump one session -LRB- about 20-24 times -RRB- and that lasts me the entire 2 gallons ! Seriously , I had to pump the others about every 2 minutes . This will go for 20 minutes easily . The only negative -LRB- and it is a minor complaint -RRB- is that in both models it is not translucent enough to see the fluid graduations . I guess because it is a thicker plastic and will stand up to time . The larger opening and Wand holder is nice too . You never come in contact with any chemicals or minor leaks that run down the wand , hose and then your arm . Also , the Handle has a good twist lock and the design does not hurt your hand over time while you lug it around . A noticable difference from the Big Store limited models . Yes , it will cost a few bucks and will take a few extra days to arrive via shipping , but atleast you wo n't be doing it annually anymore .
 I have a moderate sized pond , perhaps 4000 gallons . I created a waterfall for it that requires the pump lift the water about 7 feet.This pump has worked extremely well in this installation . We live in Colorado , so the pond does have moderately extreme weather from summer through winter . The pump runs year round , of course.I just had to replace the pump a couple days ago ... I had a back-up already purchased , and since the two pumps are the same model , it was easy to replace the pump ... just unscrew it from the hose fitting and attach the new pump back onto the hose -LRB- no tools , but for the waders to get to the pump -RRB- . The pump lasted seven year . I think that is a very good length of time.I told my next door neighbor about the pump and he installed one in his pond , probably a 5000 gallon pond , and his lift is about 8 feet . His pump works great and it is still functioning three years later.The reason I thought to writing this review is that I am back on Amazon.com buying my next backup pump -LRB- the same model , of course -RRB- , a pump that I do n't expect to need to use for many years ... but it is there when I need it -LRB- everyone with a pond and fish needs to have a backup pump and secondary aeration system in case of failure of the primary , in this case a waterfall , oxygenation system -RRB- . The cost and reliability make this pump a great purchase .
 I bought this to replace our old waterfall pump in our goldfish pond . We were using a sump pump from the local hardware store . Wow , what a difference this thing is ! It pumps out huge amounts of water . I think our goldfish have lost about 3 lbs apiece just trying to stay upstream , lol.Pros : Pumps a LOT of water . Great pressure if you 're emptying the pond for cleaning.Quiet operation . Very long cord -LRB- see desc -RRB- . Cons : No way to hook on a hose for the inlet . Kinda tall when sitting upright.About the cons
 This is the first pump I have purchased , but it works great . It does a great job of pumping large quantities of water and handles debris very well .
 This pump is great , very powerful for the price , but do n't make the dumb mistake I did . It only has an outgoing hose attachment . I had to epoxy something on the intake so I could hook it up to my koi pond filter hose . Exceptional as a fountain pump which is what it claims to be .
 Great option for a pond or waterfall ... works through almost all weather . Even if your water runs out , and you forget to turn off the unit until the nest morning . After I filled the tank again , it started working like a pro . Great for the price .
 I am very happy with service , price and the pump . Will no more by end of winter . Would certainly do business this business again .
 We have a large Koi pond and has a water fall it this pump is built to last we run it all thru the winter with no problems Ive tried other and they cant keep up in the winter great desing . thxs Cecil
 This is my second pump . The first one lasted 6 years before finally kicking the bucket . It worked flawlessy over the years and moved a lot of water . I was so pleased with the performance I ordered a second pump and it has been working flawlessly for over a month now .
 It 's been running for about a week now with no apparent problems . If it 's still running this time next year with no problems I 'll be satisfied .
 This is agood pump for the money . I have had my pond for 10 years and about every 3 years I have to replace the pump and I found tbis one to work the best . It runs 24/7 . This is the third one I have bought and I did have a little hickup as it only worked I day . I called and the sent me a shipping label by email I boxed the pump took it to my UPS drop off and I had a new working pump within 4 days . I would recommend this pump to anyone who needs to move a lot of water for a waterfall .
 Beckett 7115010 Waterfall Pump 5000gphI purchased this pump to replace a Danner 02665 Proline pump that quite working after 2 weeks.DO NOT PURCHASE FROM Danner !!! Bad products and worse customer service.This Beckett pump has been working great for over a year on my pond with waterfall that runs constantly.I would highly recommend this product .
 After looking at a lot of pumps from various sites we found just what we needed and the price was super . This is now running a large three level pond with waterfalls . Ca n't beat the pump performance or the price .
 I received this for my birthday this weekend . I placed it in a sunny window this morning , and it immediately shone dozens of very bright , vividly colorful rainbows that dance through my room . It kind of looks like a disco - I love it ! This is the first product I 've felt motivated to review after years of buying on Amazon , so that 's a testament to how special this is .
 I have this crystal and the single crystal model , which has 1 crystal spinning instead of 2 simultaneously . I love them both ! -LRB- The double spinner is IMO worth the extra $ $ but the single is good , too ! -RRB- I buy them for my family members as gifts . I think they make a great housewarming presents . On sunny days , the crystals spin around reflecting rainbows that crawl all over your rooms . I love this device - it just makes me happy when I see it in motion .
 I think this Kikkerland Solar-Powered Double Rainbow Maker is wonderful . I 've bought several after someone gifted me with one.These are especially terrific to give to someone who is bedridden because it will make them feel happy watching the crystals turn and the prisms dance around the walls .
 Works perfect . . solar cell can stop working after 2 yrs but in the meantime , it 's a remarkable , very POSITIVEitem to have in the home or workplace !
 Was really taken with these and bought 3 ; however , after approximately 9 months of use , only 1 still works . Would hope that with something this appealing , the solar panel could be improved for more longevity .
 I got this for Mother 's Day after having it on my wish list for months and I am * so * pleased.The rainbow maker is a lot bigger than I thought it would be - about 7 inches long from top to bottom , and the crystals/prisms are large and very substantial . It was easy to hang and as soon as we found a spot of direct sunlight , we hung it and it immediately began its motion.It * is * a little picky about needing ABSOLUTE DIRECT SUNLIGHT to begin its motion of rotating the crystals , but when it kicks into gear - WOW . Just tiny little squares of rainbows all over the room - the further they are from the Rainbow Maker , the larger the rainbows are . And there are hundreds of them.Because of its need for DIRECT sunlight , it only works for a short period of time , at least in my house . Once the sun moves a bit , the show is over unless you want to move the Rainbow Maker . The first day we had it we moved it all over the house , but now it 's settled in a front window so we can see the rainbows in the morning . It would be lovely if the Rainbow Maker `` charged '' itself on sunlight and then ran for a while after like other solar products -LRB- the prisms work fine without the solar-powered motion , but they do n't move -RRB- , but I 'm just so in awe of the dancing twinkles of rainbows all over my house that I 'm okay with just an hour of them.It 's not going to cover a gigantic space in rainbows from ceiling to floor , but having tiny rainbows twinkling around the room truly creates a magical experience . This would make a great gift or a perfect pick-me-up . Highly recommended !
 I got this for my stepfather for Christmas , and he loves it . It arrived in a very timely fashion . The packaging was attractive , just a clear plastic box with some logos on it , but I could see that one of the crystals was already detached from the rest of the machine - putting it back on was a simple matter of slipping the crystal back onto the O-ring and using pliers to close it back up , so it was n't that big of a deal , just kind of a downer to pay good money for this thing and have it show up halfway broken . It works great now , and it 's very charming .
 I was visiting my daughter and her family and my grandson Dean , age 6 , excitedly said `` Grandad , wait till you see my rainbow machine in my room !!!! '' I followed him upstairs to his room and he showed me a funny looking contraption stuck on the window pane . It was pretty with a couple of dangling glass crystals , but I did n't see any rainbows . He proceeded to carefully unstick the suction cup off the glass and I followed him from room to room in the upstairs of their house until he saw that the afternoon sun was streaming in the west-facing window in his parent 's bedroom . He ceremoniously made me sit down on the edge of the bed and with a `` Okay Grandad , watch this ... '' he stuck the suction cup of the glass thing with the teardrops and a little panel perched on top on the window pane and instantly -LRB- ! -RRB- the room was bathed in sparkling colorful prism rainbow reflections that wandered aimlessly in a thousand directions on ceiling , walls , floor , my grandson , me - what a joy ! Dean had a huge grin on his face as he watched the rainbows and he was so-o proud that he had impressed me with his rainbow machine . I ordered two of them on Amazon on Monday and they were on my porch on Thursday . I now own two of them in my own home and marvel almost everyday as the morning sun creates rainbows throughout the kitchen and breakfast nook area and in the afternoon from about 4 to 4:30 I often sit down in my LazyBoy with some soft classical music on the stereo and watch the rainbows flow to the music and it is such a soothing experience . Great little , inexpensive and sturdy product that never fails to bring a smile to my face ! Everyone should have one or two !
 Oh my goodness . This is a wonderful item . I received one for my birthday and it is just wonderful . I purchased this one for my sister 's birthday and she was so excited . I highly recommend this to everyone . You have to see it to believe it . Wonderful , soothing , fantastic . I get a kick out of our new dog trying to chase the rainbows .
 Neat gaget , but needs full sunshine to work . Would be great to distract young kids for you Moms out there.Shipped and packaged nicely .
 This makes pretty rainbow sparkles in the whole room when the sun is coming in . Double prisms make double sparkles !
 I love this product Placed in a sunny window rainbows flit about the ceiling and walls and lift ones mood
 I received one as a gift a year ago and it had fallen off the window and broke . I loved it so much I bought a new one . It is small but produced just enough rainbows .
 sent this little gem to my sister-in-law and she LOVED it !!! She said she danced around her kitchen for 20 minutes until the sun disappeared . Thanks for making my gift giving so easy !
 AN UNUSUAL DEVICE THAT LIGHTS UP THE ROOM IN MORE WAYS THAN ONE . SEEING THE MOVING RAINBOWS , LETS EVERYONE KNOW THAT IT 'S GOING TO BE A SUNNY DAY .
 This solar powered rainbow comes though the window brilliantly . I takes slot of sun to get going that 's the only down fall but when it goes it really lights up a room . It dosent work so well in the New England winter but when it does work it 's very relaxing .
 Great Idea , but it does not work ... does not work . I did save the crystals and hung them in the window ... that works .
 I 've had this for about 4 years now & it 's still going strong ! I just bought another for a gift .
 Good quality , beautiful rainbows , well constructed . worth the money . I gave away 6 of them last Xmas and they were huge hits .
 This rainbow maker really does make beautiful rainbows when the sun hits the crystals . Children love watching them travel around the room . Backup the suction thing with fishing line so when suction fails -LRB- and it will -RRB- the rainbow maker will not hit the ground . I purchased my first one , that broke when it fell after suction failure , from the MoMa at double the amazon price .
 My two rainbow solar rainbow makers arrived fast and in perfect condition . They both work beautifully and I have rainbows via the crystals all over my house.I am very happy with my purchase !
 I have purchased two of these rainbow makers now and will most likely purchase again in the future . It is a great gift so great that after my Mom got hers she asked for a second one for her winter home .
 It works , great !!!! It fills the room with rainbows and my children love to dance around the room with the rainbows . Just make sure that you put it on a window that there is not a screen behind ! Also it needs direct sunlight not just light to work !
 I was delighted to find the rainbow maker as I wanted to replace the old one that I had broken and missed those moving rainbows in our living room . The service was prompt and I am happy with the product .
 I love my rainbow maker double crystal . When the sun shines on the receiver -LRB- it 's solar -RRB- little rainbows go dancing around the room . I was given one as a gift and have given this gift to many people since . They all love it as well .
 I have done business with you before and as before you were very prompt and the product was great . Our daughter-in-law loves it ! Thank you
 I just LOVE the rainbows ! . Originally I got this to keep my two cats entertained as they chase anything that moves , but I find the rainbows so peaceful and uplifting for myself . I have often taken my rainbow maker to other people 's house 's if I am visiting so I can share the beauty . Children and babies are also captivated by the seemly magical light show . I plan on making this my present to everyone this Christmas !
 its very cute , and it brings smile everytime i pass by it and i see running sun rays .
 I am so glad that I ordered this rainbow maker-it makes me smile everytime the sun shines through it ! , I am one happy customer !
 The double rainbow was a gift from my daughter . At first I did not think it worked , but it seems that the window did not get enough sun . It was so excitingwhen the sun hit it at the right place . It was a pleasant experience and thechildren are facinated by the `` running rainbows '' . What a nice gift for thosewho live alone or just about anyone .
 These two crystals rotate in opposite directions , for added wow-iness . It splashes rainbow colors all over the room . Sometimes the solar cell is in shade , but the crystals are in the sun , and then the light is stationary . When the solar cell is in full sun the crystals spin a little slower than a disco ball . This thing is totally fun and uplifting . I hihghly recommend it .
 Works as you would think . Very bright direct sun light needed to make it move and reflect light .
 Tip # 1
 This is my favorite new gadget . I bought 8 of them for Christmas gifts and gave them to my 89 year old mother as well as my teenage boys.You just stick them on the window and every day for a few minutes you get showered in rainbows . Everyone who sees mine wants one too .
 It 's a wonderful little flickering of lights when the sun hits it for awhile and starts it turning .
 I ordered this for my sister , who is expecting twins in October , 2009 . My father-in-law sent one to me when I was pregnant with my first baby , and we LOVE it . It creates the most beautiful rainbows that rotate around the room . My little girl has seen it every day now for three years , and she 's gone from being captivated as she lay in her crib waiting for mommy and daddy to wake up , to chasing around the room trying to touch the rainbows . Now we have a second baby who has learned to love it as well . We recently moved it downstairs to their playroom so they can both enjoy it throughout the day . I wanted my sisters ' babies to have the same experience . The item arrived quickly -LRB- plenty of time before the baby shower -RRB- , and it arrived in the exact condition in which I expected it to be . I highly recommend this product for children , but I could even see it in a kitchen window or breakfast area ... its effect is really just beautiful .
 My rainbow maker was doing very well until recently when it would seem to turn until a certain point and then stop.Upon carefully opening up the unit I realized that the one of the beveled gears -LRB- the ones that look cone shaped -RRB- had cracked due to how these plastic gears are pressed onto the vertical metal rod that holds the crystal . Due to this crack the gear tooth spacing was out of tolerance and causing a bind which stopped all motion.Carefully I sanded out the inside of the gear 's hole to compensate for the initial cause of the crack and made sure that the tooth spacing was correct again . I used some fine wire and superglue to repair and the unit works again like a charm ! If you 're careful and willing to fix , it is possible . Things like the solar cell , windings and motor parts should last a much longer time . It 's the choice that the manufacturer made with these plastic parts that are prone to become brittle , crack and deform due to the way plastics break down in sunlight because of the ultraviolet radiation . Metal gears of course are better but that 's more cost to a company . I wonder if Kikkerland could sell just the gears?I plan to set up a webpage that describes how I fixed my unit soon and will post an update here if possible . Otherwise try visiting -LSB- ... -RSB- to see if the page it in there.Good luck with everyone 's unit ! They make great gifts . Christopher
 Works great !!! Got it for my girlfriend who is in the hospital . She loves the rainbows circling the room ! Better than flowers ! It does require direct sunlight .
 My mom had one of these in her nursing home window . On my last visit , I was surprised to suddenly see a merry-go-round of rainbows flying around the room ! I fell in love with it , and she got me one for Christmas . It is in my bedroom window now , where it is in direct morning sun . I get at least 3 full hours of dancing rainbows on a sunny day . It 's just magical ! I 'm uplifted immediately and it makes me smile . I think this is the perfect gift for anyone for any occassion . It 's educational and beautiful ! Love it - Love it - Love it !
 Delightful rainbows dance around the room . My cats love to just watch or chase the rainbows as they flash by . When the sun appears they run to the window to watch the rainbows . It even provides entertainment while I am away from home since the rainbow maker starts by itself when the sun hits it .
 A great gift for a family with small children or anyone with even a little sun in a window . A RISD graduate 's design that fascinates not only by prism but with colorful solar-powered gears you can watch speed up or slow down as the sun strikes or moves on past the item .
 1 out o the 3 I ordered does not work well . It makes a noise and seems to get stuck or does n't get going unless I manually twist the pegs the crystals hang from .
 This is a great item ! Beware that the sun has to directly hit it . They only workout house during the summer because that 's when our windows get hit with direct sun light , but very pretty when they work .
 It works as advertised , however the rainbows are very small , not much more that little spots on the wall . The spots do dance around in a lively manner .
 I had 2 other single rainbow makers and love them also . I have had them for 4 or 5 years and they still sparkle and throw &#34; rainbows &#34; around the room . I expected the crystals on the double rainbow maker to be a little smaller , but they are the same size . It really is lovely and I am glad I purchased it . The price can not be beat either . The only caveat I would mention is that this unit is heavier than the single unit so you will want to make sure that it is securely fastened , especially if the floor below it is tile .
 The rainbow maker throws rainbows on the walls . They move as the solar energized crystals rotate . My cats used to love to chase them until they finally figured out they ca n't catch rainbows .
 All you need is sun and your room is filled with dancing , spinning color ! I would definitely purchase this again .
 My grandaughter was fascinated with the rainbows from our single rainbow maker from the time she was just a few months old , so we got this for her . Some reviewers say they do n't last long , but we 've had ours for 3 years , and it 's still cranking out the colors .
 This is a gift for some friends and it 's exactly what I wanted . I have a single rainbow maker and the double will me twice as nice for them !
 Little fireflies dance on my sun porch from this product . The only down side to this order was that one of the suction cups on my 2nd Rainbow Maker did not stick on the glass . The product fell to the floor and shattered . The shattered product was returned for a refund.I am enjoying this item very much .
 I am really thrilled with this double rainbow maker in every way ! It is great fun seeing the colors bounce all over the room for the better part of the morning when the sun is shining outside.To prevent it getting broken if the suction cup would come loose , my husband attached some clear fishing line to the rainbow maker and the curtain rod above it on the window . It barely shows and now I do n't have to worry about it falling to the floor and no longer working.If you love colorful rainbows in constant motion all over your walls , I highly encourage you to get the double rainbow maker for double the beauty and enjoyment ! The colors brighten every morning!Kikkerland Solar-Powered Double Rainbow Maker
 The Kikkerland solar double rainbow maker hangs in a south facing window of our family room . Although sunny days have been rare in the NW since we we received the crystals , when the sun does pop out the and the solar motor starts spinning the two crystals the dancing rainbows all over the room are beautiful .
 Add the colors of the rainbow to any sunny room . I have given the rainbow maker as gifts and they have been well received with delight ! Beautiful artistry of design in the making and the movement of the colors on any surface opens the door of wonder and amazement for seeing the magic in the beauty of life .
 Love this ! Being stuck inside on this cold winter it is nice to bring some little rainbows into my room ! It takes very little sunshine to make them work . There is hardly a noise when it runs unlike what some have said . My 2 year old granddaughter loves to try and `` catch '' the rainbows flying around her Meema 's room .
 My sunny room sometimes looks like the landing scene in Close Encounters with rainbow bits streaming and flashing everywhere . The prism makes greaT RAINBOWS AND ONLY NEEDS THE SUN TO GET ROTATING .
 I get plenty of sun in my living room , and the double-rainbow maker really goes to work there ! The walls , ceiling and floor all come alive with dancing rainbows and it 's really pretty to watch . My cats were intrigued at first but now they do n't really notice . It 's fairly quiet while operating - you can barely hear the solar-powered motor . When the sunlight disappears -LRB- whether because of clouds or it has passed for the day -RRB- , the Rainbow Maker will make a bit of a grinding noise for a couple minutes without spinning , as it starts to shut down . Overall I love it , and plan to buy more as gifts for friends and family !
 We got this for Christmas 2010 . We were thinking that we would n't be able to put this to work until June since we live in Seattle . To our surprise , it works wonderful this morning -LRB- Jan 1st -RRB- . The kids are going crazy now chasing the rainbow it creates . I 'm sure when we are not looking , our cats will be fascinated by it too . We are very happy with the product , may get more for each of our room .
 I have always had a prism hanging in a window and enjoyed the rainbows that enter the room for part of the day . This contraption makes that enjoyment infinitely better ! The two prisms spin and send rainbows dancing around my room for the entire time that there is direct sunlight on that window -LRB- which I 'm lucky and my house faces mostly west , so there 's a lot of sun -RRB- . It feels well-made and works flawlessly so far . It is solar powered so it does n't need batteries . I do n't have any kids , but I think kids would love it not only because of the rainbows spinning around the room , but because of the colorful moving gears . The teacher in me is sensing many teachable moments here ! The cats love it and chase the rainbows until they are tired . This is one of my favorite purchases of the year . I will definitely be buying it for some people as presents in the upcoming year !
 My cats go crazy over this thing . I hung it in the window with the most sunlight and the cats chase the rainbows all over the house . It does make a little bit of noise that sound like gears turning , but the noise is barely noticeable and would n't bother most people .
 I noticed this at a friend 's house and had to buy one for myself . Works great . I really enjoy watching it .
 I received one of these a few years ago as a gift from a good friend . It fills the room with rainbows . This is the same brand they sell at the museum of modern art for around the same price . My old one was starting to falter with age so I bought the new one . Side by side they are exactly the same . If you have cats or kids they will love it . I enjoy sitting in my living room watching the rainbows float throughout the house .
 All of Kikkerland 's solar-powered rainbow makers are pure magic!Find a sunny window to power the motor and the crystals spin while the sun shines on that spot . It breaks the light into gorgreous rainbow fragments onto the walls throughout the room.Built well , clever design and fascinating to watch!Pure beauty and magic with a touch of whimsy !! : -RRB-
 I saw this one day while I was browsing through some items on Amazon , and immediately thought of my sister . It looked like it would be right up her alley ! Her birthday was still months away , but I wrote down all the information , and put it in my desk at work . I had really forgotten about it , and her birthday was approaching . I 'm so glad I came across that piece of paper , and got it ordered in time . She loves it ! If you 're looking for a unique gift for someone , I highly recommend this . She 's used it for several weeks now , and it works great ! If you 're looking for a gift for that hard to buy for person , check this out . You 'll be glad you did !
 I love this little sparkler ! Sun makes it work and work and work ! Pretty colors ! Came to me packaged very well and it did what it was supposed to do .
 I bought this for my baby 's nursery window and LOVE IT ! I have it hanging in my bedroom window until she arrives and it is amazing how well it works . There are dancing rainbows all over my walls . What a great item , it 's even more impressive than I imagined . She will LOVE looking at all the rainbows . Even the colored gears make it appealing in the window . I will probably buy more in the future for other rooms in our house . This would make a great gift too !
 orded this product for my mother im pretty sure it shipped right on time she seems to like it alot when i stop by on sunny days the house is always filled with lots and lots or rainbows
 worked beautifully right out of the box and absolutely lit up the room the moment the sun came up !
 I just ordered 10 more for future presents . This is a perfect gift for the person who has everything and makes a great conversation piece.Also , it has also been requested from my boys friends , -LRB- ages 10 and 12 -RRB- for a birthday presents . The boys say `` the solar panel is awesome '' .
 It 's been cloudy and snowing since I got my rainbow maker and today , FINALLY , the sun peaked out . I put it in a window directly facing the late day sun and I have dancing rainbows all the way up to the 25 foot ceiling ... it 's a wonderful thing . I plan to buy these for Christmas presents this year and I am sending one to a friend in NM as a house warming gift .
 My wife is a window crystal collector and loves the rainbows from them . It works fine as long as the sun is shining , which by chance is when the crystals create the rainbows.Our 2-year old grandson thinks they are wonderful too .
 This rainbow maker was hands-down the favorite gift of the year.Solar powered gears turn the prisms for the best rainbow show anyone could possibly have in a dining room . The prisms are lovely even when they are n't turning . It does need direct sunlight on the panel to turn the gears and they only turn when the light is directly on them , there 's no battery . The light show is so fantastic that I 'm not sure I 'd want it going on during all of the daylight hours.My one fear was that it would n't work through triple insulated , low-e glass . It works just fine.It 's really neat to see the multi-colored gears turning through the clear housing.We 've had so many compliments on it , I 'll be getting more in 2010 to use as gifts.I highly recommend the Kikkerland rainbow maker to anyone with a sunny window .
 This is a dream for anyone who has sunlit windows most of the day . I got one recently but know someone who had this for years and years and it keeps working fine . Great , solid product that will literally brighten your days !
 Yes it takes strong sun light to make it turn . But remember it will not make rainbows anyway in weak sunlight . Way kool . You will love it ...
 Let me start by saying this is the 2nd one I have purchased ! I absolutely love the effect shown all over my home , rainbows everywhere ! The best part is watching my American Bulldog watch them . . it seems to lull her in some way . I have an open floorplan allowing the rainbows to venture into rooms that are otherwise less sunny !
 My oldest asked for this for Christmas . It works well sending small rainbows flying around the room . It only works in bright direct sun light , so do n't expect it to work on a cloudy day or if the sun is behind the trees . Add 70 's music and you have a disco .
 I actually bought this rainbow maker for a housewarming gift . I myself have 2 , a single and double version . It always puts a smile on my face when the sun hits just right and my room becomes full of moving rainbows . Unfortunately my double rainbow maker fell off the window because the suction cup does n't last to long with the NC sun -LRB- maybe a year or two ? -RRB- and it broke so I need to buy myself a new one or two !
 This joins the radiometer and 4 '' prism as one of the basic sun toys that everyone should have . It 's a fun design with a transparent case , exposed motor , different colored gears , and counter rotating crystals . It looks to be quite well made , and I was pleased to find that its large built-in suction cup does a good job . Up close you hear a little whirring sound -LRB- not objectionable -RRB- from the motor and high speed gear , but from across the room it runs silently . Its speed does n't vary with the intensity of the light , it either runs or it does n't run . Occasionally it will click for a few seconds as the shadow of the sun passes over it.I saw one reviewer who said the single crystal unit worked fine , but the double unit was underpowered and would barely rotate in bright sunlight . I do n't find that to be the case at all , mine rotates even when the sun is partial obscured by clouds . As I write , it is late on a winter afternoon in New England with the sun low in the sky at 60 degrees off perpendicular , and my double unit is still running . I experimented and found it would even run when the solar cells were illuminated from the back!Minor negatives -- Compared to the one big bright solar spectrum a 4 '' prism will throw on the wall , the spectrums from this thing are pretty small and dim , though the compensation is that there are many of them and they sweep around the room . When the sun is at the right angle , you have to expect that some of these ` rainbows ' are going to pass over your eye , so you get a little flash now and then . It 's more complicated than a prism or radiometer , so it 's probably not going to live as long.For those interested technically its solar panel is 4 cm x 2.5 cm = 10 ^ -3 m ^ 2 and looks to be five -LRB- 1/2 V -RRB- cells in series . Since the power of bright sunlight is 1,000 w/m ^ 2 , if inexpensive solar cells with efficiency in the 5 % to 10 % range are used , the output power available to drive the DC motor would be 50 to 100 mw , or 20 to 40 ma @ 2.5 V.update -- It 's now nine months since I put this on a window using the vacuum sucker and it 's never fallen off ! Still works fine too.update2 -- Well after two years , it 's showing its age . One crystal broke off when it fell and the gears are now sticking . I just ordered a replacement.More technical -- When my new one arrived , I took apart my old one to look at the motor , which still works . -LRB- I am a motor control engineer . -RRB- The motor is not a DC motor with brushes , which is good as brushes wear out . It is a brushless AC PM -LRB- permanent magnet -RRB- motor that a finger test shows will spin in either direction -LRB- at roughly 200 RPM -RRB- . The 2.5 V from the solar cell is converted to AC by a tiny circuit board mounted above the coil . The board 's active component -LRB- s -RRB- is covered by glop , but it is probably a single IC clocked by an external crystal , which seems like overkill .
 The first one I received did n't constantly rotate as the inside gears would jam . When I called the distributor I immediately spoke with a nice person who told me to return with `` Please debit the postage back to my credit card . '' on the packing slip . And in a timely fashion I received a new rainbowmaker and a debit for the postage I spent to return the broken item !!! And my new rainbowmaker brings me such joy !
 whoa , I seriously love this product ... it 's so intense . What does it mean ! oh my god , OH MY GOD !
 Double the fun ! This double rainbow maker sends a myriad of rainbow balls that swirl across your room . The solar power does need sun , so put it in a window that receives a lot of sunshine . This product does n't work on cloudy days , but is well worth the experience on sunny days !
 I just love crystals !! And this one that make rainbowns is just fantastic !!! It works very well and if is a nice suny day , makes the most amazing rainbowns all over you house !!! Brings a lots of happiness and good energy.By one and enjoy !!!!!!!
 I bought one of these after seeing that one of my friends had a similar one in her apartment kitchen . I 've stuck mine onto my apartment room window and it definitely makes my student apartment room much more colorful . Just a little cautionary sidenote
 When I got this for christmas 6 years ago , I thought it was cheesy . Now , I buy them for everyone ! Nothing cheers me up like a house full of rainbows ! The cats love it , I feel great , and it never fails to put a smile on my face . After 6 years , my first one stopped turning . Not sure if it fell and broke or just ran out of steam , but those were a fine 6 years . I have a new one and am happy as ever .
 I bought one and loved it so much that I got two doubles and two singles . They fill the room with a spectacular light show every afternoon for a few hours . I found an ornament entended for an outdoor wind chime that had a string of 5 small mirror squares hanging from it . I cut the string and hung it from the single units . The mirros catch the sunlight and so along with the rainbow splashes of light , small flecks of brilliant white light also fly around the room . I ca n't tell you how many people rave about it once they see the spectacular effect . If you can find such a string of mirror squares , definately attach them to the unit . The single seems to be able to support the extra weight . The doubles many not unless you add an auxilliary solar panel wired in parallel , but then you are getting into more complicated modification , but if you are handy , this will be a great effect.As for the degrading of the solar cells , yes , obviously these are not the highest quality and as with all photovoltaic cells , they do degrade with time -- the less expensive ones faster than the more expensive ones . But for the money , I do n't expect they would last a live time . In fact , I would assume that the plastic gears would wear out in about as much a time frame . My worry is that they may not be easy to find a three or four years from now . What if the company goes out of business ? I know may family and I will be very disappointed if we loose this little bit of beauty in our place . Therefore we are getting a few extra to put them in storage just in case .
 Had to get another one of these , as I love the one I got quite some timeago , and is still rollin ' because I lubed up with some silicone lube.Still tickin ' and love the colors on a sunny day . Going to give the new one to my new mother-in-law , she loves centimental things ! Got ta stay in good graces , hahah . Jeff in TX
 I bought this one to replace one , my husband accidently broke , in our Mountain Cabin . Like my four year old grandson says , the `` cabin '' is magical . And indeed it is , with the joy of the rainbows moving throughout the great room . Wonderful !
 This thing is so awesome . My kids have enjoyed it for years ! I have placed ours in a sunny window and watched kids flip out over the rainbows , trying to catch them , eat them , and generally have a blast watching them fly around the room . I think it would be great in a kids room , ours has been in the kitchen and front room so far . Buy one , you wo n't regret it ! -LRB- if you do regret it , send it to me ! -RRB-
 It will touch your home with the delicate colors of the rainbow.I 'm a teacher and I use it in my classroom . The students love it !
 We love the double rainbow maker . It goes on when the sun shines and there are rainbows floating around our house . The cat loves to chase them ! This was a gift for my six year old daughter on her birthday and she loves it .
 Everytime I see this , I get a little lift and a smile ! I also gave one to a friend who had experienced a death to give her hope after her `` storm . ''
 I have 3 of these in my house . I love the rainbows everywhere . It brings happiness and peace to me .
 I have purchased three of these to put rainbows in my friends and family 's lives . Every morning I come down for breakfast to find rainbows around my room it is great . You need a sunny window of course . My son says the double rainbow is sometimes like being at the Amazon Ballroom , but is n't that good ? Give yourself a treat .
 this is a wonderful gift for anyone . my living room is covered in moving rainbows . our puppy chases the light , my older dogs run like crazy . i will be buying these for gifts in the future ...
 Little rainbows rotate around the room when the sun is up , it 's very nice and it gives you a mood boost . Both of my young sons and cat also enjoy the rainbow maker . I just bought one for my newborn niece , it is a great gift for a baby that has everything !
 Amazing and fun ! It sends out twice as many rainbows as the original . My cats love chasing them around the room .
 I HAVE BEEN GIVING THE SOLAR-POWERED DOUBLE RAINBOW MAKERS AS GIFTS `` TO SEND POSITIVE ENERGY '' TO THOSEWHO WILL ENJOY THEM FOR YEARS TO COME . NEW PARENTS , GRADUATES , NEWLY WEDS , FAMILY MEMBERS , AND FRIENDSMEMORIALIZING THEIR LOVED ONES ARE A FEW THAT COME TO MIND.I HAVE THEM IN THREE ROOMS IN MY HOME . MY TWO CATS , AND I LOVE TO WATCH THE BEAUTIFUL COLORS ON THE WALLS , FLOORS , AND CEILINGS . THIS POSITIVE ENERGY AT DIFFERENT TIMES OF THE DAY IS EXCITING , YET RELAXING.I PURCHASED MY FIRST SOLAR-POWERED RAINBOW MAKER FIFTEEN YEARS AGO , FROM THE MUSEUM OF MODERN ART IN NEW YORK.I 'M SO GLAD THAT I CAN NOW I CAN GET THEM FROM AMAZON ; IT 'S MUCH MORE CONVENIENT .
 I bought this as a gift for my wife and she was n't too enthusiastic about it . Oh , well . Nothing wrong with the product though . It is small and works as advertised . We have put it in our car as our house does n't get enough direct sunlight .
 We have this in the corner of our southerly facing dining room -LRB- a converted sunroom -RRB- . The colors dancing around is pleasant and not too overwhelmingly psychedelic . Love the simple mechanism that powers the device . My kids marvel at how it works .
 This double rainbow maker is a delight to own . I have had mine for a few months now and everyone enjoys the dancing display of rainbows on the walls and ceiling .
 This is the third rainbow maker we have purchased , this one as a gift . The kids and animals love to watch , and sometimes chase the rainbows . Good education about the benefits of solar power also .
 Good morning other Amazon shoppers , I saw this in a magazine a few years back ; I wanted it but was not sure if the product would really would do what is described . After finding it again here , not too long ago , I watched a youtube video under the search , `` Kikkerland Double Rainbow Maker '' to see how well the product works . The nerd in me could not resist . It now is on one of the south side glass doors at the house and makes little rainbows whenever it is bright and sunny outside .
 Got This for my 5 year old , it makes pretty rainbows all over the room , It does need direct sunlight , so if you leave it in a room that only gets direct sunlight for a few hours it will only work for a few hoursI leave mine in the kitchen , every day around 9-11 rainbows start dancing around the room , my dog hates it it ,
 I love watching the rainbows on the wall . I had a problem with it falling off the sliding glass door and eventually quit working.I am debating as to whether to buy another as they are spendy for as long as it last . It was great while it worked . I can see that not all of the wheels are working because of shifting when it falls but no way to get into to fix . Hope yours stays up . Might have been my problem not the rainbow makers .
 I purchased several of the `` single '' rainbow makers and loved them , so it is not surprising that I think this `` double '' rainbow maker is even better than the original ! It just makes the room come alive with lots of fun dancing colors . Kids love watching the gears turn inside the clear body of the maker , as well . Great for lots of learning !!
 This is worth every penny . The picture/video does n't do it justice . We gave it as a gift and after seeing it we are going to order one for us .
 I love this . It has never fallen and I 've had it since this summer . It has every time added to my mood in a positive way . I am more mindful and stop to be in the moment when I am in the same room . It is a therapeutic distraction for me . It is an asset to the room it serves and I would be very disappointed to lose it . It is well worth the money to me .
 this is so great . as soon as the sun shines on it , the rainbows appear all over my kitchen and start revolving immeadiately . I am so glad I found this on Amazon .
 The prism spinners throw colorful splashes of light on the walls as the sunlight hits the prisms . Solar-powered so it does n't need batteries , just stick it to a window and enjoy as the sun powers the spinner . Dual prisms give twice as many splashes of color . Enjoy in the morning as your having coffee at your breakfast table . Very happy .
 I purchased four of these rainbow makers , three to give as gifts to my daughters and one to keep for myself . All three `` girls '' and their children love them , as do I . The little grandchildren are delighted and in awe as the rainbows dance around the room and the older grandsons are interested in the mechanics
 I love these solar powered rainbow makers ! I remember having one of the singles as a kid and I loved it . Great to watch on days when you were home sick . I 've also given a few of these as gifts over the years . They 're always well received by kids or adults . It makes a particularly good gift for anyone who is fairly stationary such as friends who are ill or elderly family members who do n't get out as much anymore . They 've always worked great too !
 works great ! It is stuck on our living room window with the suction cup and stays put . We have never had to re-stick it ... been over a year now . Makes wonderful rainbows everywhere !
 Family of mine had a few of these around their beach house . I always enjoyed it when I was visiting and finally bought one for myself . It works great , just wish I had more sun facing windows so I could enjoy it for longer periods of the day . I really enjoy the colorful rainbows dancing around the room . And , as an added bonus it also entertains my cat ! I 'm already planning to buy another one soon , and a few more as gifts .
 We think these are very entertaining and beautiful . The cats can not understand what 's going on and follow the reflections all over the room . It is very relaxing and entertaining . Highly recommended and well made .
 I bought this on a whim and its really neat . Just stick on a window that gets direct sunlight . It has to be a good sunny day and direct light otherwise it wont turn . I bought one for my new niece and she just ogles and awes at the rainbows in the room . I bought one for my entire family and they all love it .
 Had a single Rainbow Maker - the grandkids love it - bought the double one . It 's really great - shoots rainbows all over the house every afternoon !
 It works like a charm . A great product . This is my second order and it makes spraying things a lot easier and saves a lot of duplication .
 While I thought I was getting a great deal on 6 scoops I only received one scoop in the mail . I sent an email that asked if the `` pack of 6 '' was incorrect or if I misunderstood the written description . The quick email back stated , `` I am sorry , our listing is for only one scoop . I am going to refund you in full . `` I love this product and it makes for easier fillings of bird feeders , chicken feeders , and other feeds that I need to use a scoop for . I bought similar scoop at Walmart years ago and have never found them in any local stores since . I paid originally 1.99 for the scoop at Walmart and it still works great even after daily use . While the price for the scoop is ok ... after shipping it 's really not worth it for one scoop . I would not have bought had I known it was just 1 scoop.I was pleased with the quick response from the seller ... but still would have been ecstatic with 6 of these !
 I wanted something that would make filling the thistle feeder less messy . This works very well . The only problem is the sliding gate at the top of the neck is hard to open and close and is very flimsy . I fear it will break unless I am very careful with it .
 I have a tall , narrow bird feeder that was a pain to fill . This scoop makes the filling process easy and prevents spilling seed everywhere . I 'm able to hold the scoop and push or pull on the lever that controls the flow of seed with one hand , which enables me to hold the feeder in the other hand . No complaints .
 I purchased one of these for myself several months ago . Then I ordered this one for my stepdad when he noticed how easy it was to fill my finch feeders . It was a challenge to hold the thistle seed bag open & fill it without making a mess . Now I can just scoop the seeds , release the lever , and it fills without spilling . My stepdad loves it too !
 I really needed this to fill my assortment of Birdfeeders . Works for sunflowers seeds and all other mixed seeds . Seeds go straight into feeders instant of falling all over the ground .
 We bought this scoop to replace the one we previously had , which was either lost or destroyed -LRB- possibly chewed by squirrels ? I ca n't remember -RRB- . Anyway , it works great and is fun and easy for our 5 year old son to use and help fill the feeders . Highly recommended !
 This Quick_Fill Bird Seed Scoop is quick and easy to use.I 'm glad I bought it . It saves a lot of time and waste whenfilling your bird feeders .
 The hammock was pretty large and the pocket to store it was a good idea as well . The only complaint I would have to say I had was that there wasnt any rope to hang it with like what was stated in the description . There was about 4 inches or so of tie with an S shaped clip on the end . No rope . I ended up having to go to the local home depot and spend $ 10 on some rope to hang it .
 I 've spent the past week lounging in the hammock and it 's really nice . It comfortably fits two people -LRB- if you 're friendly -RRB- and it feels sturdy . I really like that it all packs away into a small bag that 's attached to the hammock . The pouch doubles as a good place to keep your book or other small items when you are using the hammock.My only complaint is that it did n't come with any rope to hang the hammock like it 's desciption here claims . Instead it has about an inch of rope and a hook on each end . It was n't hard to find a way to hang this with a little bit of rope I found at the house so this really was n't a significant problem for me .
 I am not certain what the manufacturer means by `` parachute nylon silk '' ... Is it nylon ? Or is it silk ? The one I bought feels as if it 's made from nylon , but do n't get me wrong . That 's okay with me . It is very strong , and probably the best hammock available for under $ 100 . It goes back into its little pack with ease ... I can see taking it camping , backpacking or to the park . This is far more comfortable than the rope hammocks I have tried . Nothing beats if for an afternoon nap .
 I 've been carrying this guys around to climbing areas to chill in while we are resting . It is light and comfy . Also a great way to trap the kids and force them into naps . Well worth the money .
 hammaka stands behind their product and everything is well made . quality you can trust . their customer service is great . i 've called them up a few times , because of a problem ups and costco had . they took care of me , even though it was n't their fault . they were not the ones who sold , or ship me the item , they just replaced it . no hassle , no problems . i would definitely buy another hammaka product . to date , i have 9 .
 I am very happy with this product . It is exactly as described in the ad
 I already owned one and was very happy with it . Would recommend it especially for indoor use or covered area .
 The Oregon Scientific Thermometer and Clock is incredibly durable . I bought it from Targ&eacute;t 5 years ago - and it still works as well as the day I bought it!The LCD display is large enough so that it can be easily read from about 15 ' away . It has a backlight that you can turn on with the push of a button , which is conveniently located in front of the unit . The LCD screen has three lines for :1 -RRB- Time2 -RRB- Indoor Temperature3 -RRB- Outdoor TemperatureThe unit has a 10 ' long probe for monitoring outdoor temperature -LRB- or the temperature of the location where you chose to place the probe -RRB- . Features --------- Maximum / Minimum TemperatureThe readings do n't show the max/min temperature for the day . It only shows the max/min temperature * since these readings have been last reset * . The Maximum / Minimum Temperature reading can be accessed with the right-most button on the front of the unit . > When the button is pressed , lines -LRB- 2 -RRB- and -LRB- 3 -RRB- display the Maximum Indoor Temperature and Maximum Outdoor Temperature , respectively . > Press the button a second time to access the Minimum Indoor Temperature and Minimum Outdoor Temperature . > Press the button a third time to revert the display for lines -LRB- 2 -RRB- and -LRB- 3 -RRB- to the Indoor Temperature and Outdoor Temperature , respectively . > Press and Hold the button to reset both the Maximum and the Minimum Temperatures . - AlarmThe alarm is a little soft and chimes for just a minute . The time of the alarm can be accessed with the left-most button . - BacklightThe backlight is bright and makes the LCD display easy to read in the dark or in dim lighting . The backlight can be accessed with the button in the middle . - Degree F or Degree CThe temps can be displayed in either degree Fahrenheit or in degree Celsius -LRB- AKA degree Centigrade -RRB- . Conclusion ---------- The Oregon Scientific Thermometer and Clock is a durable piece of equipment . The controls are user-friendly and intuitive . Its large and easy-to-read LCD display helps you to easily read the indoor and outdoor temperatures . Definitely recommended !
 I got this for my eight year old son that is in no way gentle . He has it hung from his bunk bed in his room and swings and spins and who knows what else . Not one sign of an issue . His little sis is now requesting one for her and I 'm thinking I need one too . Great product at a great price !
 Love it had it on time for chirstmas . Just what they described it to be . An came packaged very well .
 This is a nice unit for charging . Definitely worth the 30 dollars I paid for it . Keep in mind , if you are expecting a lot of power from this , it may not be enough . Do the calculations carefully to make sure you have enough panel and some spare to charge up the products you intend to use this for .
 My 5th wheel RV has 2 deep cycle batteries and while the RV sits idle and not connected to shore power , the batteries gradually lose their charge . The Coleman 5 watt solar trickle charger maintains them at full charge during these times . Be sure and check the water level in your batteries periodically if your RV is stored for an extended period of time . Buying an expensive mount for the charger is not necessary as there are good options open at a fraction of the cost to anyone with a bit of an imagination and some ingenuity .
 This is great for vehicles with something causing the battery to go dead over long periods on inactivity , but not ment to charging your battery quickly . My truck sets for a week to two months without use and the battery would go dead because of a small current draw from something in the system . One of these chargers made it so I can go to my truck after over two months of not starting and not worry about if it will start .
 This is low power , but works well at keeping a disused battery charged at 50-80 degrees F
 The cover fits very well over my 10 ` x6 ' pool . I just wish it were a bit thicker . However , it does the job .
 Even cleaning the leaves out of small pools is a pain . This cover fits nicely on rectangular pools so you do n't have to waste time cleaning leaves out . Keeps bugs out of it too !
 We do n't use the pool the covered was purchase for since the private pool in our neighborhood opened up , but it worked great when it was need . It fits snug over the pool it was designed for , and has a rope that snugs under the edges of the pool to keep the cover from escaping or sinking into the water . It is durable , and actually worked to worm the water in the pool . Overall , a very good product well worth the buy .
 The cover works great with the pool it is made for . It has stayed in our pool even in windy conditions .
 This cover is great . It fits well on 120 x 72 inch pools . It stays on too . It is important to tie it tightly so it will fit nicely . This cover is attractive . It is easy to put on and take off . It 's a must have for all pools that it can fit on !
 Awkward to use but effective once you get it on ; pricey though because it cost almost as much as the pool it covers .
 These are the only connector seals I use and have been using them for years . They do the job and last a very long time . Forget about those cheap skinny little orange seals . They do n't work . These seals work regardless of a quick connect . They are the best .
 Bought these as backup spares for RV . We use the connectors on water hoses on RV as we travel . No problems . As advertised .
 We really love this hammock . It 's big enough to stretch out with a pillow and your book . It is not `` tippy '' like so many other hammocks . We bring it in at night , but it has been rained on a few times with no noticeable problems .
 I ordered this starter soil to get my fall plants ready to go . I have n't seen much growing out of it yet but I really liked the consistency of the soil . I LOVED not having to mix my own . The bags were punctured when they arrived so the soil was drifting out of the bag when I pulled it out of the box .
 This seed starter is close to perfect . Particularly when compared to the other brand offered on Prime . I love the ingredient ratio and it puts the Jiffy Mix to shame . It absorbs water well which is a must when starting seedlings . I 've only found one bag to be annoyingly lumpy so far - but that 's acceptable . At least the seedlings do n't seem to mind :-RRB- . If you buy a bag of this and a bag of Jiffy Mix you 'll see the difference . -LRB- You wo n't have to spend a solid day and a half trying to rehydrate the Hoffman Mix -RRB- I will buy it exclusively from now on .
 I use Hoffman Seed Starter to get a jump on the growing season here in New England . The product was delivered quickly , with no issues . The seller put each package in its own plastic bag to keep bits of the seed started from escaping into the shipping box through the airvents . That was smart and greatly appreciated , otherwise I would have had seed starter escaping into my kitchen when I opened the package.The product is easy to use ... just moisten it with a bit of lukewarm water and mix it up an hour or so before working with it * , and then plant seeds according to the growing instructions . This is the best medium I 've found for starting seedlings . Never any issues with damping off or icky gnats , which were an issue for me anytime I 've used other seed starter mixes.If you are looking to grow your own plants from seed , do n't mess around with other products . Just buy the Hoffman Seed Starter and be on your way . * I find moistening it , and mixing it up so the water is distributed , makes it easier to work with , keeps the seeds from floating off or sinking in to the mix when I water it .
 I start a few hundred seedlings each year and am always looking for a good starting mix . This mix is nice and fine . It holds just the right amount of air and water . My seedlings have a very good root system . I like this mix and will purchase again.J
 I had never used a seed starter before . I 've decided to try raised gardening for next growing season . To get a head start I 'm practicing by growing with seeds . I started with lettuce seeds as it 's a cool season vegetable . I bought this seed starter as my only growing medium and it works . All my seeds have sprouted and I 'm very pleased . The 18 Qt . bag is plenty and will last me a long time . I certainly will reorder when in need .
 Far and away the best product for seed staring on the market . It is a pity that it is not carried in more nurseries and garden shops . Competing products can not stand up to this competition . It 's an unqualified recommendation .
 The seed starter soil is much better than others . The reason I did n't give it 5 stars is that it is very hard to make it wet . It took me two days to get the medium wet which I found troublesome . Other than that it is a good buy .
 Using this to fill peat pots around may see starter pellets . This is also essentially peat , so my delicate seedlings wo n't be too shocked by stiff soil too soon .
 This is some of the best starter I have ever used , it gets moist in a timely fashion and stays that way !
 Performed much better than other brands I have tried in the past . No bugs or problems with damping off of seedlings .
 Exc for the money . Purchased so our dog would n't pass certain areas in the garage . She is very respectful towards it . Not recommended for outside due to blistering or wood warping . Only issue so far is I got a splinter , but looking for spray to put on it to fix that . Would definately buy again .
 What I wanted was to extend an existing fence upward to accommodate my tomato plants - they think they are Jack 's beanstalks . Anchored this fully extended horizontally across the top of the fence and it worked like a dream . One caution - this is not well made and is not sturdy . Any kid or dog I know could take it down in thirty seconds .
 I purchased this to `` barricade '' my 2 dogs in the laundry room in the evening . It folds for easy storage and does it 's job well . Not suited for dogs that are not well behaved or jump as this may not support their weight . Our dogs love it because they know when the gate is up they stay in the laundry room , but yet with the open slats can still feel they are part of being in the adjoining room . For the price , this was perfect for what I needed it for .
 A simple gate to use most anywhere you have a need to keep out your pets . Really does what it says .
 Works great and looks great ! Excellent quality and ca n't beat the price ! I love it and actually bought 3 for my home .
 This light weight easy to fold fence works great for keeping our dogs in a certain area of the house . When not needed they are easy to fold and get out of sight .
 The gate met my expectations . It arrived in a timely way and was exactly as described . I like it because I can block off an entire area with just one freestanding gate .
 Worked great for awhile . Then my peek learned to simply slide gate to the right with her paw . Still works well if the base is anchored with something . Worth the price .
 This product is good if it 's what you are looking for . I bought one from another company to provide a visual `` reminder '' for my dogs not to go into certain areas of my house and it worked perfectly . Yes , it 's flimsy , but I decided it was something that worked well for me and thought I could build one myself . After pricing lumber and hardware at my local lumber store and realizing I did n't have the power tools to build it , I decided I could n't build it for the price . While surfing Amazon I found this for $ 3 less than the other website and bought 2 more.If you are looking for a gate that will `` fortify '' a certain area this is not the product to buy . However , if you are looking for a visual deterent , this works really well . I have a 2 year old Chocolate Lab and a 7 month old Australian Sheppard . My hallways are too wide for a regular baby gate so I had to find an alternative to keep them out and I have found that this works really well for that . It folds back easily to walk through , is light weight and I can fold it back against the wall when I do n't need it . No more stepping over -LRB- and often tripping over -RRB- a baby gate and it looks better too.Like I said , if you are looking for something very sturdy that will physically keep pets and children out of an area this is not the product to buy ; however , it works well as a visual reminder for dogs that know they are not supposed to go into a certain area . The bottom is 6 inches off the ground , so it may not work well for short pets .
 Even after reading all the negative reviews , I bought this anyway since I believed it would serve my specific purpose - and it does . I got this gate because I often bring my dog -LRB- Labrador Retriever -RRB- to work and I needed an inexpensive removable barrier to keep her from wandering out of my office . This works perfectly.If you have a puppy or cat , this will probably not work since it sits about 6 inches off the floor and they could easily crawl underneath it . And , as other reviewers have pointed out , it is a bit flimsy and low quality , but for the price - you ca n't ask for more . It works great for my situation and the price is right . I like it .
 It 's perfect to keep my dog away when I need it . Love how it expends and fits in any door
 The fence works great to keep the chickens off of my deck , no more chicken poop ruining the wood deck . Yes , it is flimsy , it 's made of thin fir wood or something similar to cheap lattice , but it is functional . I live in somewhat high country where we have constant wind , this week we had exceptionally strong winds , but the fence stood-up to the wind . I did have to build a latch of sorts to hold it on either side , but it is very light , anything this light would blow in the wind .
 I love these fences ! I ended up buying 2 , and then ordering 2 more . They 're great to block off doorways and staircases . Nice and light and not bad looking . When I go away with my puppy I bring them to try and seclude him in our people 's homes as well .
 Very light and expands across the area nicely . We are pleased with it for the price it is a good deal .
 I have had other similar fences but these ones are FANTASTIC ! They are sturdy , tight , look wonderful and deter dogs from leaving rooms . I am 100 % satisfied with these fences , hope they never break like previous ones bought elsewhere .
 I bought this fence to use in my home to keep my Yorkie in the kitchen when I am not home . It is very fragile so I would not recommend it for anyone who is trying to keep a big dog or child from getting into an area . It creates a nice barrier and does what I needed it to do . The other reason I like it is that I did n't have to attach it to my wall and I can put it away when guests come over . I give it 4 stars because it 's not solid craftsmanship .
 This gate is great . Wish I it years ago . It is so handy.Being able to fold it up when I do n't need it saves having to take one down.Putting it back in place is a snap
 These are niffty little fences ! I was looking for dog gates to keep my puppies off the carpeted area in my house . I found out doggie gates cost more that I was willing to pay , I needed three gates so it got a little pricy ! Then I came across these little wooden fences/gates and it looked as if these would work perfectly . They do ! They are light weight , easy to open and close and they have a kind of rustic look that goes well in my house . Plus the wood smell is great ! I wound up getting 3 gates for less than the price of one regular doggie gate . Good Deal ! Note
 the fence is not really sturdy Needs to be made of heavier wood to be effective to keep kids in
 I love the fence . It works perfectly for my needs . Looks great in my kitchen . It is light weight though . Luckily , my dogs will not go through the fence so just know , it will fall over easily if ran into .
 This spring really adds a third dimension on your hanging chair experience , a must try for all hammock chairs ! Thumbs up !
 I purchased this product a few weeks ago and have it set up in my front flower bed at my house . It is gorgeous . My neighbors all stop to compliment me on how beautiful it is and ask where I got it . It was very easy to set up and took only a few minutes to get it in the yard and functioning . Its about 3 to 31/2 feet tall Im sure they give the height on here somewhere . Its tall without being too tall and its narrow enough to fit just about anywhere . I would highly recommend to anyone looking to add some interest to their yard , deck , or patio .
 Really beautiful , but make sure you hang this in a sheltered area . My mother -LRB- the recipient of this purchase -RRB- hung hers just off of her deck and a bit of wind damaged the connections on the wings .
 The item works great and was a perfect fit for th spot I had . Well built and easy to use .
 Item was not packaged very good . Only a card board box . Item was not damaged and works as I expected .
 I just put this hose reel in the trash after almost 10 years of constant use . My only complaint was that it was lightweight which made it wobbly and tippy when the hose was mostly out and made it difficult to begin reeling when the hose was fully-extended . Otherwise , it held up well , kept its finish and color , and gave us 10 years of reliable use . Maybe the newer model is not as well made as ours was ... This could explain the terrible reviews .
 This hanger was exactly what I was looking for !! It 's strong enough to hold the biggest , heaviest pots that I have.It 's very sturdy and stable and can not be knocked over in the strong storms we have gotten lately in Wisconsin.It 's also open so you can fit any shaped planter inside this and it will work.I just love it with a basket of Million Bells hanging from it-beautiful !!
 This plant stand is nice and it is sturdy but it is very small . It will only hold a plant that is in a small pot and on a short hanger .
 this is a beautiful hanger . I bought one at a local nursery and couldnt get it when I wanted a second one . I found it here and it was the same one . great quality . I repainted it for my color scheme . I would recommend this . great for a corner .
 These are nice plant stands . I ordered two . I am actually using them to hang grow lights for my plants . They are very sturdy and hold the weight well .
 I am extremely pleased with the product . . it looks great on my front entryway with a hanging plant . I had no problems with the shipment from Ace Hardware .
 Delivery took longer than expected and I had no notice from vendor of the delay . Very satisfied with the product once it arrived .
 This is a great item , and very sturdy ! We had a hurricane come through and it did n't fall over -LRB- I had no plant on it at the time -RRB- .
 I picked this up to use with theNancy Janes Stacking Planters P1361 12-Inch Self Watering Stacking Planters , Stone , Set of 3because my10 Evie Everbearing Strawberry Plants - BEST BERRY ! - Bare Root Plantswere n't getting enough sun when the planter was hung from the porch . I 'm planning on bringing these plants indoor in the winter and this is a cleaner option than installing a heavy duty hook in the wall or ceiling . It 's shown no signs of tipping over in 15-20 mph winds and it 's light enough even with the planter to bring inside if the weather gets too severe . I had to shorten the chain on the planter by about a foot . You can see what it looks like in the customer images .
 We bought two of these to replace Nicro Day & Night Solar vents in our liveaboard cruising sailboat , a Tayana 37 . They move significantly more air and seem to be more sturdily built . I like that they have NiMH rechargeable batteries , instead of Ni-Cads -- they should provide much better service.HOWEVER , the installation instructions are very poor , as is the installation system in general . Despite the fact that they are labeled as `` marine '' it seems that the engineers have never actually tried to install them in a boat . First , if your mounting surface is more than 1 '' thick , the supplied bolts are too short . Second , I dare anyone to drill six holes perfectly vertically so that the bolts will pass through a pre-drilled `` backing plate '' -LRB- more on this later -RRB- , through the deck and line up with the tapped holes in the vent itself . Third , all that 's keeping the vent against the waterproof gasket is the force supplied by a 1/16 '' edge of ABS plastic against the inside of your cabin -LRB- imagine if your housing breaks -- how much water could come in through the 4-3/4 '' hole if you took a wave ? -RRB- . Fourth , the instructions tell you to use 3M 5200 as a sealant -LRB- although they never say where to use it -RRB- -- the truth is that 5200 itself says that it is incompatible with ABS -LRB- use marine-grade silicone instead -RRB- . Fifth , the hole size and screw drill size are both incorrect in the instructions -- the hole needs to be at least 4-3/4 '' -LRB- not 4-1/2 '' -RRB- and the screws are 3/16 '' -LRB- not 3/8 '' -RRB- . If you need to buy longer machine screws to go through a thicker deck , note that they are FINE-THREAD -LRB- something that can be impossible to find in stainless steel if you are outside the US -RRB- . Two issues with the batteries . The ones that were included -LRB- with both vents -RRB- refused to charge . One set would charge with a regular battery charger ; one would not take a charge from any source . This was n't a major problem for us as I have lots of AA NiMH batteries on hand for other things . But if you do n't , the vents would only work during sunny times . Second , the batteries are in a little compartment that is secured with two TINY -LRB- eyeglass size -RRB- screws -- if you have to change the batteries once the vent is mounted , it 's going to be lots of fun to get the screws in correctly -- upside down , overhead -- without stripping or losing them -LRB- even with the longer life of a NiMH , I know we 'll have to replace them sometime -RRB- . The interior `` trim ring '' -LRB- which also serves as a backing plate -- but note that it is bowl-shaped so that only the edge of it goes against the ceiling -RRB- is 10-1/2 '' in diameter -- HUGE ! However , you can do without it -LRB- use washers on the screws and make your own smaller trim plate -RRB- . We finally ended up mounting the vents on the coach house roof just with marine-grade silicone . For our coastal cruising , we think they 'll be sufficiently waterproof . If we were heading offshore into potential large seas , I 'd want them bolted in.All that said , they move a lot more air than the previous solar vents we had and thus we 're overall happy with them .
 This is a very good product and far exceeded my expectations - however . The installation instructions are misleading in that if you cut a round hole , it needs to be at least 43/4 '' in diameter for the inside trim plate to be installed . The instructions call for a 41/2 ' hole that just wo n't work . Other than that - no problems .
 This was a no-brainer to install and is so far working fine . The only gripe I have is that the motor and fan unit is a little more loose in the mounting tube then I 'd like . If I accidently bash it with my head it tends to slip , which causes the blades to hit the sides of the mounting tube . The suck/blow/on / off switch is very accessible and the unit is built solid and is as attractive as an ugly aluminum fan housing can be .
 Seems to function quite well . Currently in January I do n't think there is enough solar energy to charge the batteries fully , so it does not run all night . What did surprise me on receiving the unit was it 's size . I had a solar vent previously that was much smaller . This vent is the size of a dinner plate or so . Not a big deal , but it was n't clear from the description just how big it was . Overall , it works well and was very easy to install .
 This is a very good quality water hose that I expect to be able to use for several years . The hose is black in color and that may not be preferred by some .
 The picture shows that the vent is white in color . It is green and comes with a clear and brown cover . The inside is white .
 Milorganite is great ! I 've been using it for the past several years and have had wonderful results . The price is right too . But , the newest use for it that I have found is that it is an excellent deer repelent . I 've spread it around the perimeter of my yard and several plants/trees/shrubs and so far , so good . A real good find !
 I 've been using this for my lawn and I have to say it works wonders . I purchased a house with a shared front lawn which looked quite frail and green-yellowish colored . I applied this product and about a month later my neighbor asked if I was putting steroids into my lawn . lol . My half of the lawn looked absolutely beautiful compared to his side of the lawn . The best thing about this product is that it 's dummy proof . You WILL NOT burn your grass if you put more than the recommended amount since it 's organic . I recently tried buying this product again at Home Depot and they were not in stock . I then tried Scott 's Iron and Fertilizer mix and I ended up burning my grass . I followed the exact instructions but my drop spreader continues to drop granules even though I closed off the switch when I have to turn . This created small patches of more product at those locations where I stopped which in turn burned my grass . A lot of fertilizers are synthetic so it 's very easy to burn your grass if you make a mistake or use too much at once . Milorganite is very safe , will not burn your grass since it 's organic and will make your grass look green and healthy . I highly recommend this product but buy it from your local hardware store or Home Center . I bought a 36 lb bag for $ 12 at Home Depot in New York.I also recommend the use of Ironite and following these steps if you live in the eastern part of the USA . Mow your lawn high to help it grow fuller which will minimize weeds -LRB- I leave mine at 3 inches high -RRB- , keep your mower blades sharp and and I also suggest you aerate your lawn once a year . Use a Spring fertilizer with an included mix of weed killer in April then use Milorganite sometime in the middle of May then again on Labor day . Use a Fall fertizlizer with weed killer in late October and by next Spring you will be `` Wowed '' . If you plan on adding grass seeds to your lawn in late Fall then do not use a weed killer fertilizer in October as that will also kill off the grass seeds . Just use a Fall fertilizer alone with the grass seeds and your all set for the coming Spring . Hope this helps anyone that wants to care for their own lawn .
 FYI for the smart consumers out there ... same item sells at Home Depot for $ 12 . Shop locally and save $ if you can!Otherwise a great product , have good results with my central tx lawn .
 I have not had any luck with other fertilizers ending up with a dust bowl of a yard as a result . I do n't have irrigation but have committed much time to watering with poor results . I use this product on my lawn along with Pennington Smart grass seed and the lawn has filled in . Even in the hot summer the lawn is mostly green without added watering . I highly recommend this product . My goal was not to have to water -LRB- dumping money -RRB- and a safe lawn for my family and dog . I 'd like to buy it by the pallet : -RRB- Good luck to all .
 They werent exagerating about the potency of this product ... Tiger Woods could birdie on my front lawn ! : -RRB- I definitely will be purchasing more during the upcoming colder months as they prescribe it.Been just a month and I 'm already seeing promising results . Recommend this for anyone who likes green grass !!!
 Great service , very nice roots . Do n't know why there was a comment on rotted roots . Roots came in great shape . Perhaps the other order got overheated during shipment . Would gladly refer and purchase from them again .
 When my coupon for free shipping did n't work on the sellers Merchant account with Amazon , he worked with me and gave me a 10 % discount yes it was n't the free shipping fee but meeting me a little more than a 1/4 of the way was very honorable . I do n't know why the coupon worked for many others on Amazon but did n't work for me was a disappointment since it was n't expired but that by far was not the sellers issue it was his merchant account with Amazon . The product shipped so fast . I think I pressed the buy now button and the product was already at my door LOL !! Now lets hope they are all males and I have an awesome crop . I will be buying more and this seller will be my main gardening online shop . Thanks and I will refer and be back !!!
 I just moved and set up a new garden . Very much wanted to get the asparagus in this year , but all the local nurseries were sold out . These are hard to find this late in the season.Crowns arrived quickly and were well packaged . A few of the tips had small spots of mold , but this is to be expected - asparagus has to be shipped moist . A quick soak and they cleaned right up . They were planted just a few days ago and already are starting to push through the ground . Thanks !
 Shipping was fine and communication with seller was good . The roots were slow to start but with daily watering and some fertilizer , most of the roots eventually did sprout .
 I could n't believe my eyes when I received these , I thought I was getting something much smaller . They are very healthy and producing already . I have them in 5 gallon buckets waiting to go out when the weather warms up . One thing they say to be careful of , is they take lots of room for growth and soil that drains . I 'm planning to put them in an area by themselves , I 'm confident I will be giving the extra asparagus away .
 All plants are now growing like gangbusters in our garden . Excellence plus !!! Fast shipment . Would definitely shop here again . Very , very happy .
 I received these in a couple days ! They were all healthy . I planted them all , all came up within 5 days . Look great , thanks again for a fine product .
 Most of the roots were good size , put them in the refrigerator for a week untill I got ready to plant them . After tilling the ground , dug a trench and layed them in afoot apart , covered them up with an 11/2 inches of dirt and a week later shoots were popping up . I 'm happy with this product .
 Crowns arrived almost too quickly and were quite well packaged . I had not had time to finish my planting beds yet , so into the refrigerator they went . I pulled them out a couple of days ago and got the majority in the ground . Looks like I have to make another bed . :-RRB- I did inspect them when I got them and the outside of the bundles looked nice , however , towards the center a little mold had developed , which you can expect from something that is moist and held in a dark place for a few days ... Other than that , the quality of the crowns was great . The majority were quite large and looked to be double or triple the size of previous roots I have bought . There were a few small wimpy looking crowns in there as well ; which surprised me considering the size of the majority . The small roots looked more like one-year roots . But overall , I am quite pleased with the order and will indeed be ordering again.I will try to remember to update this review in the future once the crop starts to produce .
 When I saw these asparagus plugs , I was shocked ! Compared to the ones at the store , Hirt 's Garden 's asparagus hardly a comparison . The roots were nearly all 12 inches long and the diameter of a pencil vs those at the local store , which were about 3 inches long and like thread . The real test now will be if they grow ... but the plugs themselves were incredible ! If you are looking for asparagus , you MUST check these guys out ! You will be as amazed as I was .
 This seller packages with recycled paper , and uses ONLY as much as is needed . Every aspect is great ! From packing , to Free Super Saver Shipping , and no holes in the bags -LRB- other than the holes that FoxFarm puts in bag for breathing !! -RRB- ... this product is an EXCELLENT addition to any FFarm Ocean Forest , as well as Perlite # 3,4 !! A good one part each formula means an intensely rich , yet highly breathable , and does over-compact !! FoxFarm , IMHO , makes some of the BEST soil , and agro-ponic mediums such as FFLW , are also GREAT for seedling starter all by itself , bc it is SO Naturally enriched , and , drains completely , again , retaining the perfect amount of water for seed-starting !! Also , FoxFarm does NOT STEAM STERILIZE !! THIS IS A VERY GOOD THING !! Steam Sterilization DESTROYS nearly ALL VALUE of naturally enriched soils , such as soils containing guano , and earthworm castings , steaming WIPES OUT the naturally available nutrition ! They DO THIS STEAM STERILIZING , to try and destroy eggs , that naturally occur in Soils/Agro-Ponic soil/less-mixes , yet the earthworms , eat all of these eggs FIRST , therefore , steam sterilization is not only HORRIBLE for soils , but for our plants , and ultimately our Fruits , Veggies , Flowers , etc. . I HIGHLY recommend ANY FoxFarm Product !! THANK YOU !! ENJOY , and have a GREAT DAY ! -LRB- Last , not least , these FF soil mixes , almost ALL balance out at a PH of 7 = NEUTRAL SOIL ! Making Superior to soils that Fluctuate wildly , and allows for PH adjustment for Flowers that prefer more Acidic mixes . -RRB-
 if it comes from foxfarm ypu know its gon na work and this is no different . great product and i hope my seeds produce more because of your great products .
 its a great medium to start seeds and cuttings when they are rooting fox farm products are great all natural products
 this is the only seed starter that mom n law uses . she swears by it , no other can compete with it let alone match it
 I sold tomato plants at work I grew from seedlings using the 4 '' azalea pots I reviewed -LRB- see my reviews -RRB- using this as a starter . I used the JumpStart Heat Mats and thermostats and 4 ft JumpStart Lights . This starter promotes vigorous root growth and healthy stock . My plants were beautiful and I was astonished and proud when all fifty sold out in an hour and ten minutes . My coworkers knew I was growing them but were amazed when I brought my plants in . Some people thought they came from a professional nursery.You really can not go wrong with the combination of products I mention here , along with Nancy Bubel 's `` The New Seed Starter 's Handbook '' . I tried to do this before , but with embarrassing `` Charlie Brown '' results until I used a more professional approach .
 lite warrior works perfect when mixed with ocean forest for strting seeds a little perlite and you are off to the races
 This is a nice pillow ... quality marterial and workmanship . Will enjoy it for years to come .
 I really like butterfly chairs because they are comfortable , portable , collapsible and versatile -- it 's so easy to change the look with a simple cover . The cover I received is a beautiful dark green color , which is my favorite color . I 'm very happy with the quality . It went right onto the frame I already had with no problems . It arrived only a few days after I ordered it . If I ever need another one , I 'll be ordering the same cover , from the same company , through Amazon .
 this is study canvas and fits most butterfly chairs and it has n't faded in a year of sun
 I love my new butterfly chair cover . The color is vibrant , and the fabric is strong and durable . This new cover actually fits the frame better than the original one .
 All colors look good , but fit the standard chair VERY tightly . Maybe they will stretch with use . I ordered , red , black and blue , and all fit the same .
 Nice color , and good quality . This is one of three covers bought -LRB- for 3 chairs -RRB- , and they have all been great .
 I remember as a kid hating these types of chairs but now I love it ! This is a nice solid cotton construction . We had 2 frames we found that needed covers and we bought 1 cover to see if we would even use it . i need to buy another one . I am 5 ' 100 '' 155lbs and it works great for me ... my wife who is 5 ' and 100lbs does not like it as she has a hard time getting out of chair . That is not the covers fault however .
 I ordered this to replace one that finally gave up the ghost after years of happy service . It 's sturdy , but has some design flaws . The frame tops are wide and squared , so there 's a good chance the narrower , curved seat pockets will tear from uneven pressure . The frame bottoms do n't have the little `` pads '' on either side of the hinge , so I have to watch where I put it to avoid scratching the floor with the hinge . These would be such tiny adjustments that I 'm surprised and disappointed that the designer and/or manufacturer did n't include them .
 Purchased this item when my son requested a chair for his dorm room . It folds so is easy to transport . Cover seems sturdy . He has used it for about a month and is comfortable . No complaints . Works well in his small room .
 Excellent transaction and excellent product . This is a classic I had in college . I was in need of an easy to store comfortable chair for my cramped New York apartment and this was an excellent and affordable solution .
 These chairs are very comfortable . I did not give 5 stars because one of the pockets ripped during the first month . But this is partly my fault . There is a double layered pocket for the canvas to hang on the frame . I did not have the inner layer over the metal , so it ripped . So make sure that inner layer is properly in place and there should be no problems . They are holding up well now .
 These skewers are wonderful - exactly what I was looking for !! They 're dishwasher safe -LRB- always a plus -RRB- and long enough that I can leave the ends off the grill , so they 'll stay cool enough to handle and turn . The skewers are a little less than 1/4 inch wide and relatively thin , which keeps food from sliding around and rotating on the skewers , giving better control for cooking . Also , they 're thin enough to fit between fork tines , and food does n't stick at all , so it 's easy to slide food off onto a plate .
 These are just what you would expect from the product description . Metal is good quality , I 've used them a few times and just put them in the dish washer and they come out great every time .
 They hold stuff , are flat -LRB- to hold the food in place when you turn them -RRB- and a good length so you can close the lid . You will need a glove because they do get hot . If that bothers you , buy the longer ones that have wood handles and let them hang over the edge of the grill . Good value . Unless you really need 12 you can give half to your neighbor . Maybe they will invite you over for dinner .
 These skewers are great as in , they do what they should . I used bamboo ones prior to getting these , and have found that putting items on them is much easier . They are shaped a bit more oblong , so that food does n't just spin on them when flipping . I use them in the oven only thus far , and though they get hot , they cool quickly upon removal from oven . I hope to get these on the grill at some point too , as others seem have had great experiences with them there .
 I 'm fairly certain that whomever designed these skewers has a lot of experience with trying to grill kebabs . The length is good , but of even more significance is the width . These are not round or squared skewers - they 're actually flat and wide . This is fantastic because it keeps the food from rotating on the skewers when you go to flip them on the grill ... and they make taking the food off of them with a fork an absolute breeze.We make kebabs EXTENSIVELY in our family ... and these have made a huge difference in the ease of grilling them .
 I never seem to have enough skewers when guests come over so I picked up this set . They are not too thick , but not so thin that they are likely to bend . Nice sharp tip for ease of adding meat . They have gone through the dishwasher as well and seem to be holding up well to that abuse . Good product for the price .
 My daughter and her husband were up here a few weeks ago and we decided to grill some kebobs using shrimp and veggies . We had several bamboo skewers here at the house and soaked them for an hour or so before using them . We had a terrible time with the bamboo skewers because they burned through which made it hard to turn them keep each kebob in one piece . Hence my search for something better.These looked perfect so I ordered them and they are perfect . Being metal , they do n't burn on the grill . They are also shaped like an oval and hence , the food on the kebob does not turn at the same time you turn the skewer to even the heat on your food items.You can leave the loops on the one end sticking outside the grill top , so you could actually turn the kebob without raising the grill lid . At least you can turn it without having to put your hand into the heat of the fire.These are great and I would buy them again .
 I was worried because these were inexpensive , but they turned out great ! I could fit 6-8 1.5 &#34; cubes of chicken , and they did n't stick .
 I thought 12 &#34; was enough but I should have bought longer ones for my BBQ - but that 's not a knock on the skewers , which work great and are easy to clean . Good price and perfect for different kabobs etc. .
 What can you say about a product that describes itself ? Metal skewers . If you do a lot of grilling , consider switching over to these . Veggies slide on and off easily without sticking , they are good for the environment , they wo n't burn -LRB- though , they might burn your hand if you do n't use a glove to take them off the bbq -RRB- , I really enjoy using them on our BBQ . We cook outside a lot and this was the first gift from our wedding that we used . I 'm still extremely pleased with the product .
 Great skewers and easy to clean in the dishwasher . They do not rust like other materials . Worth the investment as I was tired of using bathe wooden ones , which would always burn even after soaking them in water .
 I was afraid these skewers might be flimsy , or not hold onto meat and veggies well , but there 's nothing to worry about ... the stainless steel is good quality , I 've had not problems with rust or bending . They have a flattened oval shape to hold your food , making rotating easy . Good product , amazing price , a must buy !
 They are sturdy , twisted metal skewers . So much better than the wooden ones that burn while you 're cooking and come off in 3 pieces . I do quite a bit of outdoor cooking , and these skewers make it much nicer .
 good product , super quick shipping , great price . very pleased with purchase , even though i have n't used them yet ! throwing those wooden skewers away
 I bought these for my husband as a gift . We had previously been using wooden skewers . After cooking on them once , we realized what a great and inexpensive purchase this was . I highly recommend these to anyone . They arrived in a timely manner and were beautiful . Thanks for a great product .
 I finally managed to intersect watching Alton Brown and having Amazon open . The skewers are oval in cross-section , rather than the rectangular that Messr . Brown recommends . The tip is flattened and roughly cut into a point . These will need sharpening to go through tougher bits of meat , but are adequate for vegetables.The ring at the end is 3/4 '' -LRB- 2cm -RRB- across , which is adequate for most purposes . The stainless steel is * probably * of a lower grade than usual , but I 'm basing this on handling rather than direct knowledge ; they 're still largely flexible to the extent where the ones I bought have all been slightly bent . Not a problem , and can be corrected with a few minutes gentle persuasion . Overall very happy with these skewers .
 These came quickly , seems like they are made of good quality metal . Only downside which is hard to avoid I guess is they are covered in machine grease when they first arrive . Ive given them a good scrubbing and next time I grill something ill throw the skewers on the bbq to burn off whatever is left .
 Was surprised at how sturdy and heavy it is . Definite good value . Bought it is a gift to replace another version that had broke ...
 2,000 seeds seems like a lot until you see how itsy bitsy they are . It was a pretty small packet , but they covered a decent sized area -LRB- probably 10 square feet or so -RRB- . They have sprouted now and seem to be growing well . No blooms yet , but I 'm hopeful !
 I would love this chair cover in a colorful Hawaiian floral or some other colorful print but fit my old metal frame beautifully .
 Nice quality cover . It fit my frame perfect ! Will get another one when this one wears out ...
 great color and it fits my chair like a glove . my son uses it in his room and we also take it out by our pool area .
 I replaced my old seat covers with these ... and I love them ! They look wonderful in my patio and fit perfecty ... which I was concerned about since the frame of the chair was bought in the early 90 's . The colors are so vivid and brought life to my patio ! If you 're looking for replacements , these are the way to go !
 perfect fit for an old frame . perfect color ... goes with our other outside cushions.fast shipping.great all the way around
 Nice color , and good quality . This is one of three covers bought -LRB- for 3 chairs -RRB- , and they have all been great .
 My grand daughter who is 9 years old fell in love with this door sign . She said that it was better than she had imagined .
 This was exactly what it stated . I had an old frame and was a little worried about a proper fit , but it 's perfect !
 A nice way to refresh a butterfly chair frame . The cover is very well made -- at least as good as the original . It has stayed outside , and so far it seems to be quite colorfast .
 These covers helped make a room in our new house look wonderful . Saved us money on buying new chairs . They look great .
 This cover seems to be of very good quality . It is one of three covers bought -LRB- for 3 chairs -RRB- , and they have all been great .
 This is a nice , basic , sturdy , black butterfly replacement seat cover . It fits the butterfly chair very nicely . I wo n't hesitate to purchase it again if needed for another chair .
 My butterfly chair had a plush and cozy cover which - unfortunately - tore when someone sat in it incorrectly . I patched it - twice - but it could not bear much weight . This replacement cover filled in admirably but was , alas , neither plush nor cozy . So I repaired my original cover once more and placed it OVER the new one . Eureka ! Thank you for helping me solve my dilemma !
 I bought this table for my 18-month-old . I wanted something small for her playroom where she could sit and color . This table is fantastic . It is easy for her to access and she uses it constantly . Many of the tables I looked at while shopping were paired with chairs that were just too tall for her . This table/bench combo is the perfect size . It is also light weight and easy to move from room to room . I would recommend it highly .
 This is a very cute table perfect for my 2 kids . They like having picnics outside sitting at their table that is just the right size for them . As far as assembly my husband put it together rather quickly and it is very sturdy . I am pleased with my purchase .
 We purchased this table when our daughter was 18 months old . It is the best table out there , it is very sturdy and she learned to get in and out of it very easily which was a plus over tables with separate chairs . Our daughter is now 2 + yrs old and we still use it every day . We use it to draw and paint , take it outside to our garden and bring it back in , nothing seems to damage it , my husband and I even sit on it sideways . I love the fact that it folds nicely for storage . This table has been a hit with our daughter 's little friends too , when they come over several kids will sit together and eat and I 've even taken it to the park for picnics . BEST BUY !!! We expect to be using it for at least another 2 years or more . Even our 5 year old nephews want to eat breakfast in it whenever they stay over !!
 Play Table is sturdy and colorful and my grandson -LRB- 18 months -RRB- loves it . It is good for small children - better than just table and chairs which tend to tip over . I wish it were a little bigger but it will fit 4 smalls or 2 larger children nicely .
 Well made and well priced . Your kid will find a million and 1 uses for it ... more than you dreamed of as you loaded it into your cart . Buy buy buy
 Other tables were double to triple the price . Look no further than this table , as it is just perfect for toddlers and is sturdy and safe . We have several of these in our church nursery as well and have four 1-2 year olds sit at each one without any trouble . To have this table be portable is just a fantastic bonus .
 The table is the greatest thing we have purchased yet ! Our 24 month old daughter loves the table for eating and for arts and crafts . When she colors on it , we wipe it off , when she needs to eat , she carries her plate to the table and prefers to sit there vs. the big table . It was a great investment for us !
 This has been the best buy I have ever made being a mother . I have an almost 4 year old and a 21/2 year old . I bought this table when my first son was about 13 months old . It has come in extremely handy and the kids use it every day for various activities . Eating , drawing , watching TV , and snacking . Of all of the items I 've bought for the kids , this is the one item that gets used often every day ! Both boys can fit on the table very well and one child is big for his age and the other is small . Its true that anymore than two toddlers is too much for this picnic table though .
 This table is great for toddlers , and it 's so light and easy to move around/store for the adults . We use it inside for snack-time , but it is easy to move outside for a picnic . Highly recommend it .
 We just bought this for our 3 yr . old , and he does everything on it ! It is very durable , and also light weight so we can move it around easily . This table will last well through our second son as well .
 I got this for my 25 month old boy/girl twins and its great for making the transition from high chairs to the table . It is sturdy , the color is pleasant to look , its easy to clean and to assemble .
 This was a good quality replacement part that fit as expected and was very affordable . A + + + +
 this works fine the should make these so they split in half when u take them out instead of sliding it off the steering shaft . the bracket on my tract that holds the steering wheel on was seized so i had to smashe the last one off so i could pull the steering assembly out the put the shaft in the vice to get the steering wheel bracket off . some PB blaster and a screw driver and hammer it came off then i had a hole new steering assembly to go in .
 Perfect fit ... bolted in place of the OEM . Product shipped / rec much faster than stated . Product is exactly what is described . Thanks !
 I set up a pair of these three days ago in my basement in addition to the bait stations that my exterminator sets up for me . First day both traps were full , the next two days I had one full one each day . Easy to reset and reuse . Yes , you have to see the dead mouse and dispose of it , but it 's worth it since they work so well . I 've tried Victor traps , both the disposable and reusable kinds and they seemed to never catch the mouse -LRB- empty traps & missing traps ! -RRB-
 We have had a spa for many years and have tried different products . Leisure Time Spa 56 Chlorinating Granules work better than any other products . A single cap full will keep the spa fresh and clean . Other products require more than a capful and do n't last as long as Spa 56 .
 Exactly what I need for my Hot Springs tub . I 've been using this product for years . I shock the tub about every week -LRB- when I can remember -RRB- with one or two scoopfuls of this stuff , and that 's it . No hassle ... no need for other chemicals . My five pound bottle seems to last forever . Top-notch product ... service always fast .
 What 's not to like here . Amazon sells this for half of the price of any of the local stores . It came neatly packaged with no issues . Just do n't run out or else you might be spending twice as much locally .
 Our birds and squirrels love these larger seeds but they are very hard to find where I live so I appreciated being able to find them here even if a bit pricey -LRB- hence the 4 star instead of 5 . -RRB-
 Our eleven-month-old boy loves splashing in his bath , so my wife started talking about getting a small pool for the back yard for the summer months . First thing you know , his grandmother gave him a present of a small inflatable pool . The pool is exactly the same as illustrated for sale here . It 's the same dimensions and the same colored pattern . However , ours came without the accompanying ball and ring.We 've used the pool a half-dozen times and the kid loves it . It was very inexpensive and well worth the money . I have a couple minor gripes . First , the accompanying illustration on the package makes the pool appear much larger than it really is . OK , it 's large enough for our needs and that 's what 's important , I suppose . Second , it was very hard to inflate . First I tried inflating it with my lung power and that came up as insufficient . Second , I used a large bicycle-tire pump and that proved possible , but very difficult . The problem was , the pump does n't fit on the air inlet . The pump and the air inlet must be pressed tightly together while pumping and that method required two people . In any case , we got it done and the pool worked well . I 'd additionally suggest putting some thought into where you want the pool to be , as it becomes almost impossible to move after it 's filled . Did I mention the insects and bees ? Well , you might think of using some type of cover if you 're going to use it over a several day period.It 's a inexpensive way to have a little fun with the kid . We do n't expect it to last long and we 'll probably get a bigger and better one for next summer.Gary Peterson
 my daughter loves the pool . she does n't really use the tub , but she plays witht the ball . it 's a cute set !
 I bought this pool to use on a beach vacation . We have a small child and wanted to have a place to play on the beach near our porch . It was great . Easy to blow up . Had some issues with the nozzle because it would n't remain close . Eventually it stayed and did not open . Great price for being a ` disposable ' pool .
 I wanted an inexpensive kiddie pool for my daughter to make a ball pit . Since it is in the middle of the winter amazon was my only option . For $ 13 this price cant be beat . It is inflatable -LRB- so see if you can find a pump -RRB- and the ball and inner tube are great add on pieces
 My son used this pool for water play and as a ball pit and it did a good job for each . It did n't lose air and stood up well to a child playing in it , on it , and around it .
 You think you can cut anything with the scissors you 've already got , right ? Well , no , not until you experience these scissors ! You know how sometimes your scissors kind of cross-over the wrong way when cutting something too hard or slippery in texture ? These will not do that ! I was so satisfied with these , I 've bought two . But I 'm telling you , you will want and need one in every room of the house , and the patio , and the garage . I live in a one bedroom apt . and I 've got a pair for my computer work station & one for the bedroom . But I 'm getting another one for the kitchen !
 The person who posted a review December 5 , 2002 obviously knows nothing about scissors . I wonder if these were the ones that he/she bought?These are the ultimate kitchen scissors - nothing to touch them in the price range . They will cut anything and stay sharp.I 've used a pair for the last 10 years - and have just bought 2 more .
 Top quality . All metal , not plastic . Wonderful for veggies , flowers , paper , mending , everything . I am buying more for myself for convenience and also for gifts . The best I have ever owned or used . Very comfortable to use left or right handed . Easy to locate because of bright blue handle .
 I have purchased Gardena products before , and have been very happy with them . The shears I have recently purchased are every bit as good . Great tool . Very satisfied .
 ~ My pair of Fiskars grass shears blade broke after 3 months just cutting grass . I got these based on the reviews to replace the Fiskars.Gardena made a precision quality shear that is very comfortable to use , and the cutting head swivels with several stop so you get the trim you really like.I doubt that I will have to take them up on their lifetime warranty , and I will be looking for more Gardena products .
 These are fantastic grass shears . I also have the Gardena reel mower , and could n't be happier . I mow the lawn with the reel mower , and then go around the edges and cut the grass the reel mower ca n't get to , with the grass shears .
 Easy to use and swivels a bunch of way , makes trimming a breeze . I am very glad I purchased them , best shears I ever bought .
 I have had used many grass shears in my life since i always owned a garden or a lawn . I purchased many shears , but they all quit working after a couple of uses . Some look solid , but they have a weak point -LRB- for example
 I have used this product several times now andI am very satisfied with it . It does a good job trimingthe grass around flower beds and small bushes . It standsup well to cutting heavy grasses and weeds.Overall this is an excellent product .
 I just purchased two of the Gardena Flower Shower , one for my front yard and one for the back . Compared to other spray nozzles , this one from Gardena does not leak and is very gentle on plants . I spend 14 hours a week watering.The shower pattern gets full coverage and waters well . I especially love the drip pattern , which can easily adjust to a soft stream of water for your patio plants . A thumb indicator controls all this and is user friendly.The Quick Connect feature allows me to easily disconnect the spray nozzle and connect my Gardena sprinkler . It 's a wonderful combination without all the leaking and twisting when you 're disconnecting a spray gun.The nozzle itself stays adjust to your swing , which is a great feature , especially if you water as much as I do ! My wrists do n't ache after using this tool .
 i purchased this item ... and it is just fantastic . it allows you to water a hanging basket without getting the usual drips of water running down your arm . the adjustable flow of the `` pipe '' outlet is great . ...
 I bought this several years ago at a Lowe 's . It is my favorite watering system as it is gentle and thorough for garden watering needs . Main benefit is its effortless of use ... one only has to set and hold . No need to hold down a tab / button to maintain water flow which in other water systems becomes tiresome .
 I have tried several types of watering wands and this one is by far the best . The soft shower spray is great for potted plants or for plants in the ground . The other spray works great for hanging baskets.Bought one at Lowes 's a few years ago but no longer available locally . Happy to find it on Amazon.com.Made in Germany , quality product .
 I work at a nursery where I spend a lot of time with watering wands . This is what I use at home . Very dependable . With the flip of a thumb shuts off or switches from shower to stream . I wanted to by 10 for work but ca n't seem to find them . Everyone who has tried it loves it !
 We love this product and want another one -LRB- if only amazon was n't sold out -RRB- . The stream of water is perfect and does n't beat up our flowers . It 's easy to use and connect to the hose . Buy it !
 If you have a lot of plants to water , this is the best ! Shower , steady stream , or no water flow - and very easy to use .
 In some 50 years of gardening , I have found the Gardena shower nozzle to be the best general purpose watering device available . It 's two differnent flow discharge settings are adequate for most any application -- durable , practical and easy to control .
 I own this ; I love it ; I 'm buyng more . Very easy to use . It 's length gives it good balance for holding and aiming . I really like the way the water comes out . Just do n't leave it outside in below freezing weather - cracks/leaks may develop .
 They 've said it all . Easy to use , gentle , no leaks and durable , too .
 This tool is my favorite way to water my patio pots . Simple to use , it provides just the right shower of water . Easy to switch between shower , stream or off .
 Love this watering wand , quick , easy , gentle on flowers . Puts down lots of water without disturbing the soil or damaging the flowers . Far superior to watering products found at home improvement stores . Clearly one of the best constructed products of this nature on the market . I own other Gardena products which I 've had for years .
 THis is the Greatest loper I have ever used - I have cut down thousands of tree limbs with this and it is still a sharp as the day I bought it , nice grips never received one blister - bought one for my 92yr old great great grandmother that uses it regulary
 This is by far the best trimmer , loper I have ever used . Can trip up to 1.5 inch limbs with ease and it stays sharp . Much better than the Chinese lopers that cost less .
 This is the best pair of pruning shears I 've ever had . Love the way they can be adjusted to fit comfortably in either small hands or large . They are sharp , powerful , attractive looking and feel good in your hand . No blisters or sore spots even after working for lengths of time with these pruners.I also like the handcord which really comes in handy so I do n't misplace my pruners while I 'm doing large jobs with a lot of debris . All in all another wonderful and innovative product from Gardena ...
 These are the creme de la creme of garden tools . Our previous pair lasted 26 years of constant service until finally a small plastic part broke when I over stressed it . My fault not the parts . These are well priced if pricey . The shipping was very quick and by Priority mail . I highly recommend the brand and the seller .
 These pruners have been used now for over a year and are just as sharp as when first purchased ! They do not stick open or closed , the spring works great and the lock works great !
 In the old days , people spoke of choosing between bypass and anvil loppers . I think it is more relevant nowadays to talk about choosing between ratcheting and non-ratcheting loppers . Ratcheting types are good for very thick and hard branches , but they are clumsy to use on smaller branches because you have to pump the ratcheting handles several times to cut a single branch . For branches that are not so thick and hard that I need to use ratcheting loppers , I usually go for either the Fiskars -LRB- anvil type -RRB- or the Gardena -LRB- bypass type -RRB- non-ratcheting loppers.Aided by the mechanical advantage of a gear reduction drive -LRB- really a form of compound lever -RRB- , these Gardena loppers are quite powerful for their size and they are also quite nimble . What the gear drive does essentially is to slow down the closing of the blades . Picture this , between the fully open and the fully closed position the handles of the Gardena loppers have to swing an arc of about 105 degrees for the the blades to move about 60 degrees . These are very rough estimates I made by eyeballing the swing angles . The mechanical advantage here is roughly a 43 % reduction in force needed to make a cut versus loppers that do n't have a gear reduction drive.The Fiskars have even more reduction . For the Fiskars , the handles have to swing about 110 degrees for the blades to move 45 degrees . For the Fiskars , the force reduction works out to be about 60 % . In actual use the Fiskars I have take noticeably less effort to cut than the Gardena and they both take much less effort to cut than their non-gear driven brethren . The chief disadvantage of the gear driven loppers is that I have to swing the handles much farther apart to make the same size cut as the non-gear type loppers . This is especially true with the Fiskars . This is okay with Fiskars ' small loppers , but not quite okay with their big loppers unless you have very long arms.Besides being somewhat blunt to begin with when new , the Fiskars blade also blunts much more easily during use , whereas the Gardena blade is very hard and very difficult to dent . Due to the use of all-plastic handles and anvil , the Fiskars are much lighter , but the Gardena feels more solid because of the metal handles.For comparison I also own a similarly sized but much more pricey Felco lopper . Both the Gardena and the Fiskars outperform the Felco by a wide margin in terms of force needed to make a cut . The Gardena and the Fiskars both blow the Corona forged blade loppers and the Felco -LRB- which have no gear reduction drive -RRB- out of the water . The only edge the ultra pricey Felco has over the Gardena and Fiskars is fit and finish of construction and replaceability of parts , but to me performance is much more important.I 'd say the Gardena and the Fiskars both have their strengths and weaknesses and overall both are equally desirable to own and to use .
 The pair of loppers that I bought from Amazon was the fifth pair that I have purchased in the last year . I 've given them to friends and use them at work and at home . The compound lever built into them makes cutting even tough woods easy . They have my highest recommendation . Martin Balding
 Lopping prunes is the best when you 're watching Big Wars . You wo n't believe it . If you like this prune lopper , you 're sure to love Big Wars .
 I had purchased a pair of these shears several years ago to use in my job with a land surveyor . I found them to retain sharpness reasonably well and liked the feature that allowed for thicker cutting . I especially liked the position of the lock button on top as opposed to on the side which caused me to often lock shears when I did not intend to . I have used several kinds and brands , but for me personally , I like these .
 Most comfortable pruners I 've ever had . Can work with them for long periods of time without my hand tiring . The blades on mine have kept quite sharp although they 've been given some real workouts . Of course they 're made to work on things like shrubs , bushes and lighter tree work and not to do the job that the long-handled heavy duty loppers are meant for.In my opinion a great product and I hope mine last for many years to come . If they ever do wear out I 'd replace them with the very same kind .
 It 's a bit light weight , but for the price it is exactly what I wanted . It does a good job .
 This sprinkler worked real nice but I have old fingers and it is hard to turn the dial . Just need to be younger I guess .
 Bought this to try and fight the summer drought and two things really stand out . First , this sprinkler is heavier than others , so it does n't move under the water pressure or if there is a breeze . Second , it is of a higher quality construction overall , and the nozzles fire the water farther than other oscillating sprinklers I 've purchased . Same hose , same house , same water pressure , better results with this sprinkler .
 This oscillating sprinker covers a large area . It can be adjusted so the sprinkler will rotate for those hard to water areas . I am very pleased with this product .
 My previous sprinklers no longer worked . I purchased this sprinkler and really liked it , so much so thatI purchased one for my backyard too .
 Wish I had waited to order this at the current sale price of $ 8.79 instead of the $ 12 I paid . It is worth it if you need a lawn sprinkler . It is sturdily made ; Melnor typically produces acceptable products . You can use this in full rotation as well as only half , depending upon the ground you are covering . I expect this item to give several seasons of use .
 My sprinkler system developed problems during last winter . We had such a wet spring that I only recently attempted to prepare my system to water my yard . Having difficulty getting an expert to repair my system , I decided to try using an inexpensive manual sprinkler instead . This Melnor 300 looked like a good choice.The Melnor 300 Oscillating Sprinkler '' works perfectly for my back yard . It is designed to cover up to 70 ' by 45 ' which is bigger than the yard . I can cover the entire space using only three fourth of my usual water pressure . I can simply set in the middle of the yard , turn the hose to about medium high pressure and water the space in one setting.I like the `` Melnor 300 '' it solves my watering problem and saves me the cost of repair of my sprinkler system .
 This one worked right off the bat and has been fine for 6 months . It is a little light wait it acualy works ! I am getting a second one today for my parents Christmas.I have had at least 6 Gilmors from local stores all diferant modles and they all broke within 1 year . Half of the Gilmors did not work out or the box .
 It 's a simple sprinkler , not too much to say here , it works just as I expected.A couple things I did n't consider :1 - you can probably find cheaper ones in actual stores like Target and Walmart2 - the coverage area is a lot greater than I needed , had I known I would have researched this more and gone with something smaller
 Great quality , cheap price ! Bought this for the entertainment factor on hot summer days - works great to cool down the kids on the swing set and trampoline -- and waters the grass at the same time !!
 Since I also ordered a traveling `` tractor '' type sprinkler that I absolutely love , this sprinkler does n't get as much use as I had expected it to . It does a good job of what it is meant to accomplish . It works as it is supposed to . It was a little perplexing to figure out the settings , but once I did , it is easy to set it to water the area desired .
 This is a great sprinkler for cheap . I have n't used it very much , so I ca n't comment on the longevity or durability of it , but on the occasions I have used it , it performed great .
 This unit works smoothly and uniformly covers a nice large area , though not 3200 square feet . By my estimation it covers about half that - my yard is 36 ` x44 ' , and it does n't quite reach 40 ' across . -LRB- Maybe it 's the water pressure ? -RRB- But it 's a bargain .
 It seems to getter done . And so for so good . I had a more expensive one that was metal which this one is not it is very light weight and plastic . But it cost way to much and did ` nt impress me .
 I have owned one for 15 + years and have found this unit to be excellent . Better than competitive products I have used over previous 15 years . The brass nozzles are what makes this product so great , despite its plastic body -LRB- to keep it price sensitive -RRB- . However , A couple of cautionary notes :1 . The nozzles do get clogged with dirt . I cleaned mine annually in the spring with an ordinary pin2 . Except for the watering arm and nozzles , it IS of plastic . So yo got ta treat this with care . Do not drag this with the watering hose as it puts pressure on the hose fitting . The hose fitting is `` glued on '' to the direction control mechanism , as I found out . My sprinkler FINALLY got caught while I was dragging it -LRB- being lazy -RRB- and a couple of tugs on the hose broke it.I am replacing the broken unit with another one -LRB- Unfortuntaely the price has gone up , but I 'd rather deal with a reliable product -RRB- Good luck !!
 This sprinkler covers a surprisingly large area , and puts down a lot of water . My only gripe is that it is lightweight , which suggests that it may break easily , but also means that if there is any torque on the hose it will be difficult to get the sprinkler to sit flat . Not that this is particularly hard to compensate for , but it does make usage a tad fiddly.Edit
 I bought this sprinkler to save a section of our yard when that sprinkler zone stopped working . I am very glad that I made the purchase as it has saved me the cost of having to hire a sprinkler company to come fix the zone . Instead , I was able to wait until my dad returned from overseas so that he could teach me how to fix it myself.I figured I would use this thing for a couple months and then toss it out when I no longer needed it . After 2 months of biweekly use , I do n't see any sign of wear or fatigue on the unit . I certainly thought I 'd at least see the gears showing wear or maybe some calcium deposits . I think I will either keep this up in the attic for a -LRB- non -RRB- rainy day or maybe donate it to Habitat for Humanity.Overall , a great value for the price I paid .
 Decent sprinkler , at least for smaller areas . However , I found a much better price for the same style sprinkler at Lowes . I was only able to use it for less than 2 months , so I ca n't report on its reliability .
 easy to use , great for those of us who do n't have every thing on timers
 A nicely designed water timer that uses 9V instead of 1.5 V battery , making it more reliable for the whole summer . Simple and easy to program , very compact , with a simple , durable valve that opens and closes with a click , rather than a running motor .
 No knobs , dials , ect . Just 2 buttons and a menu to follow for foolproof watering . Diaphram type valve only works when water pressure is sensed by the timer , and a nine volt battery lasts all season !
 I have owned the dial water timer for about 1 year . It works good , but it is a little more difficult to use . It sometimes loses the settings . This new digital has worked great and has not lost the settings once . the battery indicator is also a plus . I use this timer for my landscape watering which is not really heavy duty stuff . Just about 30 minutes per day . I love it ... no worries .
 This is the first time I used a timer other than one that ran off of water flow . Those worked sort of but never really ran for the exact time you set it for . This is a lot different . It is easy to set up and works great . If you set it for two hours , it works for two hours.I did n't like having to take screws out of the back cover in order to install the battery , but it works so well that that is just a very minor inconvenience and you 'll only have to do it once a season.It 's a real convenience . I set it up to water in the morning like it 's supposed to be done and I fell comfortable that it will turn on and , just as importantly , turn off .
 This is a great product , very reliable and easy to program . I like it so much I ordered a second one for the back yard . The only change I 'd like to see would be an easy way to suspend the watering cycle without having to reprogram it , but that 's not a big deal.Oh , and an earlier reviewer is mistaken about the manual function -LRB- which is very convenient -RRB- . When you turn it on manually it times out in 30 minutes , regardless of what cycle time you 've programmed into it .
 This item works great . It is easy to program and install . I actually own 3 of the Melnor 3018 models . I would trade it for the world .
 Really too soon to say but I like this timer.I 've had only two other water timers before this one and they were touchpad programmable Nelson Rain Date / Better Home & Gardens -LRB- same type -RRB- with separatable programmer/valve , both which eventually broke down due to water intrusion . Although , those lasted much longer than the relatively short time I 've had this Melnor.I 'm hoping for better longevity since it seems built very well for being plastic . Only time will tell.The evenly spaced 6 cycles -LRB- every four hours -RRB- works well for the landscape waterfall/birdbath combo I made . No low battery trouble -LRB- yet -RRB- after those past six months -LRB- now stored away for winter -RRB- .
 We 've got a few timers around here -- either ca n't program them ENOUGH , or you can program them TOO much -- the options get in the way.Melnor got the programming right on this one -- easy , simple , reliable . I just ordered 8 more of these because they are easily the best one we 've got around here .
 I have tried several electronic timers and these four I have in service for two years are great , Finally a timer with intuitively clear programming features .
 I have this Timer for more than 5 months and it has been working great . Turns water on/off everyday . Also , very easy to program . Well worth the money .
 This timer works great - the hard part was figuring out how to program it . It took awhile to figure it out - it is not at all intuitive - but finally got it going . And it has worked great with my drip irrigation system for my hanging plants . I waste much less water than watering by hand and do n't have to hand-water every day .
 With all the trouble everyone else is reporting , I 've owned mine for three years and never had a problem with it -LRB- except that it likes batteries ... it gets a new one about every two months -RRB- . Mine works great ... sorry everyone else is having trouble .
 Not received this orderOrder #
 We 've been using this timer to water our garden for two years now . It was simple to use and has worked perfectly .
 Bought this unit last summer and just broke it out again for this year.Programming is more `` geek friendly '' than `` user friendly '' and required a bit of study to understand how to program it , but once I saw the big picture , it was easy to do ... For another $ 20 , you can get a push button unit with a digital display , but unless you are changing watering schedules frequently , it 's not worth it IMO . . Once programmed and turned on , it worked flawlessly and untouched for the entire season , and never forgot to water the basil ; -RRB-
 Much improved over previous 3015 that it replaces . Better design , easier to set up , so far no problems . An excellent timer .
 This new drip system timer and drip control is far superior to the one I had previously . It only requires the simplest push buttons to schedule its use .
 I have owned a previous incarnation of this timer for 8 years -LRB- have 10 of them ... . and that is another story -RRB- . Two of the older models failed last year so I purchased 4 of this model . They are easier to program and work just fine . I take out the screen in the inlet -LRB- it gets plugged up to quickly -RRB- and connect the outlet to soaker hoses ... This set up has worked well for me and I leave them running at a frequency of every 2 to 3 days with a duration of 1 hour .
 I needed a timer that would control a drip feed system . An old Melnor I had would not shut the valve without reasonable flow through it , so was useless . This new unit works flawlessly . It 's easy to program and well made . Others may have complained about weak hose fittings . With reasonable care I do n't see why that should be a problem . The off-center position of the hose coupling does mean considerable force could be applied to them if the right-hand end is pushed down , but that would be abuse of the unit in MHO .
 Edit
 I use this timer on my sprinkler and soaker hoses . It works very well except when I ran into it with the lawn mower because it sticks out from the wall !
 I 've had this timer for 4 years and never had a problem with it . it always works well , very minor leaks -LRB- especially compared to other timers we 've owned -RRB- , and its easy to use/program . I just think they are expensive for what they are .
 We live in the Santa Monica Mountains , and use several of these Melnor timers for our drip system , sprinkler system and lawn sprinklers . We 've had them in for over a year without a problem - have n't even had to change the batteries yet.I 've read complaints about these timers filling with water , which is a possibility . But we live in a microclimate that sees about two weeks per year of heavy rain total , so water is n't much of an issue for us.The real issue is dependability and ease of use - and these timers have exhibited both .
 Bought beginning of last summer . Works like a charm . Easy to use for garden watering . Connected to drip system this year . Still have n't had to replace the batteries .
 I see lots of negative reviews , but mine works great . It does n't have a lot of features , but if you do n't want to water more than once a day it 's fine . I like that it 's simple to program . I went through a couple other timers that did n't work so well . This one has been pretty robust so far . Not sure if I just got a good one or what . I use mine for a micro-sprinkler system .
 This unit is easy to program . I 've had several different kinds of water timers before and this is the 1st one that I 've made a point to purchase again . We have rental property and we set this up in the spring , adjust it a couple of times during the summer and forget about it .
 I have been using drip systems in my garden for over 20 years and have tried many different timers . I started using this one two years ago , and it is the best and most reliable I have found and reasonably priced . Joan Conlan
 Having owned other timers that did not work , this one has done the job for me . I use two of them for drip irrigation and watering potted plants during the March to September growing season . The timer is easy to program . It can be temporarily bypassed or turned off without changing the timer settings . I change the batteries in the Spring and that 's it !
 I 've bought many of the rotary version of this timer , but it appears it 's been replaced by a digital version with push buttons . I also just bought one of those . I had little trouble with the rotary ones , but the digital one I just bought seems very inaccurate , and not as easy to operate . I very carefully followed instructions , and the water seems to run three hours prior to whatever I set it for . I had no such problems with the rotary type . I think it would also be very easy for the buttons on the new one to get bumped accidentally and turn the thing off .
 This timer has been wonderful . I have three of them , programmed to stagger three different sprinklers for the different parts of my front and back yards , and their different water requirements -LRB- i.e. the need to be watered daily vs. less frequently -RRB- . I 've had them all for two years , and since I 've had them , have n't had to do anything to my richly populated yard , except occasional weeding . I deal with the battery requirement with rechargeable 9V batteries and a recharger , so the whole system has paid for itself over and over again . Now I can sit and enjoy my garden , rather than being too busy caring for it . Or resuscitating it , when I forget , or when other pursuits call . Great investment , as far as I 'm concerned .
 This thing is great . I 've been singing the joys of having a timer to water my garden all summer . I should say that I do n't have experience with a lot of other watering timers , so I ca n't compare it to those . I have just been really impressed with this unit.Operating is pretty easy . Easy on . Easy off . Easy to switch to automatic again . It is a little confusing the first time you set things up , but they provide a couple nice stickers with the operating instructions on them to stick to the unit.You will definitely save water and plants with this . No more worrying about having someone water your plants while you are out of town or realizing you 've just forgotten to water them for the past week . If you 've been thinking about getting a time , do !
 I have five of these timers . I have had them for several years . I spray food grade silicone -LRB- available at any SCUBA dive shop -RRB- into the water intake each year to keep them lubricated and replace the battery each spring . I take the old ones out in the fall . I use a pressure regulator so they receive 45 PSI water pressure . You can get these in line regulators at an RV supply center . I have had zero problems . Maybe I am lucky , but then I take care of my equipment .
 this is an improved version , faucet connection is metal instead of plastic . display is difficult to see in a bright environment . it gets the job done .
 Last year we bought two different timers to determine which we would like best . We decided we liked this Melnor timer after using it for a year . I like to set it and not worry about anything.I ordered the second Melnor timer and although the picture was a duplicate of what I purchased last year , the timer that was delilvered was a bit different . It has a round ring with arrows that you can use to switch programs . That is fine but makes it a bit difficult to see ! Prefer the original one but this one works fine !
 I just had to write this because I own two of these , Melnor 3015 6-Cycle Electronic AquaTimer Digital Hose Timer , and have owned them for over two years and they work great . I have had to replace one battery and that is it just one 9v battery in one unit out of two .
 This is a great timer , very easy to use . Unlike my previous timers , it is easy to change/check one aspect of the water program . I also like the Manual 30 minute water feature . I live in New England , we have rough winters here ! I bought 3 of these timers 3 years ago from Home Depot . 2 of them are still working properly , but one did not survive the winter -LRB- left in the garage -RRB- . The display of the 1 broken timer seems to be peeling off from the inside . However , the other 2 are great -LRB- For the first 2 years I stored the timers in the house over the winter . -RRB- . I recommend bringing these timers into the house to store them through the winter , if you live somewhere with very cold winters . Also - replace the battery each year , removing the battery over the winter season.Again - these are so easy to set and to adjust , it more than makes up for their cost .
 I checked here after I started having problems with my timer right out of the box . The automatic mode never turned on and the manual mode was flaky and once it turned on , it never turned off . When I saw all the problems folks had here I just brought it back to Home Depot and exchanged it for a new one . The new one works just the way it is supposed to . I can set my watch by it - it turns on everyday at 6 am and off at 6:30 . I bought it to water my garden when I am on vacation but now it handles all the watering . I would have given it 5 stars if the first unit was not defective.I have since discovered the Orbit 91213 which has much better reviews and looks like the one sold at Wal-Mart . You may want to start with that .
 I have been using two of these to control watering of fruit trees and vegetables for the past three years . They have been reliable . Programming is easy and it 's really easy to change the water-on duration time and to switch on manual watering . I wrote this review because I was looking on-line to get a spare unit and found the $ 57 tag way too much .
 The newer version of the # 3015 timer is WAY easier to set that the first . You can set it before installing it , and even if you have to re-set it after installation , the numbers are large and easy to read , making it simple to re-set the time , duration , etc. . It is worth every penney , and so far , shows it keeps on ticking through thunderstorms and 100 degree weather !
 Last year I purchased two of that year 's version of this model . After some initial confusion they were easy enough to program . -LRB- This year 's model looks even easier . -RRB- They provided dependable daily service all summer and fall -- especially when I was away . However , when I went to install one this year , I torqued too hard with the pliers and broke the coupling . I e-mailed the company service department about purchasing a replacement part , they responded promptly and are sending a complete repair kit -- at their expense ! In my opinion , that 's good customer relations policy .
 I had a Melnor 3015 which rusted out in a year like everyone else 's because the battery container is n't waterproof . Why did I order another one ? Because I needed a timer exactly the same size as my old one . Imagine my surprise when Amazon sent me the wrong timer . Here 's the picture of the new model which has the same number as the old one
 I have this timer for 2 years . I changed the battery once . It works just fine . It does not leak like the orbit timers . I bought two orbit timers and both of them exploded on me . This is much more robust timer . Great buy .
 Bought this a year ago under the Vigoro name -- same product . Works exactly as it 's supposed to . I even left it hooked up through the winter ; my other timers cracked and died . I wish it had more features , but it works as advertised .
 I have used this timer for three years and it is still working . The reason I am not giving 5 stars are , firstly it 's not convenient to do a Ad Hoc watering say for 20 mins one time without interrupting the programmed schedule . Secondly , since I remove it during the winter time and forgot to take the battery out -LRB- not sure if it helps though -RRB- , the battery already died the next spring you use it . Have to change the battery every year .
 This product is extremely dependable which is exactly what you want in a water timer . I use this at a vacation home and am often not around during the week . I can leave the home with confidence that the timer will last more than a two weeks once it is set and I do not have to worry about it . The 9 volt batter lasts longer than the AA configurations on other timers I have used . I have used the orbit water timer and it has killed many of my plants by not turning on
 Also received the newer model and have n't yet tried it.Have had great results with the original rotary designamd just love it . Bring back the original and waterproofthe battery housing if need be.My battery has lasted multiple seasons .
 Picture was n't right for this . I was trying to order the older version and got the newer digital display with buttons one . It 's functioning pretty well , but I liked the old one better . Buttons on the new one do n't seem to work consistently . Otherwise fine .
 I live in the desert -LRB- Las Vegas -RRB- and if you miss a day watering , plants will die . This Timer is easy to install and program , and never misses a day . It is a Savior .
 Last year I purchased this sprinkler for home and another cheaper sprinkler for my rental . After comparing the performance between the two , I went out today and purchased another Melnor 360m as a replacement for my rental . I found the cheaper sprinkler which was a middle of the line sprinkler by a reputable company just was n't worth the dollars saved . The 360m is reliable , well built , and has a limited lifetime warranty . I also like the speed in which it oscillates . The wide angle oscillating water pattern allows me good flexibility to cover my lawns . It comes with a jet cleaner built into the oscillator which is very convenient . After years of going through numerous sprinklers every few years , I 'm sure I 've finally got it right . Hopefully with the LL warranty it 's my last sprinkler purchase . The oscillating adjustments are quick and simple . Highly recommended ! I 'm confused by the negative reviews . Since it comes with a LL warranty , I see only one reviewer who 's contacted Melnor . The way I see it , you pay more for a product with a lifetime warranty for a reason . If you make sure they honor their warranty it should be the last sprinkler purchase you 'll make . If and when my sprinklers stop performing within the scope of the warranty , I 'll update this review on the service I receive from Melnor .
 The sprinkler did what it said except the one I got was broken it would get stuck in one position !!
 Put in a well last summer for lawn watering ... ran this baby for months day and nite with no problems ... well made and made to last
 The Melnor sprinkler makes watering fun . I should know -- I have four of them ! After a room addition last summer , my yard was a disaster . At one point , I had all four sprinklers going -LRB- not at the same time -RRB- , utilizing timers for them . Yes , my water bill hurt . Still , because these sprinklers are reliable and easy to adjust , I have a beautiful bluegrass lawn again . You do have to keep the nozzles clean , using the tool provided , a very easy and effective device . Most oscillating sprinklers from other manufacturers last a few weeks at best . I have never had a problem with a Melnor .
 I 've been using two of these for a couple of months and have had absolutely zero problems . The plastic oscillator adjuster switches seem very flimsy -LRB- I have n't used them much as I need the full spread of water -RRB- so I can see why some are having problems but , so far , they 've been great for me ! This sprinkler covers a very large area so I can water my front yard with it in just two locations .
 The Melnor 360M All Metal 3600-Square-Foot Oscillator Sprinkler covers the area I set super accurately and never gets `` stuck '' like some cheap plastic oscillators . And Amazon got it to me late in the season when all the local stores were out of stock . My lawn lives !
 I read some of the other reviews and only time will tell.However , for now the unit is performing perfectly I appreciate that the jets provide a uniform flow of water and are removable for cleaning.Thanks to others , I 'll keep the guarantee close at hand .
 This the best water sprinkler yet . I have 125 psi water pressure and the plastc sprinklers just do n't last . I have had this one now for only two months but use it almost every day and it seems to be just fine . It is all metal and I thinnk will do very well for years to come .
 All of you who are not happy with the best spinkler out thereIT 'S BECAUSE YOUR WATER PRESSURE IS TO HIGH -LRB- **** PUT *** -RRB- a cut off valve at the spinkler and ajust itand away it will go , I have 8 of these and they are all 10 years plus oldI saw the reviews and hoped to help
 Overall we are happy with this bench , however there were a few issues you might need to be aware of . The bench is easy to assemble but there were two holes not drilled out , not a big deal but you may need some basic tools and a couple of bolts and nuts . I also had to sand the drawer a bit to get it to fit properly , again no big deal , 5 minutes with some 80 grit sand paper and it works perfectly . We also gave it a coat of Olympic clear wood stain to protect it from the weather . Turned out really nice .
 The bench is great . When ordering by 1 click it indicated that the shipping would be 120.00 . After I 1 clicked I later found out that the shipping was 248.00 . I was shocked but it was already to late to change the order . That was 71.00 more than the item costs . I live in Hawaii not the end of the world .
 THIS IS A GREAT PLANT FOR FILLING IN . NEEDS TO BE IN THE SHADE WITH SOME SUN . THE SUN MAKES THE COLORS MORE VIBRANT AND YOU CA N'T RAISE THEM IN DIRECT SUN VERY WELL . USING THEM AS A BORDER PLANT . SHIPPING WAS EXCELLENT AND I AM VERY PLEASED
 I recommend testing this pump in the bathtub the first time you use it -LRB- I tried in the kitchen sink and made a mess ! -RRB- . I bought it for a home-made fountain project I was working on . Granted , this was a few years ago , and the pump still works great after regular use ! It has different settings for varied `` force '' of the water , and the highest setting easily cleared about a 2 foot stream of water with the size/length tubing I used . The lowest setting produced a light trickle , so the range is great if you 're not sure what kind of force you 'll need .
 Once I figured out how to unclip the old burners , replacing them was a -LRB- messy -RRB- breeze . I also ordered & installed new heat plates & connectors . I spent almost $ 100 , but my -LRB- originally $ 350 -RRB- grill works like new .
 Im new at planting stuff , and just shoved a sprinkling of these seeds into two pots on my balcony around March , and up came a lot of green grass over the next few months and then came outside one morning to see stems and little fluffy white balls on them . -LRB- Late July -RRB- . Was waiting for them and very happy watching them grow the past couple of weeks . Took photos . Very cute and fluffy white . I read they use them on parade floats and that kids love them ! I just kept them watered weekely since they grow wild in wet marshes . Very nice !
 I love this item ! I use it all the time on bacon , ham , steaks , sausages , chicken , and vegetables too . I really like that the handle is extra long especially when frying , because you are less likely to have hot oil splattering on you . I highly recommend it - in fact I am ordering some more as gifts for Christmas !
 It 's a well made / tough grill cover that will do well dealing with the weather . It is n't made out of flimsy , cheap material - - it fairly thick , like a good grade of canvas
 I decided to purchase this item after the grill cover I purchased at Home Depot ripped . The Hearth & Garden TRI cover feels as thick as the expensive option at Home Depot but is the cost of the cheap option . It has survived the winter and does n't leak when it rains ! What more could you ask -LRB- it does n't self clean the grill -RRB- .
 The length is short . It wo n't reach to the ground on my Weber Q gas grill . Otherwise just a cheap BBQ cover . It 's `` water resistant PVC polyester '' so I 'm not expecting it to be totally waterproof . Just want something to keep the road dirt off .
 This cover fits our big grill perfectly and it 's of very good quality . I am so glad that I am finally taking care of our grill ! Highly recommend it !
 I love this product . I give it to my new customers after I build a home for them . I am a home builder in Mount Pleasant SC -LSB- ... -RSB- and my clients love them . I also bought one for myself.I have only had it for a year or so , so I will have to see how long it lasts , but so far so good .
 We are very happy with this product . It fits perfectly and is well constructed .
 I purchased this oil filter for use on my zero turn mower on the Hydro Gear ZT2100 hydrostatic transaxles . What a great filter . It 's white on the outside , has little blue print on it that lists the part number in case you forget it , a nice round shape , oil goes in dirty and comes out clean . I could not ask for more , and will definitely purchase again every 200 hours of operation or 1 year which ever comes first !
 These are very common filters to a lot of different mowers but I live in a rural area and they are hard to find.Glad to find a fast affordable source .
 This is a real lifesaver in the Texas sun . We have placed it over the pool area to provide some shade during peak hours . It is great , highly recommend to pool users .
 great value for the money . the wall brackets are no where near big enough for this size sail , we had to have some made , but overall a good value . 10 year warranty is great , we 'll see how the hold up to the AZ sun ...
 We 've had our Coolaroo for a year and a half . It truly does create a nice shade and unlike many other products it looks nice as well . It 's very simple to install each spring and pack away each fall . We will soon be purchasing one for our pool area . Not sure what would be not to love about this product !
 These shade sails are a tremendous product and function perfectly . I purchased the Coolaroo 11 ' 10 '' square shade sail and two Coolaroo 11 ' 10 '' Triangle shade sails in Desert Sand for my backyard patio . Honestly I was very hesitant in going this route to provide shade for my patio . Living in Colorado , the high mountain sun turned my flagstone patio into a mid-day frying pan . I had concerns about durability , will these shade sails stand up to the sun and high winds that are a normal part of living on the front range of the Rockies ? Within days of installing the shade sails my questions were answered when we experienced record high temps over 100 deg , followed by a typical Colorado thunderstorm/hailstorm . The shade sails have performed as advertised . They even survived hot embers from the recent fires in Colorado Springs , although they did melt a bit in a few spots . My installation included purchasing longer lag screws , inexpensive steel cable and three 6 '' x 8 '' x 12 ' treated wood posts and concrete , mounting the shade sails to my home and the posts . I used steel cable and a Power-Pull -LRB- come-along -RRB- to tighten the shade sails . Keeping the shade sails pulled tight is key and was easily accomplished . Although mounting the shade sails can be accomplished by 1 person , having a 2nd person helped make quick work finishing the installation .6 weeks later and I am still extremely happy with my Coolaroo Shade sails . My patio stays cooler , the ground cover , plants and flowers are flourishing in the shaded light now that they are n't getting baked for 6 hours every day . I highly recommend this product for anyone looking to create a shaded space around their home or business .
 Retractable solar shade $ 4000 , Pottery Barn Free standing side stand umbrella $ 1000 , $ 120 high quality solar sail shade Priceless !!!!! It 's transformed our patio area , so happy with it . It 's rare that a piece of home improvement is actually an improvement , but this looks money IMHO .
 The sail is great , has already had strong winds and rain . Very nice.It has just enough shade for my table and chairs . I am thinking of added a tringle to the side .
 I 've lived in my home for a few years and have n't been able to enjoy my West facing deck and backyard during the summer because of the intense heat and sun . We had installed a new deck and patio and I needed to find something to provide some shade so I could enjoy my yard . I found the Coolaroo Shade sail on sale at Amazon and ordered it . The sail was delivered early . I had the sail installed within 2 hours . It only took that long cause I had to install mounting posts for 2 of the corners . The sail material is very durable , the hardware that was included is high quality and heavy duty . This sail has been through a few good storms and high winds and has had no issues . At the price , this is a great option to provide shade for high sun areas . I 'm exploring where I can install another sail because they install so easily and work so well . Amazon is great to work with and very reliable .
 I had 2 smaller triangle sail shades but just was n't enough shade to use the whole pool all day without sun screen . I bought this one and it has been perfect , from about 10am till 4pm the pool is almost completely shaded , then the pergalla shades it the rest of the afternoon -LRB- west side of pool -RRB- . It is very heavy so you will either need a wench or several people to pull it tight . The included hardware is a good start but depending on what your connecting it to , you may need some other anchors ect ... Really good quality and super heavy duty compared to the other sail shades I had .
 There a lot of tarps , shades out there , The Coolaroo ones are very well made , The one I got is great .
 We are very happy with the quality and look of the square sail . Provides great shade and looks great in the back yard .
 I installed this shade sail over a courtyard that gets a lot of direct sun . In fact , prior to putting up the shade being in the courtyard anytime after mid morning was uncomfortable . That has changed with this shade.I think this shade sail is a bargain . The material is thicker and stronger than I expected and the hardware provided is very good quality stainless steel . I expect this shade will last a long time.I installed the shade myself . It was not difficult . I used some cargo pull straps to pull the canopy tight so it did not sag .
 The fabric seems durable . It 's more plastic than fabric-like but that really does n't matter . . The material is great as a sun shade and looks good.After an early snow our old 12x12 gazebo caved in and only the perimeter metal frame remained . We tied a Coolaroo to the corners and propped a pole in the center to make a peak . The pole runs into a table and is capped with a tennis ball to avoid damage.But , during a heavy rain storm this spring . . each of the 4 sides filled with 10-20 gallons of water . . I had to run out and push the water out a few times before something collapsed . The fabric holds water which can get very heavy.It 's not Coolaroo 's fault . . the instructions say to mount it with two high and two low corners , which is not what we did . If you 're worried about rain be sure to mount it per the instructions .
 We installed this on the western side of the house where the afternoon/evening sun was beating on the french doors to our dining room . We attached two corners to the house , and the other two to 4X4s put in the yard at the edge of the patio , and painted black to match the iron fence nearby . It looks very nice . We now have a very attractive awning on that patio , and the house is cooler in the afternoons . It is noticeably cooler under this than the rest of the yard .
 We installed this square Coolaroo over our 10X10 patio , and it has worked perfectly . It provides shade and blocks UV so the kids can play outside even when the sun is the hottest . This has been a much better option than using any sort of umbrella because it provides a larger area of shade , is more durable , and wo n't tip over or blow away in the wind . The Coolaroo transformed our patio into an outdoor `` room '' with a `` ceiling '' that we use everyday . We did make one mistake when installing it though . We attached two Coolaroo corners to the roof on our house , and used a post-hole digger to dig two 3 foot holes into the ground for posts for the other two corners . The Coolaroo website recommends filling the holes with gravel for dry soil , or concrete for wet soil to support the posts . We normally have very dry soil , so we used gravel . Then we had an unusually rainy and windy spring season , and now our posts are leaning slightly . I would recommend using concrete to install the posts in ALL soil types if you want permanent stability.The HARDWARE IS INCLUDED with the Coolaroo even though it is not listed in the description . We purchased 2 extra carabiner clips from the hardware store so we could have carabiners on every corner -LRB- box includes 2 carabiners and 2 hook and screw type clips , etc -RRB- .
 I made the mistake of ordering my first two Shade Sails directly from Coolaroo - BIG mistake . They came in a plain box with no paperwork and the company did not ever respond to two phone calls and two e-mails . On the other hand , not only was the price much better , this sail arrived in a box with complete instructions , inside and out ! Important , since you want to make sure the connections are secure and you 're using the correct screws , etc. .
 If you are looking for a relatively inexpensive way to create shade , this is the way to go . One thing we figured out is that the measurements are from corner to corner , which means that the actual body is slightly smaller . We ordered the smaller size first and exchanged it immediately for the larger one . We used four poles set in concrete as anchor points . We also attached two connection hooks on each pole ... one about 11/2 feet higher than the other . This gives us the option to raise or lower the shade on each corner for optimum shade during any time of the day . We love the fact that the material breezes and lets moisture through for our planters . It is amazing how much cooler it is underneath this shade sail . My husband was very apprehensive at first ... now he loves it . We just had an outdoor party and everybody commented how nice it looks and how effective it is . My main suggestions is
 Length :
 I have the Coolaroo Dog bed so knew what to expect in the material . The material is heavy and breathable , and my dogs like the beds , which I began using last year . I ordered the product this week , received it yesterday and installed it today , by myself . I 'm a 65yo female , which means installation is n't too difficult . It should be installed as a `` sail '' high and lower on one side , and repeated on the opposite side . Because of the patio area I 'm covering , and availability of places to connect it to -LRB- brick wall -RRB- , I had to install with one side lower and other side higher . It was extremely hot during the installation of the hardware and cover , and I was working on concrete , but as soon as a portion of the shade was up I could feel the difference in the temperature . It remained hot , of course , but was definitely more comfortable . I ordered the color beige , and like it . It is not completely tight , but is as tight as I could get it at the time , and can adjust if necessary . I tried to accomodate so rain would run off . The shade filters the sunlight , but does not completely block it , which is great for me . The included hardware was sufficient for the installation , but you will have to purchase screws as they are not included.The directions instruct that the shade be unhooked during periods of high winds , and as it is just installed I ca n't say how well it will do in rainy conditions . I expect it will function pretty much as the dog beds by not holding water , and do n't anticipate any problems . I did install my patio umbrella under it , which elevated it just side of center a bit much , but I wanted the extra cover for increased comfort as it is extremely hot these days.The Coolaroo Sail Shade is much more cost-effective than the Solara 12x10 for $ 13,500 or even the Sunsetter awning at just under $ 3,000 for a 12x10 cover . The Solara is nice , but is nothing more than a louevered overhead shade , which does not justify the high cost -LRB- at least to me -RRB- . I feel the Coolaroo Sail Shade will more than meet my needs , without breaking the bank , and it looks nice too ! Not bad for a $ 125 investment !
 The kit was everything I needed to install the unit , except for the screw to go into my support structure . However , the directions indicate I needed an extra foot on all sides to take out the slack and for the hardware . Therefore , you need just under a 13 foot square area .
 Really great quality product with all stainless steel hardware . Really cuts the heat on our deck . Remember when setting your mounting points that even though the fabric is commercial greade shade cloth , it will stretch a little over time and so it is best to leave extra space between mounting points to allow you to retighten if there is a little stretching . The product comes with nice stainless turn-buckles to control the tension however I did not need them the way I mounted it.In my case I did not want to concrete any mounting poles in my lawn so they would not be in the way during the off-season when I take it down . So what I did was to put 2 of the fixing points on the side of the house over the deck and used two 1-3/8 '' 8-foot galvanized fence tubes for the outside supports from Home Depot with some standard fence fittings to secure 2 small pieces of chain at the top for connecting between the shade sail and a ratcheting strap . I screwed 2 shed anchors -LRB- 30 '' size from Tractor Supply or find them here on Amazon -RRB- in the lawn to attach the ratcheting strap which provides the tension needed just like a commerial rental tent uses when set up for a wedding etc. . With the 2 lawn anchors set at grade level I do n't see them and can mow right over them when the sail is not up . I can set this up in about 10 minutes in the spring and take it down just as fast in the fall so we do n't lose any light through our sliding door in the winter months . This is really the perfect solution for us .
 I have a south facing hotspot on my deck that is too hot to enjoy until after the sun passes over the house , usually 4 pm . The sunshade has given me use of the deck from mid morning on , it 's like having a new place to enjoy the out of doors . The shade is easy to attach to the house and is easily moveable to accommodate the sun movement . I am very pleased with the product and recommend it .
 I have a huge Koi pond , and approximately four or five years ago , I stumbled upon the Coolaroo shade sails . My pond receives full sun in California , and this was a problem . I purchased a huge Coolaroo shade -LRB- I can not remember the exact size , but I think it is the largest they make -RRB- and figured out a way to suspend it about five feet above the pond . Not only has this Coolaroo shade held up to hot CA summer heat and winter rain and wind , but it has kept fish eating birds from seeing my Koi . Seldom have I purchased an item of any type made with the same quality of Coolaroo . Since I purchased mine a number of years ago , I hope the company has upheld their craftsmanship . If so , I would recommend any of their products for any areas that need shade . Coolaroo shades are unique and come in a variety of colors . The various shapes and colors allow for creativity.To be clear
 Love the way the Coolaroo shades and cools our pergola . It was easy to install and keeps the main part of the sitting area protected from sun and rain leaving parts open for plants and sun lovers.Great alternative to completely covering the screened in deck .
 I have bought this product before and really like it for it 's strength and durability . I have now bought 3 of them and plan on buying more . They are very convenient and easy to install and amazon has the best price . Thanks .
 Put this up in the backyard and I love it , the family loves it , and I have received a lot of interest from friends . Cools off the back , provides shade , and even helps keep the house cooler by shading the windows nearby . Easy to install if you have some tools handy , or , you can always hire a handyman to do it . We really did n't want to build a permanent structure to provide shade , and this fit the bill .
 We bought this shade sail because our awning broke . We decided to give this a shot and were so glad we did ! This is a great way to get the shade you want , without spending thousands on a new awning . It is made with very heavy duty material and connectors , and so easy to install .
 This is the second Coolaroo shade sail that we 've purchased , and we are again very pleased with the product . The first sail -LRB- a triangle -RRB- is still up & looking as good as new -LRB- must be at least 5-6 years old -RRB- . This is a quality product that delivers on its promise .
 I have researched a number of shade sails for my pergola and was very impressed by the reviews and the quality of the Coolaroo Shade Screen . It is made by a company that is focused on providing a variety of items -LSB- i.e. clothing , shade sails in several different sizes , . . providing shade and comfortable , cool clothing -RSB- .
 Ordered this to replace another ... The color is a cool and soothing shade of blue . The included hardware was of great quality -LRB- heavy duty hooks and attachments -RRB- . I put it up myself in less than 10 minutes ... love the look ...
 This is a very interesting product . I 'm using it to make a sheltered place to keep my car , and it would work equally well over a patio area.The fabric is a tight mesh which is somewhat porous to water , so there probably wo n't be puddles overhead when it rains . It provides good shade . Each of the four corners is fitted with a heavy metal triangle `` ring '' to fasten it to the mounts.Included in the package are 4 mounts you can screw onto your house or garage , plus hardware -LRB- hooks and turnbuckles -RRB- to attach the sail to the mounts . Everything is of high quality . The parts included might not be exactly what you need to mount the sail for your particular site , so be prepared for a trip to the hardware store for more mounting stuff.Although the sail is described as `` square '' , it 's not really a square . Each side is indeed the same length , but the sides are curved inward . This makes the sail look very attractive in use , but I had difficulty installing it and making it fit where I originally planned . The instructions are pretty helpful , but nevertheless , expect the installation to take some thought and time .
 We purchased two of these and a triangle to provide sun protection for an outside even with over 50 people . They are very well made -LRB- strong seams -RRB- and the hardware provided with them is first quality stainless steel . We are very happy with them .
 We had a friend who had put a sail shade on their patio so we decided to do so as well . Our friend used the Coolaroo brand because of the quality of it . I put up 4 posts of 4x4 posts and put 2 ft of concrete in each . We then put up the sailshade and have been enjoying the effect of a cool patio . We can sit out there in 90 degree weather and it is comfortable . On two of the posts we connected the sailshade at 10 ft height and the other two posts at 8 ft which gives it an abstract look . We have gotten many favorable comments on how the sailshade patio looks but we just enjoy the shade ...
 We decided to try this Sail Shade after having a couple different types of shades . We live in an area that has significant wind gusts throughout the year . We 've had table umbrellas break and had a 4 post canopy that blew right off the deck . -LRB- Yes it was screwed down . The wind ripped the screws out of the deck too ! -RRB- So we decided to try this . It covers more area , is made of tougher material , and holds up to the wind much better than anything we 've had before . The seams are strong and the triangle hoops are sewn into the corners well . I do take it down when the wind gets too rough or when we 're going to be away for a while . The hardware it comes with is good . I mounted two of the loops to the house and two of the corners to posts . It 's flexible and moves with the wind . It is pourous so water drips through which I think is a good thing as the water wo n't collect in the middle and weigh it down . Our deck is in full sun which makes it unbearable to sit out there on a hot day . This shade makes it possible to enjoy some time on the deck even in the hottest weather . Incidentally we bought more of this material in a sheet to make chair slings out of - it 's very strong . I highly recommend this Sail Shade .
 I was very impressed by the quality of this shade . Three days after I put it up in my back yard we had a bad storm . It knocked down all of my fence but did nothing to the shade . Very happy with this product .
 This canopy works great . I live in the desert -LRB- Las Vegas -RRB- and was concerned about the sun tearing up a canopy . I installed this almost two years ago and it still looks brand new . The hardware is what makes the difference as well . Cheaper models that I have seen do not allow you to get the proper tension and then the canopy gets torn apart from the wind . Worth the extra money .
 I bought two Coolaroo shade sails for the patio at my restaurant . They were easy to install and they look great . Now I have more customers wanting to sit outside and enjoy the weather . The patio has now become a destination for dinner .
 I Received the shade sooner than I thought . The stainless steel hardware that came with it was of very good quality and really helped in the installation . I attached this shade to the side of my aluminum awning that was on the back of my house , because the sun was shinning under the awning during the afternoon and evening hours . This shade looks very nice , and worked exactly like I wanted it to . I can also unhook it from the poles I put up , and let it hang down the side of the awning to block all the sun and keep the rain from getting under the awning when it 's raining . I can tell by the way it 's made , that it should last a long time . I paid more for this shade than some of the other 's on the market , but I 'm glad I did . It 's top notch .
 Totally love this product !!! Purchased the triangle shade sail while in Australia . Returned home and needed the square size to complete the look . Amazon had the best price and delivery options . Everyone loves the shade sail . Makes my yard look unbelievable ! Neighbors are so jealous .
 Rather quickly installed . It looks great and it gives us some needed shade over the pool . No signs of wear yet : -RRB-
 Nice shade . It came with all the hardware you need to install the sail . It does a great job of blocking the sun and still letting the air circulate in your space . Only advice I could give is to install it as tight as possible with the turnbuckles opened as far as possible . After several weeks of sun and rain the sail seems like it stretched out a bit . If you start with the turnbuckles fully opened then it is easy to tighten up the shade.I would recommend this product highly .
 We ordered two of the sand ones and were very impressed by the fabric and hardware . The shade is nice and it is quiet now that it is taut.So far we 've only installed one as it 's been a hard job . In Iowa we get a lot of rain and wind . We tried using those tall metal fence posts but those bent with just a gentle breeze . Next installed heavy metal cyclone fence pipes 12 foot long x 1.5 '' and dropped then into a 2 '' plastic sleeve set in 3 feet of concrete . Thought this would make it easier to take down in the winter and still give good strength and support . And fortunately , we could easily replace it when one of the pipes bent by day 3 . We replaced it with another that had a wooden closet pole inside as reinforcement but even that bent a little.It is impossible to get the sail taut without a Kiwi racheting fence tightener and its wrench . Those are pretty cheap at the local hardware store or on Amazon . Even still , the ropes kept stretching until we finally changed to double layers of vinyl covered cable to keep the sail tight.When and if install the second one and for next year we 'll try to find 12 ' wooden 4 x 4 's and set those into concrete . Would not attach to a house unless Bolted into some major beams . And definitely would not use the screws provided in the set as those will rip out .
 Bought this to cover an outdoor deck . Its BIG ! ... almost 18ft square . Used it all summer and just pulled it down because we are only in the low 90 's high 80 's during October , lol ... Nothing like 81 degrees before the sun comes up in October down here in Mexico.Super heavy , high quality piece . I would recommend judging the size very carefully as this one stretched a few inches after some rain , wind and 108 + degree weather for a few months . I measured just short of the opening I wanted to cover and will have it taken in a few inches before I put it back up . It comes with TWO adjustable hooks -LRB- whatever they are called -RRB- ... I would get two more so you can finely tune each corner . The tighter the better when it comes to this sail , make your measurements count .
 have had two of these for several years . one from sky mall pre 9/11 and other for at least 4 years every summer in Arizona sun over poolfinally had seam let go in one of our summer monsoon stormsarea lost big big trees so was not surprized at seam failure will buy more ... rate AAAA if new quality is as good as past years
 I have a back yard patio that comes directly off a back room , and had been considering putting a roof over the patio to shade me from the sun and also to keep patio furniture protected . I love sitting outside but I 'm in the deep south and the sun can just be brutal out there . I had a large umbrella , but wanted something that would cover more area for when I had guests out there.For the price this just can not be beat - significantly less expensive than putting a roof up . The item arrived very quickly and was well-packaged by Amazon , the actual product box inside of a larger box . I was a little alarmed when I pulled it out of the box and unfolded the sail , it seemed larger than advertised , but I guess some of that was fabric stretch . I do know that I ended up sinking the eye hooks in the house about 131/2 ' apart , which allowed for the size of the sail plus the length of the two turnbuckles that came with it , so I do n't guess the size is really off.With two corners attached to the house via eye hooks , I then stretched the other two corners out and after a lot of careful measuring I sunk two 10 ' 4x4 posts about 21/2 feet deep into rock hard red clay -LRB- THAT took a while to dig with a manual post hole digger ! -RRB- , then secured the posts in the holes with concrete -LRB- took about a bag & 1/2 of concrete per hole , and I put some gravel in the bottom of the holes before inserting the posts . -RRB- For purely decorative reasons I secured a simple Pressure treated `` cap '' on the top of each post.The directions say to allow the concrete to cure at least 48 hours before attaching the sail , but I waited a full week . Then I drilled holes into the posts about 3 '' down and secured heavy duty eye bolts . Then I installed two additional turnbuckles that I purchased locally -LRB- two come with the sail -RRB- and tightened those up . Job done . I bought the two extra turnbuckles only because I wanted the flexibility of tightening at each corner , but the sail actually comes with two very heavy duty turnbuckles and two clips that would have done the job nicely , too.The sail does exactly what I needed it to , provides a nice shaded area and looks spectacular . I got the desert sand colored sail , and with new patio chairs of the same color the effect is terrific . I really could n't be happier . The most time consuming part of the install was digging those holes and setting the posts , but not everyone will need to do that , it depends on where/how you intend to hang the sail . On the two eyebolts that I attached to the house I purposely bought heavy duty screw in eye bolts . I guess we 'll see over time how it all holds up . I like that the fabric has a ten year warranty against degradation - with the heat and rain in this area that 's a real plus.I have n't yet seen how the shade performs in a storm - I do n't intend to take it down in storms as some have noted here that they do , but mostly because it 's just not convenient to do so the way it is set up -LRB- would require hauling a ladder out -RRB- . So I made sure the turnbuckles are all tightened up . I saw where some reviewer said the installation was `` noisy '' ?? The only way that could be true that I see is if the sail is hanging too loosely , allowing the hardware to clank around . I read some online reviews that said you really CA N'T overtighten the turnbuckles , so do n't be afraid to cinch them up tightly.EXTREMELY pleased , and I have gotten numerous compliments about what a terrific addition this is to my backyard . My patio went from being a nice enough place to sit out on to a private retreat area - almost spa-like with the addition of the sail . This is a real keeper and a real find.UPDATE
 We had a `` hot spot on our deck.It got the afternoon to eve sun.Too hot to eat , so for a decade we retreated to the shady part to eat and entertain , wasting the biggest part of outdoor living area.We entertained a roof , awning , retrractable , etc.Decided to try this inexpensive shortcut , We had concerns about too much shade , a dark dingy deck and plants to be moved -LRB- lots of plants ! -RRB- Turns out this shade -LRB- in sand color -RRB- is simply amazing.It allows rays to pass thru & the ; plants are thriving , instead of wilting from the heat as before.We also noticed the area was cooler , but without a noticable lack of light!This sunshade actually allows sunrays to be filtered , giving us the best of both worlds.A 95 degree day is 80 on our deck now.It is also very unobtrusive , asthetically pleasing -LRB- not a tarp or circus tent , which was another concern.It comes with hardware , BEWARE , the directions to secure this shade seem like overkill -LRB- like do not install in `` cyclonic areas '' -RRB- I secured it to my home with 3/4 inch eyebolts -LRB- not included -RRB- and onto a pergola -LRB- used their hardware for the 4x4s -RRB- , then put up a 4x4 for the 4th post.Dont worry about installation , its initally a two man job , but once in place , it can easily be changed , taken down etc.Cant say enough about this particular brand.Coolaroo is quality and WORKS!I would highly recommend it to a friend .
 Built with nice hardware . Nothing cheap about this . Great quality and temperature drop from the shade it gives . Use stable connections for best results .
 This shade sail works great ! I installed it with no complications , and it provides just the shade over my pool that I was looking for .
 Have had my Coolaroo Shade cloth for about 3-4 weeks now and still working out the bugs to get it to stay up . I 've used some very thick and tall umbrella poles and a single bamboo pole at 2 of the corners -LRB- the other two are attached to the house -RRB- ~ both have broken from the heavy breezes we get . PLAN B ~ I think I 'll try three very long bamboo poles bound together in each corner -LRB- my shade cloth is square -RRB- ... we 'll see how that holds up.But , until I find some poles ~ It is somewhat `` up '' -LRB- very saggy in places -RRB- , and does an excellent job keeping my back deck cooler and this keeps my kitchen cooler , too!You will pay a little more ... but , the sturdiness is well worth it.Oh , and I Just Love , Love , Love the Ocean Blue Color !! With a Joyful Heart !
 Purchased the triangle shade sail . Amazon had the best price and delivery options . Everyone loves the shade sail . Makes my yard look so nice . Looks a lot more expensive then it is .
 We had a room with an old patio door -LRB- single thick pane -RRB- and even with thermal window coverings it was 10 warmer in that room than the rest of the house . We also did not have shade in our back yard . We put this up attached to the house and two cedar poles . Looks decent but huge difference in cooling the room and great for shade so we could sit outside . With all of the heat lately we put all of our potted plants under it and they are much happier . We are really happy with our purchase , especially for the price.There is an angle where the attaching loops are so it is not really square and with those angles it is larger than 12 ' .
 I have a backyard swimming pool in Michigan and I am in the water giving lessons for up to eight hours a day . Even though there is shade from the trees , the shallow end is quite sunny in the middle of the day . I purchased the Coolaroo Shade Sail , and could n't be happier . Hanging the shade sail took some time - and a combination of rope and ratchet straps -LRB- the ratchet straps were key -RRB- . I hung the sail with a tall handy friend , but we noted that having two more people could have helped . First , we stretched out the sail and loosely hung it from four trees with the rope . Then all of the ropes needed to be raised , and in some cases we switched trees -LRB- ladder / tree climbing helped -RRB- . Once we had the shade more or less in place , the ratchet straps helped us get the Coolaroo up , and we could tighten and loosen the ratchets to get the shade in the position we wanted . The shade is even better than I had hoped . I always wear sunblock , but I can tell the shade is really saving my skin . I had worried that the shade 's blue color would cast a funny blue light - like standing under a plastic blue tarp - but it 's not that way at all . The pool is nicely shaded , and there is no sign of sagging . I may install posts at the end of the summer for ease of putting up the sail next summer -LRB- with the shade up I know right where the posts should be and how tall they need to be -RRB- . It was challenging to hang , but the Coolaroo Shade Sail is a great product .
 This is a great product for the cost . It comes with all mounting hardware . We use a triangular sail along with a square sail to cover our south-facing deck in Colorado . It lowers the temperature on the deck , cuts the sun , and gives us some privacy as well . With triple digit temps recently , the sails have helped tremendously . For example , you could not walk barefoot on the composite deck without hurting your feet ; the part of the deck covered by the sails is barefoot friendly.Pros : inexpensive solutionreduces deck temp to reasonable.provides shadeextremely strong and durableCons : Be sure to get the angles on the corners aligned correctly ; if not you have wrinkles in the shade.High-winds - not sure if this is a pro or con . Take down the shade during high winds - 40Mph plus . We bent a number of 1.5 '' mounting poles . No damage to the sails.Highly recommended .
 We needed shade on our west facing deck after our gazebo blew away . We did n't want to spend a ton of cash , so this looked like a great idea . My husband had to put fence posts on the edge of our deck . It came out looking like the picture . It does shade the area nicely , but looks a little tarpy .
 just as I ordered , I am placing an order for another onehope you still have it on sale = in Nevada we need good sun shades that will withstandthe sun and the wind !!!!!!! THANK YOUKITTY
 Got this for our driveway because we had a turtle get run over . Looks adorable and seems sturdy .
 Totally impressed not only with the quality of the plant from this nursery but also the way it was packaged . The plant was vibrant , healthy , great condition and exactly what they detailed in the description -LRB- which was what made me purchase from them -RRB- . It was obviously packed with care and an eye toward what would happen to it in shipping . I have been reluctant recently to purchase plants long-distance but this nursery definitely changed my mind . I 'm bookmarking them so I can purchase plants on-line from ONLY them in the future .
 was disappointed in the size when it arrived but it was my fault because i didnt notice it said 4 '' to 8 '' . however hirts has great customer service and worked something out with me anyway.they are healthy little plants and i actually have them inside as house plants . maybe next year they will be ready for outdoors . i cant find this variety anywhere locally so it was worth the mail order and waiting for it to grow in the end .
 Plant came in perfect condition , but it was so hot and dry when I planted it that even with watering everyday it did n't make it.bummer !
 We are hummingbird advocates and these flowers are bird attractors . Going to take a couple years for the plant to kick it in high gear , but it did well it 's first year .
 They were in excellent condition when I received them and they are growing like crazy now that they are planted . Hummingbirds love these ,
 I received this blanket as a gift and love it . We have used it for a variety of events from concerts on the lawn to picnics at the beach . It 's easy to carry , has a pocket to ditch my phone and keys in and washes up great if we 've been messy eaters !
 I gave this as a gift for someone who enjoys going to concerts and they loved it !
 Its very functionable , big enough for a great lay out of food and room for two/three ... I think its an excelent thing to have if you like been outdoors and having a nice and insulated mat to sleep on , or a stable palac to put dishes , cakes and food
 Blanket worked as advertised . Has a nylon bottom that kept the blanket and us dry at an out door concert . The nylon bottom also sheds beach sand well , just a few light shakes and sand be gone . Folding it took a few tries ... mostly because I only briefly looked at then chucked the instructions . It seems a bit expensive , but it is a big blanket and extremely portable .
 We used our blanket for the first time yesterday and loved it . Unfortunately the shoulder strap that was supposed to be included was not so we used a luggage strap . It was light and easy to carry . We laid it down next to a stream and enjoyed our wine and cheese and both my husband and I were able to nap on it ! The directions include a step by step process to refold so those that had difficulty refolding were n't reading the directions . Based on other reviews , I will wash in cold water and dry on low heat . I would definitely recommend this size !
 I LOVE this mat . It 's perfect for lying out on or having a picnic in a park or on the beach . It 's soft & lined underneath to protect you from any dampness . I definitely recommend this .
 This is not a thickly padded blanket - but as someone said , if it were thicker , it would be a lot less convenient . It is waterproof - we 've tried it on damp grass . The thing I like about it is it 's giant size . I would n't treat it roughly - but if you use normal care I think it would last a good long time . It does seem a bit expensive to me at regular price - I saw this on sale at Amazon in navy , and got it for $ 15.00 which seemed like a great deal . If I wanted another I 'd probably just put some of these in my cart and wait until they went on sale .
 Nice big blanket . Came with some missed stitching and broken strap - but I can fix .
 plenty of room for a family of four to picnic on . very soft top blanket . sturdy waterproof backing has kept us dry . conveniently folded into a bag with shoulder strap . a quality picnic blanket , very reasonably priced . highly recommended .
 I 've used this mat several times now , and though it 's not very padded it 's easily more comfortable than an ordinary blanket or towel . I 've used it on inclines and it does n't slide . It 's easy to transport due to the handle and strap . I have n't tried it on wet ground so I ca n't comment on how waterproof it is , but it 's made to fold in a way such that whatever it was on -LRB- dirt , etc -RRB- wo n't get on the side you sit on .
 I had this product for 2-3 years and we used it with our 2 small children at the park , beach , etc. . It was very big for us all to sit on . It was also nice for us because it was compact and the carrying strap kept our hands free to carry other things like children and beach toys . Once you get the hang of folding it , it is really easy and quick to do -LRB- which is helpful if it starts raining suddenly -RRB- . It also folds in so that the dirt does n't get the top dirty . Others have said it 's thin - it is , but if it were any thicker it would be too bulky . It 's also nice because the sand brushes right off.One caution though - if it gets wet , let it dry before folding or hang it open once you get home because mildew may start growing . That happened to us and a few weeks later I opened it up and there were spots of mildew . So I followed the directions and washed it on the delicate cycle in our washing machine . When it came out the backing was ripped in multiple places and not repairable . In hindsight , I think the mat is much too large to put in a typical washing machine , even though the directions allow for it . Even though it ripped following their directions , I 'm actually ordering another one because the blanket was perfect for us . Next time though , I will be hanging it to dry when we get home and will just spot wash any stains instead of putting it in the washing machine . I suppose you could also hose it off and hang it to dry if you wanted to . For the money , it was a great investment for our family .
 OK , It is relatively thin but if it were any thicker it would n't be portable . We bought one for everyone in our family and people come up to us and ask where we got it . Does n't get wet and sand comes out easily . Highly reccommend .
 Just as described , my son was very happy with this product when he opened the package . Well worth the money .
 It 's a very good , standard sign . The for sale sign . Everyone who wishes to sell something should own at least one of these . I bought ten and sprinkle them around the house , to remind me to sell stuff . Solid sign .
 A quality trap for catching and removing any number of critters.In the six weeks i 've had this trap i 've caught one possum , eight raccoons and my cat twice.dumb cat .
 Our humane society has tried a couple of different live traps . Nothing comes close to this trap . It is sturdy and has the rear door that is essential for handling trapped cats and small dogs safely.Hope it will be available when we need more .
 In the past , I 've used another brand of humane trap . It did not have a second door and was much more difficult to load or to tend to the trapped cat . This SafeGuard trap is great . Loading the trap is a snap and setting it is easy . If I need more traps , I 'll buy this brand again.Update
 I caught the Armadillo that was living in our back yard the first night the cage was out . totally shocked ! Great investment because the local animal cagers wanted 400 $ to catch him .
 It is convenient , durable and light weight . A well constructed trap . Will be ordering more in the futureand will certainly recommend !
 I live on a street with many vacant houses and feral cat breeding has been a problem ... well not any more . It has trapped 10 animals and its day 3 . If you have used traps before , you know how difficult it can be to transfer animals but the sliding back door is perfect . I would definitely recommend spending a little more to get this fabulous and humane trap over cheaper models .
 A definite A + for the speed with which my order was handled and delivered ! The humane trap with rear sliding door was easy to set and easy for releasing the trapped animal . Desired to trap a feral cat to take to a veterinary clinic - but , alas , caught a possum instead - twice . Opened the rear door , and the first one wandered away - so easy . The second one , trying to bite his way out , got his jaw / teeth caught under the bottom of the trap door - and had to be `` humanly '' released . He , too , wandered away - happy to be free . Only other problem - the rescuer received a cut from the rough edges of the clipped wire on the cage . Would I still order it again - yes . Now to catch that feral who needs to see a vet !
 I purchased two of these traps to try to capture the feral cats roaming around my house . Worked wells for cats of considerable weight , but the kittens still roam . They were able to get into the trap and eat the food and leave , not setting off the trap door . Nothing wrong with the trap itself , just not the perfect trap for my purpose . The rear door is a great feature . Caught a few cats I should n't have and easy to set them free .
 I got 4 of these and I set 4 traps and I had the racoon in the box within 1 to 2 days . I released him and some little ones down on a nearby farm so this was a great invcestment for me . If I had called trappers out it would have cost anywhere from $ 200 to $ 400 . Im glad that I did not do that because now I am ready for the next time around because I actually own the traps now . So I thank you for that and Safeguard makes a superior product here because most of these are 16 gauge wire very thin and these are 14 gauge some thicker and definitely stronger as not to bend . I buy anything that I can from Amazon and certainly when no shipping charges apply . Thanks again , Amazon and Safeguard.Craig
 We purchased and installed a Coolaroo canopy over our pool in Texas last summer . We love it because it shades us from the hot sun , it is permeable so we do n't have to worry about water collecting on top and we can take it down when we close the pool . Unlike umbrellas and other canopies , once installed it stays in place even when there is a thunderstorm with high winds .
 The cover is perfect and of superior quality to all others I have seen or owned . The hardware that comes is also the best quality Stainless Steal . Definitely a recommend .
 Love these chairs , my husband & I both suffer from bad backs , these chairs are the only patio chairs we can sit in for long periods of time comfortably . I have found that there are a lot for cheaper `` knock-offs '' but the weigh much more , and are not as durable . pay the extra and buy the Lafuma brand if you will be using the chair on a regular basis it worth it .
 Just sit down , lean back and push on the foot rest upward and you will be relieved of all stress . Truly the best lounge chair I have ever had .
 This chair is comfortable , but I definitely not satisfied with the quality . I received it as a gift 5 months ago and have used it occasionally INDOORS ONLY , so no exposure to extreme temperatures or sunlight . One of the elastic cables that support the mesh snapped , leaving me with a useless chair . I am a reasonably large guy at 200 lbs , but give me a break . They have been making chairs for over 50 years and they ca n't figure out how to make a quality elastic cable ? So now I can either drop $ 30 on a replacement cable that will probably break as well or throw a $ 140 chair in the trash!Update
 These are SO comfortable ! I have a bad back and I wish all my furniture felt this good . I want to bring it into the house during the winter ! The only `` bad '' thing I can say is it 's a little bit awkward to get in and out of . I place my feet on either side of the foot rest to sit down or get up . Hubby and I both love them . Great for sitting on the deck enjoying our morning cup of coffee or laying back and watching for falling stars ! The mesh is nice and cool and the padded armrest is comfortable on the arms . Nice and lightweight so it 's easy to move around . I think the weight limit given is on the high side . If you weigh 250 or more I 'd suggest going to the larger size chair .
 This is a great chair . It looks like the standard `` lawn chair '' you 'd see in almost any yard , but there is a lot more to it . For one , it 's `` zero gravity '' and VERY comfortable . This is the thing of chair you could fall asleep in and wake up feeling totally refreshed . It 's the most comfortable yard chair I 've ever owned . Use with aHomedics SBM-300H Therapist Select Shiatsu PLUS Massaging Cushionand you 've got yourself a cheap massage chair.Not only is it comfortable , it has quality construction . This chair will easily last you 10 years . It 's light weight and easy to move , too !
 The perfect chair to place in the shade and relax after a long bike ride ! Easy to find a comfortable position . The mesh keeps you cooler than a other materials . If only it had built in mosquito repellent - that would get the 5 stars !
 Whether working with the laptop , or reclining for an afternoon nap , this chair is comfortable for hours and hours .
 I 'm a big fan of this product . It 's a very comfortable lounge / porch chair . I personally love it for a Manhattan -LRB- i.e. cramped -RRB- apartment because it folks up nicely and can be hidden in a closet . My only issue is that the little collars that `` lock '' it into a particular seating position are a little bit weak . Not huge problem , you just have to make sure you pull them firmly into the locked position and do n't try to lean back and bounce around .
 Glad I made this purchase for Honey . It is much more more comfortable than any other outdoor recliner I -LRB- we -RRB- have tried.I was glad to see other reviews about the rusty water dripping out of the frame after out in the rain so I am aware not to leave it outside.I ordered through Amazon because of the bonus free shipping.SNOOZY
 In a world awash with poorly designed products , the Lafuma RSX Recliner is a shining beacon of human ingenuity .
 My LaFuma RSX Lounger arrived today and I 'm very impressed ; it 's much more comfortable than I imagined . I 'm over age 60 , and pretty particular about what I purchase . This lounger provides great support for neck , lower back and legs .
 If you are looking for a great chair to relax and read a good book or even to nap in ... buy this chair!It is very comfortable.I used mine all last summer and ca n't wait to use it this year !
 I have 2 of these chairs -LRB- although I did not buy them from Amazon -RRB- . Theres good news and bad news . The good news is that they are super comfortable . I have back issues so the gravity free feels great , but it feels good to anyone , and you dont have to fidget with with bars on other chairs - You just lean back and it goes and you can lock it . The issue is that the chairs must not be left out a long time - especially if they will get wet/be in rain . In fact the manufacturer recommends bringing it inside after every use - which most people arent going to do if theyre using this as a backyard or pool chair . -LRB- And I assume thats how most use it since it doesnt really seem like the living room type -RRB- . If it starts getting wet , over time -LRB- or if you have a weeks rain at once -RRB- the cords will start disintegrating and eventually fall a part . Hopefully you will not be on the chair when it falls apart because you can get seriously hurt when you crash to the floor . So I would suggest contacting the manufacturer and getting some extra cords to have on hand if and when you encounter this . IT should last a lot longer if you remember not to have it outside in rain . Ours were under a patio which I thought would be ok but a little water would fall on them when itwould rain and over time , they would fall apart and we 've had to replace the cords twice already on both chairs .
 Excellent French quality , light , durable , enjoyment for everyone . Do not buy a cheap stuff , this will last years and still be great .
 I got a gift La Fuma Folding Chair with nice soft armrests , aluminum frame and NOT RUSTING SCREWS.It was the best chair ! After 6 years of an outdoor service the robber ropes got worn out and with a pain in my heart , I had to give on my chair . Since then I was bying different chairs - every one was leaking RUST ... I wonder why producers put such cheap screws on a good product , does it worth?I am longing to my old La Fuma.It is there a possibility to get one old-fashioned no rust bleeding LaFuma?Does somebody know where I can get One?SincerelyDanute
 I bought my first Lafuma in 2006 . It is the least expensive zero gravity recliner . I have a number of back issues and this is the best for comfort and function . It has traveled with me folded in my trunk numerous times . I really like the airy mesh seating . My apartment is small so it is great I can fold it up when not in use . It is light enough for me to move . I have seen a &#34; made in china knock-off &#34; that was cheaper but the quality of construction was so inferior . Replacement laces are easy to purchase on line . This is the first year it has shown any wear in the mesh . Most of the frame is in tip top shape so I paln to get some replacement hinges and still keep my older chair along with this new one . Without this chair I would have to be in my hospital bed most of the time . I use it inside 99 % of the time so I am sure this has contributed to its longevity . This is the best purchase I have ever made . Try one .
 I love the recliner , it is good value for money and it arrived super quickly -LRB- I am based in Cape Town , South Africa ! -RRB- It has some improved design features from the older ones that I had back in Y2000
 I bought a couple of these chairs about 8 years ago . Finally , the seat straps are starting to break . I am going to buy 2 new ones !!
 Great chair . Once you get in it you never want to get out . Had to buy one for my hubby too because he would n't get out of mine . We are taking them on vacation with us too . Worth every penny .
 It is a nice chair but very light and it arrived with a couple of scratches . We kept it since we did not want to have to send it back and pay high shipping costs .
 YES Beach , we take our chairs to the beach ... we love to sit for hours on the beach but the chairs were always so uncomfortable . We take the umbrella chairs , cooler and off we go . !! great way to save your back .
 These are the best chairs . Excellent quality with comfortable seating . These do not have a bar underneath the back of your legs that many less expensive chairs have . Worth the price !
 The design of the zero gravity chair is excellent ! It places you semi horizontally , so no more pressure on lower back vertebrae.LaFuma who makes this chair amongst other manufacturers , is a French Company , making high end camping furniture . Their products are good , last many years , but customer service deserves a minus 5 ! I initially bought the La Fuma Zero Gravity Chair similar to this , in Tutti-Frutti colors and cotton cloth . Loved it ! But one elastic broke shortly after use . I am female , 5 ' 7 '' , weigh 120 lbs . How was this possible ? I only use it for 3 hrs each evening.I called Amazon , it was still under warranty . They did not help.I wrote several emails to La Fuma in France and begged them to give me another elastic band . Not even a response back . Not one response . Nada . Zero . Blank . Silence.For a year !!! I finally got into my bullish mode and called Amazon . Threatened to shut them down if I did not get my elastic band for the first chair . I buy a lot on Amazon , write reviews - mostly 5 star ones , and I 'm a fair and decent human being . I deserved another elastic band.Amazon regretted the incident greatly , and gave me a deal on a new chair replacement - this one . I was very happy with their problem resolution . After using this chair a month or so now , I can say that it works very well , but the elastic seems to get a bit loose with time . Best to get some replacement bands for the chair.The chair tilts back from normal sitting position , and you are now supine . This is like floating on water , no more compression on lower back . You can eat , work on laptop , watch a movie from this position.Chair works for outdoors , is suitably low key for indoors , ruggedly built , has comfy foam arm pads , folds flat for transport or storage , has a headrest you can move down for back too . It squeaks a bit - ca n't be helped , so use some dry silicone powder or wD-40 spray occasionally . La Fuma as a company sucks ! They will get a earful at some point from me about their customer service . However , this chair is worth getting as it will alleviate back pain effectively and is a nice camping chair too!A big thank you to Amazon for being so very nice about replacement !!!
 Well , the first one is seven or eight times the price , and does n't fold up , does n't move easily . and would be horrible outdoors.Some of the inexpensive knockoffs have been much less comfortable . -LRB- four stars not because there 's one better but because I liked the older ones a bit better , with plain fabrivc -- not mesh , not padded , and it still lasted outdoors for ten years -RRB-
 The LaFuma zero gravity chair was delivered . The shipping company -LRB- ca n't remember which carrier -RRB- left the large box in the middle of the driveway by the gate , instead of bringing it in to the house , blocking access to my house . One visitor was not able to get through as she was not strong enough to move the box . It rained . I managed to kick , drag the box out of the driveway but not into shelter . It remained in the rain all night . I also noticed that the box was damaged at one end . It stayed in the rain for 24 hours or so until someone strong enough to bring it in . We unpacked it , and the chair did not seem to be damaged , so I am not returning it . It is very stiff , however , compared to my old Travel chair . Does anyone know if it can be adjusted ? The locks are off . I have a bad back . Getting out of the zero gravity position actually stresses out my low back as I have to lunge forward with too much force . Hope it loosens up with use . Other wise it is good .
 I , too have had a bit of experience using the Powermate . Have carried it in my truck for several years now -- it has an intermitent short which will randomly drain an older battery to nothing . Several times I have gotten to the truck , only to hear a dreaded `` click '' and nothing else . The Powermate will not `` jump '' the truck directly , though I have had success putting the charger on the battery and leaving it for 10-15 minutes , then starting the truck . There would probably reach a point where a shorted -- and not just drained -- battery would leave me stranded . -LRB- At which point the battery would not let you jump it anyway , without disconnecting it entirely , and running straight off the alternator . -RRB- Also , compressor is not overly quick , but it gets the job done . I used it successfully to re-inflate an almost flat truck tire , but once again , it took about 20 minutes . This is not a `` miracle '' device , but it works pretty well overall . I am putting them in all of our vehicles , now .
 I bought a fifth wheel toyhauler a year ago . It came with a really cheap Chinese version of this , which did n't work at all . The dealer replaced it with one of these Coleman units . I charged it , but never used it until yesterday . I was told it was meant for jumpstarting ATVs and motorcycles , so I can understand it not working well on a larger vehicle.But yesterday , my little Honda Prelude would n't start , and I thought I would give this thing a try . Sure enough , it worked ... BARELY . It worked again this morning too . I think I 'm due for a new battery and alternator in the car , so that 's my next move . Meanwhile , this little thing will definitely be kept handy from now on .
 where can i find a fuse for the power cord , i like the powermate however i am having trouble locating the correct size fuse to fit the power cord.thank you for any info .
 I have n't used the product yet , but just wanted to share that it arrives in a box with a picture of the item on the outside . Not ideal as I had bought it for my fiance and he beat me home ... So if you are ordering this for someone that you live with , beware !
 This bag holds enough for two people to have a proper picnic . The plates and silverware are nice for what they are . But if you have anything to cut . you better bring your own knife . The one that it comes with works but is kinda dull .
 This is a nice picnic basket . It comes with everything you could need besides food , drink , and a picnic blanket for a nice picnic . I used this for a picnic in Central Park with my fianc&eacute;e and it was lovely ! The dinnerware is n't of the highest quality , but for that , I would 've had to pay a lot more . Happy with this set !
 I bought this as a gift for my parents for their anniversary and they absolutely loved it ! They raved about the great quality of the tote and all the interior products , love the color and the size of the pockets was perfect for their needs . They frequently meet with friends for outdoor wine and cheese gatherings so this was perfect . Would highly recommend .
 I am very pleased with this cooler/picnic tote . I bought it for a wedding present for a couple who love the outdoors . Delivery was prompt and the quality of the product is great.As always , I am more than happy with my total transaction with Amazon
 This is perfect for traveling ! Highly recommended . Held everything I needed for a weekend getaway of snacks and drinks . Nicely priced too .
 Terrific gift . Loads of details to it . Includes everything needed for a great picnic . I gave a bottle of wine to go with it . People absolutely loved getting this .
 I bought two of these in blue and green . I thought I would like the green best , but I have to say love the blue one too . They are lightweight coolers with plenty of space for wine and food/snacks . The quality of the bag is really good and made well . The quality of the dishes are not first class ceramic , more like nicer summer -LRB- plastic -RRB- plates/glasses . The napkins have nice prints and the utensils are decent metal utensils . Overall a nice product to use a couple a times a year . These are gifts , but I think I 'm buying one for me !
 I ca n't believe what all you can fit into this bag ! Very well thought out and top quality ... worth every penny ! I did change out the plates and napkins as I wanted something a little more feminine and romantic ... the ones that came with it were blue stripes and not very pretty but that 's just my preference . I was able to fit several food containers , a candle and a small fondue pot in addition to the items already provided . BUY IT NOW if you are looking for a great picnic `` basket '' .
 I bought this as a wedding shower gift for my cousins , and it was exactly what I was expecting !! I wanted a basket they could take out into Boston without it being a big project on the T. I also wanted something a bit `` manly '' for my new cousin-to-be , so that he would n't feel like such a dork while riding the T with it tucked under his arm . They both absolutely LOVED it , and ca n't wait to use it . They 've already tried their wine bottles in the pockets , and they fit perfectly !!!! Everyone at the shower was very impressed , and I was asked by several as to where I bought it . They all wanted to get one too ! I 'm not quite sure why the burgundy basket is cheaper than the green , blue and black ones ... I could n't see spending more for a certain color when the burgundy is so nice ... it just did n't make much sense . If I had room to store this in my small condo , I would certainly buy another one for myself ! I may start using it as a gift for most wedding showers , it was so popular and fantastic !
 Great find , great price , great style . I wanted a complete picnic basket but not something that looked feminine and frilly . This case has everything you would need but in a style that any man would feel comfortable in carrying with you anywhere .
 We were very impressed with the quality of the picnic basket . It seemed to be well stocked . It will not allow you to carry a very large amount of food , but definitely enough for two .
 The product I recieved looked exactly like what I ordered online . It is great ! I have n't actually had the chance to use it yet , so as far as keeping food cold and for how long , I can not attest . However , it 's plenty spacious for a bunch of grapes , a couple sandwiches or bread and a block of cheese . You would n't really be able to go all out with a big meal as I estimate the interior is about 4 '' wide X 10 '' across X 10 '' deep . Perfectly fine for an outdoors concert or 2-person picnic . I really like the seperate pockets for wine/other beverage - clever . I feel like I really got a great deal as it was on sale for $ 50 when purchased .
 Oddly enough the wine compartment can not be zipped closed due to the height of a standard wine bottle . The wine compartment is simply too short . You 'll need to find a shorter bottle or remove the compartment velcro divider and insert the bottle at an angle .
 I purchased this as an engagement gift for my daughter and her fiance . I asked her for her thoughts on it and this was her reply
 Was looking at other picnic baskets online to order for my fiancee . I was hoping to get the standard wicker basket type , but could not find a decent one that was reasonably priced . Although this one is a little bit small as far as food storage goes , there is definitely enough room for food for two . The wine compartments are nice , as are the plates , silverware , and glasses . It is convenient , keeps the food/wine at a good temperature , and is easy to clean . Although it is not as `` cute '' as the wicker baskets , it is definitely more practical . I am pleased with the quality of the product , and the package arrived within a reasonable period of time . I wish it was a little bigger , but for the price , it is an excellent value .
 I live in Southern Illinois , within one hour of my home I can travel to approx 25 wineries . So the wife and I get in the convertable during the nice weather and go visit a winery . Some have entertainment , some do n't . But we purchase of bottle of their wine have our lunch and relax.With this bag we take cheeses , crackers , meats , spreads , fruits , another bottle of wine and we enjoy our selves . This bag is perfect for two people with all the necessary accoutramonts . Throw an ice black in the insulated , waterproof pouch and you are all set.The only thing that does not come with this bag is a salt & pepper shaker , but that is cheap & easy to rectify.I highly reccomend this bag !
 We bought this picnic kit as a gift for our parents . It turned out exactly like we hoped , and our parents loved it . The only complaint I have is that the plates that came in the bag were not the ones shown in the picture . They were the plates with the grapes , which we liked less than the ones pictured . Otherwise , the bag was a wonderful gift for people who enjoy picnicking and attending outdoor activities at wineries .
 I used it to take a picnic with friends . It has everything you need ... from utensils to napkins . It also has enough space for sandwiches and bottles of wine . : - -RRB-
 My husband and I were so impressed with the quality of these picnic baskets ! Solid built with sturdy heavy-duty straps . The bottle holders are very creative with the opening for the bottle necks . We gave three of these as wedding gifts and they are well-used . Great product and nice touch with the accessories !
 I really like to be outdoors
 The kit comes with all the essentials for a nice , romantic picnic . But one piece that 's missing is better insulation , or a cold-pac to add to the storage container . I did n't think to order one when I bought the bag , and some of my items warmed up a bit faster than I wanted them to . Beyond that , a good purchase .
 I bought this item because I was going to a wine festival and new I would buy at least two bottles of wine . It worked out great . After putting the bottles in , the bag becomes extremely heavy . I had a few bottles of water , grapes , cheese and three sandwiches . It would 've been nice to have wheels on it or a bit light -LRB- but sturdy -RRB- material . I saw my bag in another color at a couple that was near where I was sitting . They were a bit smarter , they had a carrier that looked like a foldable wagon to carry their bag , table and chairs . : -RRB-
 I purchased this as a bridal shower gift for my figure daughter-in-law . I did not want to give housewares -LRB- registry gifts -RRB- and wanted to be sensitive to space limitations in their Manhattan apartment . She loved this gift -LRB- and the 2 go with bottles of wine -RRB- ! She felt it was unique and would be frequently used for their `` couples time '' . The picture is accurate as to what is included . This is a smart looking tote easily at home in an urban or country setting !
 The main features that prompted me to purchase this product were the insulated section for fresh food and the ease of transporting the carrier from my car to the concert grounds -LRB- a grassy incline -RRB- . Both expectations were met , and I was very satisfied . The items that were not satisfactory were the napkins . I had to replace them with higher - quality napkins .
 My niece and her fiancee flipped for this set . They travel frequently and ca n't wait to use it !! Very well made and the burgundy was a pretty color ! Much better choice than a wicker picnic basket . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B00015CN1S Picnic Time Malibu Insulated Shoulder Pack with Deluxe Picnic Service for 2 , Navy Blue -RSB-
 I purchased the Picnic Time Malibu Should Pack for my daughter-in-law for her birthday . They had moved from the midwest to the coast and I thought that it would be a good beach item . She was very happy with the product and took it out for a picnic the first week she had it .
 This product is a very nice setup for two people to picnic out with . Handy , but does n't hold a lot -LRB- which is good because it prevents you from taking a bunch of stuff you do n't need anyway -RRB- . The utensils are nice , but if you lost one , you would n't fret over it and the food storage area is insulated . Load it up and go out and have fun !
 Love this picnic cooler . Great for 2 . Room for 2 tall bottles that can stick up through the top . The plates , flatware and acrylic wine glasses fit perfectly and the wooden cutting board is great . Enough room for pre-made sandwiches , fruit , ice pack in the cooler section . We use it in conjunction with a wooden picnic basket which holds the items not needing cold storage . Very pleased !
 I gave this as a gift to my sister and brother in law . They told me they really liked it , and raved about what a unique gift idea it was !
 I decided a long time ago that Picnic baskets are the Wedding present of choice for me . This one meets all the needs for food on the go . Really cute for two and room for food .
 This is definitely not your traditional wicker basket , but that 's not a bad thing at all . We had such a basket once -LRB- it was a great gift -RRB- , but it was damaged in our flooded basement , which necessitated a replacement . This one seemed appealing because of the durable material , compartments for
 I got this as a wedding shower gift and we love it ! It 's perfect for picnics on the beach . It holds two bottles of wine and a lot of food , is insulated , and comes with all the utensils you need to have a great meal . It is the idea size for two people . I 'm going to buy one for every couple I need a gift for !
 This insulated picnic pack is great looking . I bought it as a present , and everyone was quite impressed with the clever use of space .
 This is the perfect all inclusive wine/or whatever beverage picnic basket . The shipping was fast and the product and all contents were great . I would recommend this product if you have a waverunner or small boat and would like to take food/drinks somewhere .
 We asked for this for our wedding , and were so happy to receive it . I was a bit unsure how much it would really be able to hold as it is very compact and the space for food seemed on the small side . Let 's just say , it 's ready for two people , but it fits food for 6 + . I put extra plates , napkins and silverware , a pound and a half of lunch meats , 4 cheeses , a box of crackers , a loaf of bread , 3 apples and pepperoni in it and could have fit more . The things that come with it are perfect , and it was very easy to carry , even when fully loaded . I highly recommend this if you are someone who eats outside often .
 This works perfect for day picnics . It is easy to transport and has good space for your entire picnic !
 I purchased this bag to use at outdoor concerts . I particularly wanted a shoulder bag rather than a backpack . This bag will hold 2 bottles of wine or can be used to hold beer or soda instead . Plenty of room for food . This one is for 2 people -LRB- great for me -RRB- but I wish they made one for 4 people so I could gift it to others .
 My niece said it was exactly what she needed for going on picnics and contributing to outdoor family affairs .
 This is a great couples basket . I got this for a gift but enjoyed it first hand a few times . This makes picnics for two very convenient , with a good amount of storage.Pros
 We use this bag for all of our winery events . It will hold more than enough food for four people . Keeps everything at a safe temp .
 I bought the Sunbeam Ultrasonic because we suddenly had an army of ants invade our kitchen . Nothing seemed to work . Like a miracle , the ants totally disappeared once the Sunbeam Ultrasonic was in use.An unexpected added bonus
 The reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is that if your plug-in is blocked by something , it will only repell bugs that are behind that thing . It was hard to use indoors because furniture would block the ultrasonic waves . However last spring I decided to plug them in , one on each porch . That was a year and a half ago , and we never see any bugs on either of our porches -LRB- it does not repell mosquitos , though -RRB- . Our neighborhood unfortunetly has a bit of a roach problem , we will see them in the evening when it cools off around the house , but they never come up onto the porches . When we first moved here three years ago in the summer we would find the occasional roach in our mudroom , yuk , but since we plugged these in on our porch none have managed to get into the house ! It 's great . I even left them plugged in during the cold , snowy winter months . I worried a little that it would ruin them , but they worked just as well this summer as last . I 'm thinking about trying the Ridddex power plus indoors , because it supposably sends the waves through your walls , so furniture could n't block them . I do n't know if Sunbeam makes anything like that or I would probably go with my tried-and-true brand . Hope you find this helpful !
 I am satisfied with the product , not as it is going to work because it is a gift , but it seems very good to me
 the product worked GREAT until a rain storm when the ` starter bulb ' -LRB- fuse -RRB- burned out !! now FLOWTRON will not HONOR their TWO YEAR `` Limited '' Warranty . the unit is just two months old . had to purchase a new starter bulb @ $ 2.32 plus $ 8.95 shipping . the unit is not wired together safely - they just use tape not wire nut or other approved electrical code or common sense to connect the electrical connections - just fiber glass reenforced tape , not electrical tape !!!! just repurchase their products & not to worry about their TWO YEAR WARRANTY !!!!!
 I ordered it . I paid for it . You shipped it . I got it . End of story .
 -LRB- PS 2010 -- there is now a better attractant that attracts more kinds of mosquito . So this product is perhaps obsolete . -RRB- Can be placed in any type of mosquito killer or catcher . Just place anywhere that the air flows around it . This is the best buy with Amazon free shipping . -LRB- Other suppliers will charge shipping for each small package . It adds up . -RRB- This may be smaller than your original cartridges . However , no matter how big a cartridge is , it can not last much longer . It is better to buy the cheapest cartridge and replace it more often . And Flowtron is a name brand , not some unknown manufacturer.I keep 2 of these cartridges in each mosquito trap , as follows . Twice a month , the oldest cartridge is thrown out , the other is moved to the back , and a new one is placed in the front . In my experience , Octenol may be more significant for catching the mosquitos than CO2 , LED lights , UV lights , etc.NOTE
 The Flowtron lamp does n't work at all to get rid of the mosquitoes without these cartridges.They 're great!Just make sure that you paste it so that the holes on the cartridge are exposed because my boyfriend did it the other way around and could n't figure out why it did n't work until I got a closer look at it !
 We bought this mosquito trap which used these octenol cartridges -LRB- mosquito attractant -RRB- . I was constantly amazed at how effective the trap is . I was cleaning the machine twice a week so that it did not get too plugged.We enjoyed a summer on our deck without mosquitoes.I did follow the trap placement recommendations in the directions , which I am sure is crucial.Anyway
 We live on 1/2 acre w/2 pools behind our house , so I purched the Flowtron Octenol Mosquito Attractant Cartridges for the Flowtron 80-Watt . This unit has performed wonderfully ! Our family was tired of spraying w/a mosquito repellent just to go outside even for a brief moment w/out being swarmed by mosquitos so this was just what we needed . Best purchase for some relief . Higly Remommended !!
 This product works very well and for me , a person who has the consummate `` come hither '' scent to mosquito 's , to say that is profound ... buy it , use it , it works .
 I have only used two of these as of this date but I have found mosquitos attached to both of them so it appears to work .
 I placed the cartridge in side the fan area of machine . You have to be careful not To expose the cartridge to Pets Or small children . If your Mosquito trap works , and you need a little boost this may help .
 I got this to attract bugs and they do . This with my zapper all i hear all night is zap zap zap . Cant sleep because it works so damn well .
 it was nice to have a couple of extra cartridges around so when they need replacement they are right at hand
 works well , but would be nice if it lasted longer . I suggest buying two packages at a time due to the short life .
 I used this with my Flowtron 80 and had great results . It works . They last more than a month and my mosquito problem is solved .
 I live in the country , and we have a big mosquito problem this year . I 'm used to hearing a `` zap '' from the bug zapper now and then in the evening , but it seems to attract mostly moths and beetles . I added one of these mosquito attractant packs today . I have to say I really was n't expecting much . Right now , there is an almost constant sizzling sound from the zapper and there is a swarm of mosquitoes around it . I really ca n't believe how effective this little cartridge is ! It 's kind of enjoyable to sit and watch the light show as the little bloodsuckers get zapped ...
 Flowtron MA-1000-6 Octenol Mosquito Attractant Cartridges -LRB- 6-Pack -RRB- I was very skeptical that this product would work . But it did . I will be sure to put myFlowtron Model BK-40D Electronic Insect Killer -LRB- One Acre Coverage -RRB- out withFlowtron MA-1000-6 Octenol Mosquito Attractant Cartridges -LRB- 6-Pack -RRB- the first thing next spring to get a jump on those pesty critters . I would recomend these products to anyone .
 Excellent product ... needed refills for my Nosquito zapper
 This product really helps keep the Mosquito 's down on my property . I have 3 horses and 4 kids and the mosquito 's were a real problem for us . We use 2 cartridges at a time and make sure we change them regularly - but I notice a significant difference in the bugs . Great buy ! Worth the money , better than an ER visit with a kid that 's allergic to Mosquito bites !
 Buying these in a 6 pack from amazon is significantly less expensive than the alternative of 1 at a time . I can find them that way at the big box retailers or hardware stores for about 10.00 a hit . However it pisses me off that something the size of a stick of gum can cost 6.00 each . Now if they are squeezing the juice from insects I 'm OK with it .
 Good quantity at a good price . I use two Flowtron PowerTraps . I certainly catch a lot of mosquitoes .
 I do n't know if these things work or not , but I 've chosen to use them since the bug zapper 's directions call for them to be used . If you 're going to buy any at all , then these are affordable .
 I bought this as a gift for my husband 's grandfather who loves Studebakers -LRB- owns them , hosts Studebaker parties , etc. -RRB- It was a little more than I was planning to spend but it was worth it . Great quality , fast shipping , and I am just overall satisfied with this seller and product .
 Anyone with a Studebaker should have one of these . I gave one to my son , and he nailed it up shortly after he opened the package ! Good quality workmanship , too .
 This fence came fast , and was exactly what I was looking for . I would order again from this company
 Why did I choose this to begin with ? I looked at `` stainless '' grills and to get a true , well built unit really required $ 1000 or so . I am not into grilling enough to justify that . I was looking in the sub $ 300 range and frankly most of them were sheet metal made in China with cheap burners and cooking grates . This unit has a 5 yr burner warranty , heavy cast iron cooking grates and a thicker solid aluminum cooking chamber . I will trade off this for a cheap `` pretty stainless '' grill anytime . This is how they were all made 30 yrs ago . I also liked the tall hood for doing rotisserie chicken . At $ 200 - $ 250 this is a BARGAIN and the best built grill you can get for the money.Assembly - Disclaimer
 Read lots of reviews on what was available at Home Depot and Lowes . I only wanted to spend a couple hundred dollars and the `` Stainless '' BBQs in that dollar range all were problematic . This old school BBQ works great , both high and low heat.The parts went together pretty well . I did add a few lock washers . I did n't like the thumb screws for the lid handle , so I used a couple stainless steel hex screws and washers instead .
 Awesome grill for the price . Great quality . Tray was cracked during shipping and the company sent out a replacement immediately without a hassle . Cooks evenly , excellent heavy duty grill grates , and the aluminum cast grill body wo n't rust . I picked up some locking washers which will help keep everything tight after assembly . Assembly was easier that I expected .
 No complaints here ! Ours arrived with the assembly manual and no scratches!Assembly took about 45 minutes without any major show-stoppers . The only thing I would have wished for were lock washers included in the package . The grill is very basic , only two main burners and no side burner but it is made out of excellent quality components usually found only on much more expensive grills . It heats up fast -LRB- app . 5 minutes -RRB- and cooks evenly . We use it at least two to three times a week and everything we have cooked on it so far has come out perfectly . I almost bought a -LRB- fancier -RRB- BBQ from one of the large chain home improvement stores but after more extensive research I decided on this unit instead . Deducted 1 Star for not including lock washers and the no-frills design .
 what can one say ? sprinkle it on your lawn and the slugs will come . YOu can purchase a case of beer , and they will come also , party and get drunk -- up to you how you want to handle the slug problem . THis stuff gets the job done !
 Just sprinkle it around and the snails disappear . Have to reapply about twice during the season .
 It is animal safe and provides better control when spreading than the Corry 's that blows in your mouth and eyes and clumps on the plants.It is long lasting and a over-all great product . I can not find it in Lowes or Home Depot anymore or ???
 This is a serious grill that is well designed and built to last . Its 200 pound weight gives it a solid feel and MOST of the components are heavy gauge stainless steel . A major exception to this are the cooking grates , which are a very lightweight stainless steel `` hollow shell '' type of design . They are very flimsy and are n't well suited for a grill of this caliber . To get the welded solid rod design , you 'll need to step up to the Platinum Summit , which runs $ 200 more . I would have rated this grill 5 stars out of 5 if it had a better cooking grate . As far as cooking performance , the 4 burner control is awesome for direct and indirect cooking . Assembly of the grill was also surprisingly easy . Taking my time , it took about 90 minutes to unpack it , read the directions , and completely assemble it . Also , despite the Amazon.com review , it does not come with a propane tank so you 'll need your own . Lastly , you can not lite all 4 burners sequentially with the single touch of a button . You can lite one set of burners with each touch of the igniter button -LRB- this grill has two sets of burners -RRB- .
 First , I have the platinum version rather than this gold one . Comparing between these twos , the platinum has stainless steel frame and SOLID stainless steel cooking grid . The rest are the same . Typically , the platinum costs about $ 200 more than the gold one.The box came with pieces that mostly already assembled . Took me about 1 hour to finish putting the pieces together . This is much better than my old grill that I bought more than 10 years ago ; it took me a whole day to assemble that one.The grill heats to 500F in about 10 minutes . The good thing about 4 burners is that you can do indirect cooking ; for me this capability is the most important about a grill.There is one minor point
 This is the best grill I have ever owned by far . After re-building several Char-Broil units , and using a Weber on Vacation , the decision to buy the BEST was easy . The construction and quality is wonderful . The temp control and even cooking is amazing . No more hot/cold spots due to un-even temp . I see why this product has such owner loyality . This unit will last for a long time , but if I ever need to go shopping for another grill ; Weber will be my firts choice .
 I bought this grill about a year ago . While researching grills , some of the reviews said that it did not heat up quickly . That is totally wrong - it gets hot in a hurry . I love the four burner design which allows me to do indirect cooking . I often cook `` beer can '' chicken and the high hood and ability to turn off one side of the burners really works well . The electronic ignition works great every time and the fold up side tables are nice . The quality is generally excellent although I agree that a heavier cooking grate should have been standard . I bought the custom cover and it fits great and is very heavy duty . We grill year round and were looking for something that would last . I believe I 'll still be using this grill 10 years from now .
 I managed to get the grill from a local store . I did try to order through Amazon initially since they offered free shipping . What a mistake ! They do n't commit accurate ship dates . They keep the order `` in the shipping process '' forever . Wo n't let you cancel it . Tell you to refuse delivery when it arrives . It 's been a nightmare . Amazon should stick to selling books ...
 My experience was different from another reviewer . Although the grill stayed `` in shipping process '' for several days , once shipped -LRB- by truck -RRB- it arrived within the time frame originally stated . The grill was relatively easy to assemble , and works very well .
 Submarine items are HARD TO FIND ! So when they do come along you must snap them up . This sign slides into that must have catagory . Simple details , with quality workmanship . Seller was super quick with shipping it out and providing padding protection for a safe arrival .
 I love this sign and it looks great when you pull into the driveway . We had lots of people zooming up the drive , but now they slow down , as they should .
 I ordered this for my sister who owns a cottage and has very lazy animals that like to sleep in the road . I have always worried that one of them would eventually get run over so I gave her this sign as a gift . She loved it and wants me to order her more of them ! One more for the cottage property and 2 for her home
 This sign looks official . The small amount of traffic we get is responding as we hoped they would . It helps to get a good post . Signs on trees do n't carry as much weight and it 's illegal to use telephone poles .
 The sign is well constructed . Placed at the end of a long driveway in the hope that those entering will take heed .
 The picture of product was spot on , very happy with the results , arrived ahead of time and packaged nicely.am very pleased .
 I was very happy with the quality of this product . It was larger than I expected , but that was probably because I did n't notice the dimensions . I am happy with the size though ; it will show up better . It seems to be a well-made , solid and sturdy metal sign . It arrived quickly and was packaged well .
 We were having trouble with some neighbors driving too fast by our house and kicking up gravel which put a hole in our vinyl siding , dented our carport , dented our truck , and broke a windshield on our car . This is exactly what we were hoping to find as we also have pets and were concerned for their safety . You should see how carefully the neighbors drive by now !!
 I 've had mine for three years with no problems other than a cracked thermostat -LRB- from the winter cold -RRB- a quick phone call to weber and I had a replacement no charge in 2 days - great unit ; great service and its made in the USA . Leave that other high priced junk in China where it came from !
 I bought this grill from Amazon and in short everything worked right out of the box . I bought the grill so that I could sear steaks , grill for a party and cook BBQ low and slow all in one grill . I have had nothing but success , great grill marks and I am able to maintain a 230-250 degree temperature for BBQ -LRB- with smoker box for great flavor -RRB- . The six burners plus the smoker burner and wide cooking surface allow me to tailor the temperature perfectly . The setup instructions were clear and I was able to assemle it myself . I am very pleased with my purchase of the Summit Gold D6 and knowing Weber will be around for as long as I will own this grill as also very reassuring .
 The only criticism below seems way over the top . It 's for a natural gas weber and this is the web page for a propane one . What 's that all about?I 've had 2 Weber Gas Grills that , combined , have lasted over 20 years . They 're wonderful and the support is first rate.I 'm also trying to figure why someone would hire a plumber who lives an hour 's drive away ?
 Shipped and received with no problems . In fact it came early . Spent a short afternoon putting it together -LRB- 2 hours in no hurry -RRB- , assembly was easy , written directions could be better , pictures helped a lot . Lit for the first time , temp got to 500 plus with no problems . Tested all burners including rotiserie and smoker box , all worked perfect.Cooked my first pork roast indirect heat med 350-400 degrees . Also did green peppers mushroom and onions using direct heat per cooking instructions provided . All food turned out perfect . What flavor !!! Will try cooking a couple of chickens next weekend , am positive it will turn out great tasting too.I see now why people pay much more for a better BBQ . The cooking power , heat control and quality in this cookbox is well worth it . Like night and day from cheaper bbqs.I know I will use this product quite a bit so I went out and bought two extra propane tanks so I do not run out of fuel . I assume with my weekend cooking I will go through a tank of propane a month is my guess.I am extremely happy with my Weber Gold Series . I love the stainless steel cooking grates as well as the flavorizer bars on the bottom which are also stainless steel . And yes I got the match stick holder which attaches to the door with a chain . Cleaning is much easier then some of those other bbqs.I highly recommend this product to anyone who loves to bbq and try various ways of cooking using direct and indirect heat . If you love bbqing you will love this Weber Summit Gold D6 Propane Gas Grill .
 I ordered this sign for one of my daughters as a gift . She 's an RN , takes a lot of pride in what she does and loves her job . I thought the logo and syringe made it unique . The sign is a lot nicer and heavier gaged than what I thought it would be for the money , actually it 's beautiful ! It was an excellent choice , my daughter just loves it . Only 1 problem though , I have 2 other daughters in nursing school so when they visit their sister which nurse gets the parking spot ? Guess I 'll have to order a couple more .
 I still have a 15 year old Weber Genesis that works fine but I wanted something bigger . Sticking with the reliable Weber name I bought the Summit Gold A6 . This grill is big . 902 sq. inches of cooking area is huge compared to the Genesis . This model does n't have a rear-mounted infrared rotisserie burner or a side burner but who uses them anyway . The grill looks impressive , it 's easy to clean , and I love having the controls in the front . Six burners really let you control the heat where you want it . Six burners also heats up fast and hot , 650 + degrees . If you have a permanent place for it I would get a natural gas model . If you are like me and move it around , get a LP model . Six burners does suck up some gas but its worth it .
 This is a nice piece of equipment . Works very well , although if you have n't BBQ 'd , or are coming from a two or three burner grill , this grill can be a bit overwhelming . With six burners , you have to have patience to figure out haw many to put on and how high . One little item that I notice is that it can sometimes be hard to tell whether the burners lit . There is not much visibility through the grates and the flavorizer bars to actually see the bruners . All in all , it is a solid unit .
 Leaving a review for a Superman Parking Only sign might qualify me as a geek and I am sure is a bit strange as what is there to write about ? Nobody has reviewed this product yet , so why not ... I bought it for my Ranch Manager as he believes he is Superman and tells me so every time he wants a raise . So might as well let him live his fantasy ... The sign arrived as advertized . Quality of the sign is good . Size matches description.If you think you are Superman then this is the sign for you !
 This is great !! It 's a lot larger than I thought it was going to be which is even better . You are able to see it -LRB- plain as day -RRB- from 75 feet away .
 I bought this as a gift for my mother and she loves it . With that said I am happy with this product .
 Red Raider Gnome Man silently yells at people who come to your door
 This little guy is n't too tall , but he speaks volumes -LRB- in a not obnxious way -RRB- . I put him at the entrance of my house , so everyone who visits me knows without a doubt what school I went to , but he 's not all in their face . I think it 's a cute and unique gift for any alumni .
 A wonderful addition to our rock garden . Matches others in style , size and theme . This one was difficult to find elsewhere .
 This little Red Raider even made it through Hurricane Ike ! It is a great way to support your school ! I love it !
 Gave it to BIL for his b-day , He absolutely loved it . He now send pics of the gnome hiding in various spots in his garden ! GREAT value !
 I cant find these in my local hardware stores , use these ties for everything , great price and was delivered in no time .
 This product is getting hard to locate , and I was surprised that Amazon had the resources to find it ! I used the Concentrate spray twice , and have been free of the stink bugs since .
 Works well for my winter `` under the lights '' garden and seed starting efforts . Excellent product for greenhouse and outdoor garden projects .
 Living in Northern Illinois we have problems with lots of insects during the summer months , -LRB- specifically ants and earwigs -RRB- . My husband and I do not have children or pets and together we keep a very clean house . When I first started noticing ants , earwigs , spiders , etc , I tried products from local hardware and home improvement stores and noticed minimal results . Then I went to a costly , professional pest control service and noticed slightly better results , however I still had bugs in my house on a regular basis . I decided to research other pest control methods and stumbled across diatomaceous earth and how it controls pests organically . I read about the positive results people had experienced using it for pest control and how the bugs ca n't develop a resistance to it . My understanding about the way it works is when the bug gets the powder on itself , the powder actually scrapes the bugs and they end up dying from dehydration . -LRB- Similar to a human walking through glass . -RRB- -LRB- I know it 's kind of gross ... -RRB- Anyway , I decided to give it a try and am very happy that I did . Practically overnight my husband and I stopped seeing earwigs and other bugs in the house . We were simply amazed with the quick results and , since this is organic , we were very happy that we were no longer being exposed to chemicals . I have a few potted plants outside and was so frustrated that they were dying despite regular watering , sunlight and use of a top-grade fertilizer . One night I noticed an earwig crawling around the rim of the pot and wondered if they were the cause for my plants doing so poorly . I decided to put some diatomaceous earth around the top of the pots , -LRB- in the dirt -RRB- , as well as the base of the pots and could not believe how quickly they all perked up . I have to say that these plants have tripled in size since the addition of the diatomaceous earth . I have never had blooming plants look as terrific as these do.The only drawback to this product is that it must be reapplied after being rained on , but it 's a small price to pay to have a bug-free home and beautiful plants . A co-worker of mine kept complaining about ants in her house , -LRB- she has kids and pets -RRB- , and said she 's done everything she can think of , -LRB- bleaching , chemicals , extra cleaning , covering pet food , etc -RRB- , but still had ants . I told her about the diatomaceous earth , how it 's organic and how I was impressed with the results . She purchased this same product , -LRB- Concern diatomaceous earth -RRB- , and could not believe how quickly it stopped the ants from coming into her house . She has not seen even one ant in her house since a day or so after she put the diatomaceous earth around the perimiter of her house . I would highly , highly recommend this product to anyone who has problems with bugs in their home , in their potted plants or garden .
 We used this to help with our bedbug problem . In addition to steaming our mattress , box spring , and bed frame , we sprinkled this around the bed posts , under and on the box spring and on the frame and along the edge of the wall in the room . It seems as though it has been really effective ! We left it in place for about a month and have n't had any bites for the last few weeks !!! Yay ! 3 YEARS LATER - UPDATE
 Every Spring/Summer , ants invade my house via the back door . This year , I spread this product between the screen and inside door , so the ants would have to walk across the powder in order to get inside . Within 2 days of using this product , I no longer had ants . I have n't seen any ants since .
 Could n't afford a professional exterminator to get rid of the bed bugs , and people say they 've payed $ 600 for a professional only to still have bed bugs . I have the world 's most comfortable mattress , so I did n't want to throw it out , and the bed bugs could be hiding elsewhere anyway . I steam cleaned my bed which probably got most of them , but was still getting bit . Then I put this stuff down on the floor around my bed and a little between the mattress and box springs . That 's all it took . A little bit of this stuff -LRB- there 's still plenty left over -RRB- and bed bug problem is solved!Also , the dogs brought in fleas and my kids were getting bit . Put a little of this in the couch under the cushions . Once again , problem solved . This stuff is cheap and works like nothing else ! Follow the instructions and do n't breath in the stuff directly .
 If I see aphids on my flowers I just grab a handful of this stuff -LRB- it 's not toxic -RRB- and toss it at the problem area . I come out the next day and the aphids are all dead . It works on some types of ants , not for others . I put a 1-foot wide perimeter band of it around the base of my house twice a year to keep bugs out of the house . I 've done that for years and it works great .
 This is our first spring/summer in this house , and unfortunately there are fistfuls of bugs outside -- all fighting to get in . Primarily the bugs are a couple varieties of ants , spiders and earwigs . I have two small dogs and did n't want to use harsh bug sprays for fear of harming both the humans and pets living here , but I also can not tolerate bugs in the house.After doing research on the internet , Diatomaceous Earth was mentioned again and again . The product is essentially ground up fossils -- that 's it . There is actually a food grade product that at one time was used as a wormer for dogs . When fed to the dogs it naturally killed the parasites , and did not harm the dogs . Anyway , this is not food grade , and one should avoid inhaling the product and it can irritate eyes , too , but compared with the warning labels on pesticides , there is n't anything alarming . My dogs completely ignore the powder around the doors.Within two days of application I saw no more earwigs or spiders -- just one small ant wandered in , but that 's it . The powder worked well sprinkled around the doorways and garage door . It does need to be reapplied after a rain , but that is typical of other bug powders and some sprays.And , it is a powder , so it is a little messy , but I 'd rather live with a little powder around the doorways that is relatively safe , than bug spray that is a hazard to humans and pets . I put the powder in a plastic squeeze bottle -- like a catsup and mustard squeeze bottle and gently squeezed the powder into cracks between some pavers where I saw the bugs and then sprinkled the powder in other areas specifically where I wanted it . I will buy a larger bag and try to keep the perimeter of the house treated as a preemptive strike.Based on the other reviews , apparently the diatomaceous earth works better on some bugs than others . Earwigs and pavement ants are my biggest concern and the product did a great job eliminating them . I can definitely vouch for the success of the product on those two bugs and it also seems to be taking care of the spiders , too .
 I got this because I had a bed bug infestation , and this was one of the steps . Worked great have n't seen any since -LRB- knock on wood . But this did also help with keeping other bugs out in the long run . Make sure you get a bulb duster to make it easy to spread around . Any I have really bad allergies so after I dusted my home , -LRB- everything and everywhere -RRB- I left for a couple hours to give the dust a chance to settle . I even took it over to my brothers home who was having a bad and problem and it worked amazing ! Love this stuff !
 This stuff took care of a flea problem that even raid wouldnt and did it safe for the pets .
 The diatomaceous earth lived up to its billing by ridding several of my potted plants of fungus gnats . They 're no longer a problem , and the plants are substantially healthier .
 A simple easy way to keep bugs out of the house ! We 've been using the product for a few years and it has really helped keep us from being over run in a somewhat rural area . It is completely safe to have around kids and pets , but make sure to put on protective gear when you are putting it down because in large quantities it does make you cough a little . Make sure to spread it around foundation of your house . Make sure to get this kind and not the kind available at the usual hardware store because that is for pools and does not work the same . But this product is a green way that will keep pests out !
 This is a great outdoor ant killer . I use this to refill my 7oz bottle of DE.I avoid artificial pesticides . Unless you regularly cover your yard in pesticides , your yard will have some ants . I do n't mind that ; I hear that ants are enemies of termites . When the ants start coming into the house , I spray the area where the come in with DE . I also cover their trail and anthill . Assuming it does n't rain and wash the DE away , those ants will be gone in a day . The next ants that move into that area of the yard often get the idea and go scouting away from my house.I would n't use it indoors or apply it when children are around , as they say it is irritating for your eyes and lungs .
 Lived in a basement apartment , saw a lot of potato bugs and centipedes at first , slept easy after getting this stuff and did n't see things crawling on the walls as I fell asleep .
 because my dogs love to lay in it and were bringing all sorts of creatures into my home . It seems to have stopped that from happening anymore .
 This product is a sure-kill ! Roaches seem to have evolved where they are able to overcome the chemical pesticides , but this powder lacerates them .
 This worked so well . We had a mild winter in Kansas and it caused a lot of bugs especially spiders and chiggers . I spread the DE everywhere-couches , carpets , floors , wood patio , cement steps , wood piles , storage places , laundry rooms , bedrooms and let it sit as long as possible before vacuuming . In the laundry I never vacuumed because it was the place where most bugs spent the most amount of time . I saw a big impact in the problems within days !! Thank you !
 We have over thirty fruit trees ! These fertilizer spikes were instrumental in increasing fruit production .
 I actually used this on a potted meyer lemon plant . It essentially in a 5 gallon container . I broke up 1 spike into three and otherwise used as directed.It 's been a year , and I think it 's time to change the soil , switch to a larger pot and respike it , because I 'm beginning to see the effects of the fertilizer fade . But since adding these spikes I 've gotten
 I have my fruit trees in pots , so I take each fruit spike and break it in 3 pieces and just lay one piece on top of the soil . I water over the spike to distribute the nutrients once a week . My trees really perked up ! Outstanding value and free shipping !
 Seems that none of my local stores had the fruit and citrus fertilizer spikes in stock for the recommended fall application , was glad to find them on-line and the 15 pack was nice to find versus the 12 pack . Priced well and shipped quickly , I was able to receive the fertilizer spikes in time to get them in the ground before the freeze so the snow melt and spring rains can feed my fruit trees .
 We 've used Jobe 's Fruit Tree stakes & are SO pleased with how well they work with our Peach tree . We had a huge bumper crop again & will use them on our two little pear trees . Poor soil is a problem nearly anyplace one lives anymore & a good fertilizer appropriate for your specific trees is very much a necessity if a good outcome is hoped for , whether it be fruit trees or evergreens or whatever . Lots of generics out there & I 'd rather purchase a fertilizer that posts its ingredients ... and one I can depend on for quality assurance year after year .
 I purchased these for my kumquat tree . I have used the granules before , but my dogs LOVE to roll in it . . must smell really good . The tree has put out new leaves , so must be doing some good . Shipping was ontime as promised , and packaging was fine .
 Have used Jobes for years . Was unable to find Citrus specific spikes locally so I googled and amazon.com & Jobes came through for me : -RRB-
 I use this as my main fertilizer for my peach tree . I love this fertilizer . I noticed the leaves got much bigger after applying this and I had more growth than normal . I am expanding my fruit tree collection and this will continue to be my main fertilizer . Next time I will buy te granulated form I think it will be easier . Overall it is wonderful and I will be buying again .
 I STOPED AT ACE HDW TODAY BOUGHT JOBES 1612 FRUIT TREE SPIKES 15 PER CARTON FOR $ 6.99 PER CARTON THEY ARE ON SALE NOW CK IT OUT
 I 'm not a good gardener but someone recommended I use this for my fruit trees and it sure did the trick ! My apricot and pomegranate trees had fruit after 5 years if nothing . I was starting to give up and this product really did it . I ca n't say enough good things about it .
 Great Value and will be adding 2 more of these in the near future , as I could not locate them this fall in stores .
 Have about 35 Apple trees - a a Cider blend - rigth now snow is on the ground and frozen - so I will let you know about production and if it helps - go to Rossbachcider.com for more info
 I am the only homeowner in my area that does not own a dog . All the neighborhood cats and racoons have come to realize this and have regular parties in my two small ponds . I guess the ponds make for a fabulous jacuzzi . After they are done partying in my backyard , they like to leave me little gifts too.If you 're reading this , then you know that scented repellants do n't work or racoons have recently eaten your pond fish . But I can tell you that the Weitech transonic repellers do work . I found that I need to operate more than one at different angles . The motion sensor has a very short range and the racoons will figure that out . So I operate a 0049-A on AC power continously and this model -LRB- 0051 -RRB- on motion sensor at the other side on my patio . I can see tracks and debris indicating that racoons have come into my yard . BUT , they did n't get to the ponds!P.S . The frequency for larger pest like racoons is audible to people with sensitive hearing .
 I was skeptical , to say the least that any of these types of electronic gizmos would work . I must say I was pleasently surprised ! We have a neighbor with 8 cats that constantly visited our backyard garden and made it into a big kitty litter pan . I bought 3 of the Protectors and since we started to use them , we 've had NO cats around at all . I highly recommend using this system !
 True to the manufactures claim , this device has greatly reduces dog deposits in that part of my front yard that is covered by the device . As the instructions stated , it did take some time for the dogs to be trained -LRB- Pavlovs dog -RRB- but I am ready to buy two more , one for the rest of the front yard and two for the backyard racoons .
 I have become fed up with other people 's cats digging up my garden and leaving their ` deposits ' . Obviously the owners do not care in the least what their animals get up to when they are out of their sight . If you fit this profile beware , those of us who do not want your animals in our gardens can now fight back . The Weitech 0051 really works as claimed keeping not only cats and dogs , but racoons and possums out of the garden . I am buying my second repeller even as I write!ABH
 I have tried every humane way to deter cats from using my backyard as a litter box . After numerous plants , sprays , and advice that failed , I purchased the weitech yard and garden protector and my backyard is free . I am a cat lover , in fact I have two cats of my own , but there are too many ferril cats in the neighborhood . I will be purchasing two more prottectors in order to cover more area . The sound it makes is audible to humans , but the effect of the machine far outways any sound it makes .
 the weitech 0051 works great to keep cats out of my yard . the only downside is that the cats can go behind it & it has no effect to repel them , but i have a few of them placed around the yard & they really do work !
 sir i find this type of devices are the best solution to save money and to feel rely quit , protecting my family , farm and many others .
 based on other reviews here and other sites , this seems to be the brand/model to buy . I did some checking and discovered that this device is ineffective for birds and squirrels . It is most effective on animals that require high frequency and sensitive hearing to hunt and locate it 's meals.I hope this works as I 've lost a great deal of Koi over the last couple of weeks . I will follow up with results once I get it . Too bad it takes 1 to 2 weeks to get this in . I could use it tonight .
 I put the repeller on the deck the second week of July . After about 10 days I noticed there were no bugs flying around at all . No spider webs , no flys , nothing . The setting for flying insects and spiders has a very low volume and you do n't even hear it . If you like using your yard bug free this is great !
 My Dad , a lifelong Suzuki rider , just got a Suzuki Intruder and is in love . He was so excited and could n't believe I found this sign . It 's hanging up in a place of honor in the garage , where he parks his bike . Shipped quickly and well-wrapped . Thanks !
 Get rid of the poison ! These devices work amazingly well!This model constantly cycles between high and low frequencies . Low gets rid of mice and rats -- high gets rid of insects and spiders . You plug it into the wall like a nightlight or a room deodorizer . It is about the size of the bottom of a coffee mug.A friend was having a major pest problem . He bought three of these and you could see their effectiveness immediately . The ultrasonic sound does not go through walls -- so a many-room approach is best!I keep a Weitech 0500 on the sun porch where the cat and dog food bowls live.Perhaps the best feature is the ultrasonic sound confuses hapless rodents that happen to think my house is a good one to take residence in . This confusion is an incredible hunting aid for my 17 year old cat , Checkers . Just last fall she caught 5 mice in two hours . Rascal , the Jack Russel Terrier , never to be left out , generally steals and quickly runs outside with whatever Checkers captures . -LRB- If she does n't run fast , Checkers will beat her up and steal it back . -RRB- I generally watch this most entertaining show from a high perch , emitting some high frequency sound waves of my own . Who would of ever thought mouse control would come with entertainment value?Much more effective than any spray or trap -- and safer and cleaner -- get several if you live in a large house !
 I 've used these for years in my home to keep the critters away . My daughter had a mouse infestation that she could n't get rid of . I bought every one available and sent them to her . Three days after plugging them in the mice finally left and have n't been seen since.These are the best !
 This has been the most effective and easiest method of pest control I 've ever used . Just recently , my husband and I got one for his mother , who was having trouble with squirrels getting inside the kitchen ceiling . As soon as she plugged it in , the squirrels disappeared . It 's been over a month now , and she has n't detected any squirrel activity.Really , if you feel poison is inhumane , or hate using traps , this is your best bet -- a definite godsend for the critter-squeamish !
 REPELS PESTS UP TO 1500 SQ. . FT. WITHOUT POISONS , CHEMICALS OR TRAPS ! *** THIS UNIT WORKS GREAT . . ! WE PUT IT BY THE ENTRANCE INTO OUR HOME FROM THE GARAGE , TO TO KEEP THE CRICKETS FROM COMING IN ... HAVE N'T SEEN ANY IN THE HOME EVER SINCE OR ANYTHING ELSE . . ! ****** AND WE LIVE IN A DESERT RESIDENTIAL AREA ****** OVER-ALL OPINION ... `` VERY EFFECTIVE '' ... ! *** The Weitech Pest Repeller generates powerful ultrasonic signals , repelling pests from your home or officeOperating either with standard electric power or with a battery , this portable indoor/outdoor device goes anywhere to safely repel mice , spiders , fleas , cockroaches , crickets , and other insects with ultrasonic sound waves.That means it 's great for tents , RVs , and campgrounds as well as the home , office , and workroom.With an AC adapter -LRB- included -RRB- it plugs into a standard wall socket , or it can be powered by a 9-volt battery -LRB- not included -RRB- . In either case , it sends out sound waves in the 26,000 to 45,000 Hz range to drive away pests in an area of up to 1,500 square feet without harming pets and humans , which can not detect sound in this range.This product will not harm household pets such as dogs , cats , birds , or fish , although pet mice , hamsters , gerbils and spiders should be kept away from this unit.An LED lights shows when it 's operating.Weather-resistant , the repeller is encased in rugged , lightweight plastic and measures 4-3/4 by 2-3/4 by 2 inches.No poisons , no chemicals , no trapsFor indoor or outdoor useRecommended for a Large to Medium Size RoomRepels pests up to 1500 sq. ft.Dimensions
 I only purchased one of these but after watching the bugs and rodents diappear from my home , I wish I would have gotten more.This item has truly blessed my home . I recommend this product for anyone who maybe having problems with bugs in their homes .
 I have six hummingbird feeders around my property as we have quite a number of birds in our area . This feeder is by far their favorite . It is rare that there is not someone feeding on it all throughout the day . I have yet to see a wasp or ant -LRB- also abundant in our area -RRB- on or in it . It is very attractive as well , without the gaudy red and yellow plastic found on so many feeders . This feeder is definitely a favorite of mine and the birds !
 I received this as a gift for my birthday . I love anything amethyst colored and enjoy feeding the hummingbirds throughout the summer . The color is absolutely beautiful , though somewhat darker than what is pictured . I was worried given the design and color of the bottom part -LRB- copper -RRB- that the hummingbirds would not feed from it easily . While it seems that they still prefer my cheapy red plastic feeder , they are also attracted to this one and do feed easily from it . The inside is a bit difficult to clean . I needed to get a feeder-specific bottle brush to clean it out , and the bottom is made out of purple plastic , but it does n't leak and has held up well on a bright , sunny porch . If you are looking for something to brighten up your porch while attracting the hummingbird , I would recommend it .
 This is a gorgeous hummingbird feeder and quite different from most others available . It is a beautiful amethyst color , with an attractive hummingbird & floral design etched on it . It is easy to fill and the hummingbirds really seem to like it . It would make a great gift .
 This beautiful etched amethyst glass feeder is just as advertised . I hung it up as soon as I received it -LRB- which was very prompt -RRB- . The first day several of my Hummers used it . I have it just outside my kitchen window so I can enjoy watching them feed .
 I have several of these feeders in red , pink , and clear . The hummingbirds love everyone of them . They are easy to clean and are environmentally friendly . The glass is not died , the color is in the glass and I have used them for 3 years now and have not had any fatalities because of them . I can have as many as 20 Hummers at a time feeding at my feeders as I have two feeders up at a time . They are so attractive too . I get compliments from humans on them all the time .
 This was beautiful when I got it , but a year later the red inside comes off when it is washed with a bottle washer and the wood is starting to split . Still it 's the prettiest on the market and I 'll buy it again , but the clear one this time .
 This worked well , and was a good price . Plan on getting a rechargeable battery ... the small battery does not last long , but since it is a standard size , it is easy to use rechargeable .
 This product will fix almost any bare spot you have . I had several bad spots because of my dogs . I followed the directions and within days saw results . Within three weeks it had grown in and my lawn was a show place . Bought it the firs time at Lowes . Was in such high demand they ran out and I have now started ordering it online . I keep a bag of it in the garage for those just in case times . Would never consider using anything else .
 I was skeptical because I planted seed before and watered 2 times a day with poor results . I guess the mix of fertilizer and the moisture retaining media -LRB- appears to recycled paper I think -RRB- worked wonders . The grass grew well and within a month it was full in the places that had bare spots . Honestly those spots look better than the rest of my yard ! The problem with my yard is probably nutrition for the grass . This mix was amazing ... really I 'm shocked.I would definitely recommend this to anyone . The grass is a very blueish green colored grass that 's got nice blades on it . I 'm really going to consider doing my whole yard with this stuff . It will cost a lot but the look would be worth it . I will wait to see how the super hot Florida sun works on this grass . If it survives the summer I 'll dump a couple hundred dollars on the larger bags . If not I 'll have to roll out sod one day instead . But I hate the bushy feeling FL yards have .5 starsREMEMBER TO WATER 2 TIMES A DAY LIBERALLY FOR THE FIRST COUPLE OF WEEKS EVEN MONTH OR IT WO N'T GROW ! ALL GRASS SEEDS NEED CONSTANT MOISTURE !
 It was working very well until we had a drought and hot temperatures and I could n't keep it wet enough . I blame the weather and myself more than the product . Was just unfortunate timing . I will probably try it again in the spring and get it coming in better before summer hits .
 Grass grows in well and fast . Does work in very shaded areas -LRB- maybe 25 % sun -RRB- still going very well into the winter . I did n't get as much coverage as I thought I would . Maybe I did n't disperse it correctly . Overall very happy .
 This was an impulse buy at Wallymart when i went to pick up some grass seed to fill in some bare spots in the yard . The seed i used last year -LRB- ca n't remember which kind -RRB- hadnt worked all that well , so i was up for trying something different and the PatchMaster looked promising.The material is light and easy to spread -LRB- i did it with my hands -RRB- , yet dense and heavy enough to stick where you put it , even in a light wind . You only have to worry about the wind until you get some water on it anyway , so thats really not an issue.I watered the product 2x a day and within about a week , i started to see small sprouts , which was more than i could say for the seeds i had used last year . After another week , the grass was coming in pretty good , and now its about 4 weeks later and most of the grass has fully grown and blended in nicely . It was nice that its been very rainy here the past couple of weeks and i havnt had to worry about keeping the Patchmaster wet , but i do think that keeping it wet is one of the key to successfully growing new grass.This was a great and easy to use product that delivered the necessary results without much work and i would use it again . As a side note , the spots i was originally trying to fill were caused by our dog peeing in the lawn , and after laying down the PatchMaster , for some reason , she doesnt seem interested in those same spots anymore .
 Flag is well-assembled
 I own two of these feeders . They are absolutely wonderful and the hummingbirds love to feed from them . I have used other feeders , the more traditional kind . The problem is with the slighest wind they sway and the necture leaks out . With the Schrodt feeder the wind can blow but the nicture does not leak out .
 Hummingbirds love this feeder and so do I. For several years these Schrodt feeders were difficult to find and if you found one , you had to pay premium . I am glad to see the feeders back with the same beautiful recycled French bottles . Schrodt feeder owners do n't want any sacrifice to quality . We have 5 of this style in different colors . The Schrodt feeders are , to my mind , the most stylish of feeders ; and the birds act as if they are at the yearly Crouch & Fitzgerald handbag clearance sale.Some glass feeders regularly drip the sugar water food , which means open bar to ants . In 3 years , I have had no problem with dripping . But I am careful not to drip when hanging them and I clean any drops away from where they are hung . The brass , redwood and glass are long-lasting and stay looking good.I have interchanged the feeders to see if the hummingbirds show a color preference ; they seem to have preference to location but not color . -- But I do . I love the pink , blue sapphire , amethyst , gold luster and ruby red . I like the way the sunlight glistens off the iridescent feeders as they turn slightly in the trees . My strong preference is for the solid colors , non-etched , not faceted , with the flat redwood top . To my eyes these are nicer , cost less than the etched and seem more durable than the faceted top.The birds typically hover as they drink , but often will sit . The shape of the base is perfect because it both discourages larger birds and makes it difficult for these little fellers to mark the feeder , which , because hummingbirds are so obsessively and apoplectically territorial , they want to do . I keep the feeders in the shade and at least 5 feet apart . I 'll admit that they are more decorous when grouped together , but then we had problem with the same bird defending multiple feeders causing nervous exhaustion ; and we want to encourage many species . To suit me , I have different feeders viewable from different windows.The redwood comes back to life with a new thin coat of boiled linseed oil and white vinegar solution . Just make sure it 's completely dried for a week to avoid harming these indelicate birds.If you do develop a problem with ants , the Schrodt feeders ' pair nicely with theAnt Moat 3 '' x 6 '' h Color
 These are great looking feeders , I have purchased three of these for myself and as gifts . I would highly recommend these for anyone looking for a great looking feeder .
 Lovely , easy to fill and clean , this is a perfect feeder ! I am thinking of buying a few more soon !
 The birds were pretty much stuck on the red plastic with clear glass bottle feeder . However , this one they really seem to enjoy
 Bought this for my mother . She loved it . It is pretty , however the box said it was supposed to be sold in sets of two . I ordered one and got one . Strange ...
 I really like this planter , it 's a bit on the rustic side , but still looks nice . The red color is perfect -- not too bright . I planted bamboo in it and it really looks good .
 I purchased a pair of these lights for emergency scene lighting for our Volunteer Emergency Response Team . With our budget we conld not afford the HID lights . Mounted on a five foot light stand they work better than truck headlights giving a much larger light pattern . I think they are a good low cost 12 volt flood light that could be used in any situation requiring area lighting.Ted Irvin VERT , Team Leader
 Hummingbirds love this feeder and so do I. For several years these Schrodt feeders were difficult to find and if you found one , you had to pay premium . I am glad to see the feeders back with the same beautiful recycled French bottles . Schrodt feeder owners do n't want any sacrifice to quality . We have 5 of this style in different colors . The Schrodt feeders are , to my mind , the most stylish of feeders ; and the birds act as if they are at the yearly Crouch & Fitzgerald handbag clearance sale.Some glass feeders regularly drip the sugar water food , which means open bar to ants . In 3 years , I have had no problem with dripping . But I am careful not to drip when hanging them and I clean any drops away from where they are hung . The brass , redwood and glass are long-lasting and stay looking good.I have interchanged the feeders to see if the hummingbirds show a color preference ; they seem to have preference to location but not color . -- But I do . I love the pink , blue sapphire , amethyst , gold luster and ruby red . I like the way the sunlight glistens off the iridescent feeders as they turn slightly in the trees . My strong preference is for the solid colors , non-etched , not faceted , with the flat redwood top . To my eyes these are nicer and they cost less.The birds typically hover as they drink , but often will sit . The shape of the base is perfect because it both discourages larger birds and makes it difficult for these little fellers to mark the feeder , which , because hummingbirds are so obsessively and apoplectically territorial , they want to do . I keep the feeders in the shade and at least 5 feet apart . I 'll admit that they are more decorous when grouped together , but then we had problem with the same bird defending multiple feeders causing nervous exhaustion ; and we want to encourage many species . To suit me , I have different feeders viewable from different windows.The redwood comes back to life with a new thin coat of boiled linseed oil and white vinegar solution . Just make sure it 's completely dried for a week to avoid harming these indelicate birds.If you do develop a problem with ants , the Schrodt feeders ' pair nicely with theAnt Moat 3 '' x 6 '' h Color
 I started with the plain glass version but have had the ruby-red glass feeder for the last six years and the hummingbirds simply love it . They first have to notice the feeder -LRB- red may help in this regard -RRB- . Then the loyalty of these highly discriminating birds will be determined by the proportion of white castor sugar that you boil in their water before cooling it off and leaving it for them . I use as much sugar-to-water as will result in flowing sugary-water when cool which is approx . 40 % sugar / 60 % water . When I once dropped that ratio , an angry hummingbird drove his beak into the French window six times really hard to let customer service know its unacceptability ! Bacteria grows so strongly in that sugary-water that it needs to be changed every four or five days as the birds will wisely stop feeding to remind you!Hummingbirds are territorial during the day but relax that imperative at dusk in recognition of their need to feed for survival before the long night ahead . So you 'll often observe two or three hummingbirds having dinner quite contentedly which seldom , if ever , occurs at any other time of the day.If you would like to develop a deep relationship of trust and intimacy with hummingbirds so that you can stand right next them and even separate them with your vertical hand when they fight over dinner at the feeder , you need to break their natural , deep fear of you . Throughout the year let them see you often near the feeder particularly at dusk and then , just when they return from their long winter migration in mid / late March from Central America and are extremely thirsty / exhausted , stand within two feet of the feeder for as much time as you possibly can . They will start by emitting stress noises and then will rapidly ignore you as they desperately feed . You will thereby prove you are harmless and no threat to them when they have no choice but to feed and they will start accepting you as safe member of their community ! You can then watch and photograph these romantic , intelligent , assertive , joyful , graceful birds very close-up indeed and their acceptance will feel quite magical .
 I bought a third of the Schrodt 's Hummingbird feeders , after having the 1st for over 15 years . They are Very WELL made , easy to clean , contain the original color of glass , do NOT loose any nectar regardless how high the winds sway ! -LRB- unlike expensive others -RRB- . Wonderful additions to look at in my garden and patio . A Must Have !
 Hummingbirds love this feeder and so do I. For several years these Schrodt feeders were difficult to find and if you found one , you had to pay premium . I am glad to see the feeders back with the same beautiful recycled French bottles . Schrodt feeder owners do n't want any sacrifice to quality . We have 5 of this style in different colors . The Schrodt feeders are , to my mind , the most stylish of feeders ; and the birds act as if they are at the yearly Crouch & Fitzgerald handbag clearance sale.Some glass feeders regularly drip the sugar water food , which means open bar to ants . In 3 years , I have had no problem with dripping . But I am careful not to drip when hanging them and I clean any drops away from where they are hung . The brass , redwood and glass are long-lasting and stay looking good.I have interchanged the feeders to see if the hummingbirds show a color preference ; they seem to have preference to location but not color . -- But I do . I love the pink , blue sapphire , amethyst , gold luster and ruby red . I like the way the sunlight glistens off the iridescent feeders as they turn slightly in the trees . My strong preference is for the solid colors , non-etched , not faceted , with the flat redwood top . To my eyes these are nicer , cost less than the etched and seem more durable than the faceted top.The birds typically hover as they drink , but often will sit . The shape of the base is perfect because it both discourages larger birds and makes it difficult for these little fellers to mark the feeder , which , because hummingbirds are so obsessively and apoplectically territorial , they want to do . I keep the feeders in the shade and at least 5 feet apart . I 'll admit that they are more decorous when grouped together , but then we had problem with the same bird defending multiple feeders causing nervous exhaustion ; and we want to encourage many species . To suit me , I have different feeders viewable from different windows.The redwood comes back to life with a new thin coat of boiled linseed oil and white vinegar solution . Just make sure it 's completely dried for a week to avoid harming these indelicate birds.If you do develop a problem with ants , the Schrodt feeders ' pair nicely with theAnt Moat 3 '' x 6 '' h Color
 These are the best feeders ! They are easy to clean and last for a long . The birds love the red colored glass . THE BEST !
 Exactly as described ! This was a wonderful gift for my sister 's birthday ! Beautiful design , very sleek and elegant . She loved it !
 Simple , easy to use design , and the hummingbirds love it . However , for the price I expected it to hold up better . Not that the hummers seem to care , but a few months after I got it , a couple of the ` flowers ' fell off and the wood discolored . Still use it , but it looks kind of shabby .
 This was a hit . My friends have a redwood house with red trim , and the feeder matches it perfectly , overlooking garden .
 Us and the Hummingbirds !! Especially now in the winter - they 're here everyday adn seem to like being able to land in the cold weather .
 Nice feeder . Looks good and I like the red color because it looks like the Hummingbirds would be more attracted to it even though they are color blind . I paid more for a feeder because the 10 dollar plastice ones dont look like they would last more than a year or two and who wants to look at some dried up plastic feeder . This was a gift and my friend loved it and the redwood pieces give it a real nice quality look .
 I like this feeder because of the red glass color . However , ants get into the bottom bowl . Need a way to avoid this . Other than that I really like this feeder .
 I 've owned -LRB- and replaced -RRB- many bird feeders . This is the best of the lot . Sturdy , easy to fill and clean . Holds a LOT . Will serve well as a hanging feeder but is also engineered to accept a pole mount -LRB- no added parts required . -RRB- It dispenses large and small seeds well . It does n't hold up well to BB gun hits or being dropped .
 I like the size of this bird feeder . It is large enough so I do n't have to go outside to fill it up as often as I have to with smaller feeders .
