 This product works great and would definitely buy more of . I would definitely do business with this company again . Very Happy .
 I love the underwater , I scuba dive , and I find watching IMAX documentaries extremely fun . So when I first saw DEEP SEA in the Melbourne IMAX theatre , I had a ball of a time ! Not only were the underwater footages amazing , I appreciated the combination of humor and wit in the direction of this documentary . Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet are perfect as narrators for this . This documentary gives a good factual introduction to the underwater , and the music and narration add to make it a really enjoyable documentary ! I think that even people who are n't so crazy about the underwater / who do not scuba dive / do not dig IMAX stuff , will find it hard not to enjoy this 40min trip underwater . If you 're extremely selective like I am about purchasing 3D titles and you enjoy wildlife , I would recommend DEEP SEA in a heartbeat !
 This is fairly short for a documentary , but it contains a good amount of information , and if you 're a fan of Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet , you 'll enjoy learning from them . Also , great underwater footage !
 Deep Sea IMAX is a short -LRB- around 40 minutes -RRB- but very satisfying documentary about life in the ocean . The footage is top notch and it is enhanced by the familiar voices of Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet.Adults who are real ocean fanatics may find this movie to be a little wanting due to the short duration . But I purchased this for my three year old daughter who loved a copy that I had rented last summer . In general I think that shorter movies are better for kids because their attention spans are shorter.One of my friends commented that he thought the term `` deep '' was a bit of false advertising because while the film is definitely shot in deep water they do n't explore the really dark and mysterious places at the very bottom of the ocean . This assessment is true enough . So if you 're into really deep ocean videos then this may not be the one for you .
 This was really neat to watch ... wish we could have seen it at an IMAX . Kids of all ages like this ... we watched it several times.If you get the chance to see this or rent it on DVD it is well worth it .
 This movie was fairly entertaining , but better at the IMAX . My mother is a huge Jonny Depp fan and wanted to see this , but because of a disease she has she could not go to the IMAX . This was a great alternative for her .
 While nothing compares to seeing this on the IMAX screen , this DVD is the next best thing . It will simply blow you away ! The undersea colors and sounds are amazing . I did n't think of the creatures under the ocean as making sounds like animals on land do , but they do ! I learned so much about undersea life , all in a context that was not just educational , but often amusing . Danny Elfman 's sound track makes it all the more enjoyable - the man is a genius . The naration by Kate Winslet and Johnny Depp is perfectly adapted to what you 're being shown . Fantastic for ALL ages !!!
 Movies made for Imax theaters are often great for viewing at home . I found this out with this movie ; I missed it at the local Imax theater , but then saw it on DVD , and was glad I saw it . The movie looks at life in the shallow regions of the oceans , primarily ocean reefs , so the title Deep Sea is not quite appropriate . The narration is by Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet , and is quite good in being subtle and not overbearing . The photography is great , and viewers are shown numerous creatures great and smal . Many of the scenes are of eating , specifically one creater eating another . However , there is no bloody gore of sharks munching other creatures , hence the movie is fine for little kids .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this IMAX production . I learned about the different forms of sealife and how their survival depends on each other . It also sheds life on how humans are destroying this marine life by continuing to fish for these exotic fish . Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet do a wonerful job on the narration . It is almost like they are just having a conversation between themselves . It was very informative and entertaining .
 I recently bought a 51 '' Samsung Plasma 3D TV -LRB- which is AWESOME -RRB- and a Sony 3D blu ray player -LRB- Wi Fi included so it 's like having a smart tv too , also awesome -RRB- and this movie is fantastic !! I 'm starting my 3D collection and have a bunch of Pixar animated 3D movies , but this is my first IMAX movie and it is incredible , you feel like you are underwater with the creatures !! I should mention if you 're looking for a ocean movie with cute dolphins or sharks , this is n't it , this is more about sea monsters like squids that are very ugly and scary but still fascinating none the less . Might be too scary for young kids , but is a phenomenal movie experience and a MUST BUY !!
 I 'm fairly new to the 3D Blu-ray world , so I 'm just starting to see the difference between cheaply-made 3D movies and high-quality 3D movies . I have to say , IMAX Deep Sea looked very very good . The 3D aspect adds to much depth to the screen . There was a good amount of images that `` come out of the screen '' , but not an overwhelming amount . The `` story '' itself is good as they cover a wide variety of deep sea animals . Narrated by Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet , they give the documentary a soothing , professional feel . I have n't watch any of the other IMAX 3D Blu-rays , but I must say , this one was stunning for the price and quality . I say go for it .
 the most beautiful nature gift to man . The 3-D effects are to much to even try to explain . Its a must have for one 's library . It is educational for all ages . The scenery is marvelous and it is truly in 3-D . I highly recommend
 I was blown away watching this with my panasonic P55ST30 and XpanD 3D glasses . I agree with others that it is short for the money , but I have spent tons more in the past to go snorkling in the Caribbean and never saw so many sea creatures with so much clarity and safely in 3D ! : - -RRB-
 This was awesome . We viewed this 3D movie on a 55 inch LED with passive 3D . It was like we were in the ocean with the creatures of the deep . And who would n't enjoy listening to Johnny and Kate narrate ? My sister watched the movie as well and could n't believe how clear and realistic it was . Good movie at a great price !
 I bought this movie to test out my new Samsung 3D capability and it was awesome . I recommend it ! I saw things that live in the ocean that I never knew existed !!!
 I got this movie for my grand-daughters but I ended up likeing this movies 3d effcts the best out of all the 3d we have gotten so far.It was like the fish were at your fingertips .
 On my quest to find 3D content I decided to purchase this movie , being a fan of the ocean world I thought that this would be a fine addition to my growing 3D collection . I found the movie to be one of the best 3d tittles I 've experienced so far , with solid 3D special effects and a strong enough content to keep you from complaining . My only issue arises with the length of the movie , it 's simply too short for the amount of money spend on it . I do understand that it is a documentary and not a real movie , but just as you are starting to get more involved into the movie , the closing credits start to roll . Narration was kind of slow , could of been much better . But overall it 's a solid 3D tittle to own .
 this documentry on sea life was great the 3D looks superb the sea life came through looking lfe like I just cant say enough about how good this film was . if u have #D then you have to look at this . it great for the whole family
 This was our first 3D film for our new Samsung TV ... Fabulous , it takes a little time to get use to the 3D glasses but when it begins to work WOW , FANTASTIC PICTURES AND EXPERIENCE ...
 `` Deep Sea '' is a wonderful look at the one world that Man has no domain . As intelligent and resourceful as we are , we still can not plumb the depths with the ease that the Ocean 's creatures can . Instead , we plunder and pollute this wonderous world that we can not conquer.This film regretfully , may stand , like others that display the world 's beautiful places , as the only record of what it was like before we destroyed it . There are many reviews that are critical of the the narration , or the Director . This film is not about them . `` Deep Sea '' gives us a look at some of the Ocean 's most unique creatures , and how they , more than we , have areas where predator and prey call a truce , and do things for one another for the betterment of both species ! It also brings to the screen creatures that many may not have seen before -LRB- the Sunfish comes to mind , because I , myself had never seen one -RRB- . `` Deep Sea '' is a feast for the eyes , as there is no trace of our intrusion -LRB- yet -RRB- . Our children must see this film , and others like it , so that maybe , one day , they will be more responsible in preserving something that has fed , clothed and provided many things in our present lives , for our benefit .
 I 'm throwing my two cents out here on this one because I was suprised by all the negative reviews regarding dialog , music score & underwater footage . I 've seen this film more times than I can count , -LRB- thanks to my 3-year old -RRB- and while it may not live up to some other people 's high standards , the movie is , in my opinion , simply BEAUTIFUL . And for those of you with kids , I highly recommend it .
 I loved it , the water is crystal clear , the different creatures and life that were addressed were fascinating , and educational . The narration was very well timed . The notes of humor were appreciated.It is a great IMAX film , as always wish it were longer !!!
 This documentary was recommended by two of my students , so I bought it and showed it to all of my high school biology classes , and they loved it ! For an educational video , it is interesting , entertaining and engaging , even for a class of 30 9th or 10th graders - and that 's a pretty amazing thing ! It really shows diversity in the ocean and how animals work together . There is some corny dialogue , but as a science person , I can appreciate that ! Give it a view , I promise you 'll love it !
 I found this DVD informative , entertaining and pleasant to view . It presented an interesting environmental point of view in a natural and spontaneous manner . I would recommend it to adults and children of all ages .
 I love my new 3D gear but I will say that after this movie and `` Under the Sea '' and `` Ultimate Wave '' I 'm feeling a little burned out on ocean adventures.That aside what we get here is another awesome under water adventure.Beautiful.Educational.I was excited to see Depp as the narrator but honestly?He sounded a tad bored and detached from the whole thing.Not enough to deduct any stars but it was noticeable.Otherwise another winner from Imax.Highly recommended .
 It 's a very good movie to showcase your 3D tv to your friends and to watch once , maybe twice . My personal opinion would be to wait until you can get it for $ 20-25 for the simple fact that you can only watch it so many times before it sits on the shelf , waiting for the next time a friend stops by . Some parts of the movie are a little rough on the eyes because there is a lot happening and it 's real bright during some points in the movie . With that being said , I did enjoy it and it does look like you 're under the water with the wildlife -LRB- some scenes more than others -RRB- , but I would wait until the price is right .
 I keep reading reviews about 3D movies that are all over the place , this movie is one of the good ones . So now that I have my new Asus laptop , I 'm simply blown away by the quality of some 3D movies and the lack of standards of what some are pitching as a 3D movie . I also ca n't believe the lack of content , what the heck ? After spending an hour reading the reviews of all the 3D movies on Amazon , I decided to go to best buy to pick one up , it 's the same price and i get it now . But I usually get my stuff from Amazon . This movie/documentary was amazing at times it felt like I was looking at my real life aquarium , but with many more fish of course and at times it felt like I was back on Maui swimming with the fish . I put headphones on and I lost myself in the beauty for an hour and the documentary part of it was nothing short of amazing as well . You could see every spec of fish no matter how small , at times it looked like you are in the middle of it all and the coral looked like you could reach out and touch it.Looking forward to other 3D movies , as of now it looks like another IMAX movie will be my next stop . But I keep looking for that adventure 3D film that will define 3D for me .
 I first started watching horror as a youngster in the mid-to-late eighties and `` Witchboard '' is one of those films that holds a special nostalgic place in my heart . The craze back in those days was the slasher film and innumerable amounts of such movies made it into my VCR . But despite being released in the middle of the slasher craze Witchboard dared to be different , a supernatural horror film involving witchcraft through a Ouija board . This one hit especially close to home since in those days me and my friends would often gather into our basements with a Ouija board of our own , in a vein attempt to conjure spirits of the dead . Finally , this 80 's gem sees a release on DVD -LRB- complete with a pullout mini ouija board -RRB- thanks to Anchor Bay , who have also just released the equally excellent 80 's classic `` Night of the Demons . `` Guests at a house party for 30-somethings start fooling around with a Ouija board and conjure up the spirit of `` David '' a 10-year old who died in a tragic boating accident . The day after the party , Linda begins experimenting with the board on her own in an attempt to learn more about the spirit of David . As it turns out , using the Ouija board alone is a big no-no and soon Linda finds herself being stalked and terrorized by the spirit inside of the Ouija board . Her husband and a friend take a drive to the town where David died to try to uncover the reasons for the spirit 's hostility towards Linda . But as the two soon find out , David is not the only spirit communicating through the Ouija board ... `` Witchboard '' is a horror film that relies more on suspense than gore or a high body count . The first half of the movie has a slow pace , although it still manages to entertain . This is a movie that is unabashedly eighties
 This used to be a real cult movie , and if you can get past the corny acting you will enjoy the movie . Stephen Nichols -LRB- Patch from Days of Our Lives -RRB- plays a good roles as ex-boyfriend that brings the quija board into the house and leaves it there . But he neglects to leave a warning to never use it alone , and of course Linda starts playing with it and at the beginning great thing happen , like finding her long lost diamond ring but the longer she plays with the ouija the board the more frightening things get , until she fears for the lives for her and those around her.Witchboard
 In WITCHBOARD , Tawny Kitaen stars as a woman who is attacked by an eeevil spirit after playing around w / a Ouija board . Her boyfriend and ex-boyfriend join forces in order to save her from possession and certain doom . If you are a Tawny fan , or love flaming red hair , then this is your key to heaven 's door ! Sure , the movie is rather goofy , and slow-to-build , but that is overcome by the sheer amount of Tawny goodness ! Yep , Ms. Kitaen 's dimples alone are reason enough for me to watch WITCHBOARD again and again ! Oh yeah , there are some spooks and a hilarious `` medium '' as well . Anyway , this is a wonderful addition to anyone 's Tawny shrine ...
 A year before she unleashed her hotness on the music video scene by appearing in several Whitesnake videos -LRB- and some two decades before she assaulted then-husband Chuck Finley and was arrested for cocaine possession -RRB- , redhead Tawny Kitaen starred in Witchboard , which I consider to be one of the better non-blockbuster horror films of the glorious 1980s . Having just seen it again for the first time in over twenty years , I have to say it still holds up well all these years later . Well , there is one horribly bad special effects shot near the end , but its impact is somewhat mitigated by the fact that this movie does n't really rely on special effects to do its thing . Witchboard is all about instilling suspense and fear into the atmosphere swirling around a trio of well-developed characters . At first , it looks like you 're in for another boring ride on the arrogant rich boy vs. impudent poor boy train , but that begins to change once the spirits come out to play.I 'm not exactly sure why Linda -LRB- Tawny Kitaen -RRB- would invite ex-boyfriend Brandon -LRB- Stephen Nichols -RRB- to a party with her new boyfriend Jim -LRB- Todd Allen -RRB- , especially when she knows both men are now ex-best friends , but she does . As the snarky comment meter begins to push in to the red , Linda overcomes her misgivings and actually welcomes the idea of trying out Brandon 's Ouija board . The pair succeeds in making contact with the spirit of a little boy that Brandon has spoken with before - but Jim 's litany of condescending comments angers the spirit . In all of the commotion , Brandon leaves his Ouija board there at Linda 's and Jim 's apartment . Over the next few days , Linda unwisely - albeit unknowingly - starts using the board alone to speak to `` David , '' and that is when the troubles start coming fast and furious . Lives are lost as Linda 's obsession with using the Ouija board increases , ultimately putting her own life in danger . Brandon soon comes to realize what is happening -LRB- progressive enchantment by a sinister spirit -RRB- , but he can do little to help Linda without Jim 's help - and that 's a pretty long row to hoe.Witchboard is by no means scary , but it does sneak a few surprising moments into the mix , and the creepy atmosphere is effective even if it never becomes palpable . Jim is a rather stoic character , and Todd Allen plays him as such pretty well ; Tawny Kitaen earns her scream queen stripes with a more than satisfactory performance as the vulnerable -LRB- and hot -RRB- potential target for possession ; but it is Stephen Nichols ' performance that really makes this something of a 1980s classic horror film . With Jim playing the doubting game so well , Brandon really has to appear sincere and genuinely troubled by the potential danger the Ouija board poses for Linda - and Nichols pulls that off amazingly well . I also have to mention Kathleen Wilhoite , who is impossible to forget in the minor role of California 's kookiest medium , and Rose Marie . You have to be doing something right when you can get Rose Marie , of all people , to appear in your horror film.From what I hear and read , the two Witchboard sequels are n't very good - but do n't let that stop you from watching the original film . Even the ending of Witchboard plays out quite effectively . Writer and director Kevin S. Tenney really delivers the goods with this 1986 release , and I think Witchboard deserves a place somewhere on any viewing list of recommended 1980s horror movies .
 I enjoyed quick , efficient service and loved the movie !! It was scary in a campy kind of 80 's way - that I like .
 Great horror flick with a hot chick playing the lead role . Not too bloody but totally enjoyable thanks to all the off key remarks and average acting abilities . This is a classic . `` He 's good , he 's just a little dead that 's all . ''
 Sexy Linda -LRB- Tawny Kitaen -RRB- plays with a Oujia board with some friends at a party as she becomes addicted to it and communicates with the spirit of a dead young boy named David who died in a horrific accident years ago . But at times she gets to become overwelmed by it 's power that she accidently summons the spirit of a deceased serial killer as it hunts and murders her friends.Exciting 80 's mix of supernatural ghost story and slasher genre all rolled into one movie from writer-director Kevin S. Tenney -LRB- `` Night of the Demons '' -RRB- is a real hoot . It was a minor box-office hit in 1986 and launched the career of cult director Tenney as one of the most beloved directors of the genre as it offers some scares , gory violence and of course an interesting concept about the dangers of Oujia boards and it 's addictive powers it can succumb at people including some hot nudity by hot girls.The DVD has a beautiful transfer and some nice sound with fine extras like audio commentary , a featurette , TV Spot and Trailer .
 Story : Linda -LRB- Tawny Kitaen -RRB- throws a little party at home with a few friends . A Ouija Board is brought out to help liven up the party . Linda begins contacting a spirit through the Ouija Board . The spirit wants to possess Linda and cross over into the land of the living . It 's up to Linda 's boyfriend -LRB- Todd Allen -RRB- and ex -LRB- Stephen Nichols -RRB- to stop the evil spirit from taking over Linda.Review : I just love movies about possession . This little gem was directed by Kevin S. Tenney who also directed Night of the Demons . I was really surprised with the acting in this film . Tawny Kitaen actually put on a very believable performance . There was a very serious tone throughout the entire film . That made it all the more interesting and fun to watch . We also get some pretty good humor mixed in with all the seriousness . Kathleen Wilhoite did a great job as the wacky psychic . Her humor and character were greatly appreciated . Witchboard delivered some pretty spooky scenes . I actually jumped quite a few times before it ended . I wo n't be buying a Ouija Board anytime soon . Too creepy.Pros : When Linda is having the dream sequence and the evil spirit shows up behind her with an axe . Kathleen Wilhoite 's death sequence was also a highlight . The film did a great job with the supernatural effects . It made me believe in ghosts.Cons : Some pacing problems . Nothing too bad .
 Actually a pretty scary movie . It really scared me when it first came out . Now its fun to see the 80 's clothes and style . Still a good movie and considering that Tawny Kitaen went from this , Bachelor Party , hot Whitesnake music videos , and is probably right now beating up her ballplayer husband is reason enough to watch this movie ... do n't mess with the Witchboard .
 Any movie that features Whitesnake video vixen Tawny Kitaen is bound to raise a few eyebrows , but for this 80 's horror romp , well , let 's just say that acting is n't the most important thing here . Kitaen plays a woman who comes into contact with the spirit of a deceased young boy via a Ouija board , and eventually , releases something much more sinister from the board that begins to assume posession over her . Relying more on suspense and mystery than blood and gore -LRB- something that was a change of pace for horror films of the 80 's -RRB- , Witchboard is a surprisingly satisfying horror romp . However , the look of the film is so unbelieveably dated -LRB- got ta love the mullet -RRB- that some may have a hard time getting into it , but other than that , Witchboard is still a fun flick . The DVD is another fine package assembled by the good folks at Anchor Bay , who sure know how to package a horror film right .
 Nothing much else to this - just looking at Tawny Kitaen before she married Coverdale and got all messed up on drugs and looked horrible on Dr. Drew rehab .
 one day they had this movie on and watched it to bad it was cut to hell ... brings back my 20s loved this movie
 80 's movie . Like 'em or hate 'em . Just depends on your taste.Ta , ta , for now . -LRB- TTFN -RRB- ! . No more to say .
 I ca n't wait until Witchboard is released on DVD ! This movie is a definite cult classic and actually a pretty decent movie . The only way to find this movie now is on VHS and all copies I have seen are pretty worn out . If you ever used a Ouija board or had any interest ... see this movie . I will definitely add this to my collection when it comes out .
 This has always been a favorite movie of mine and I love the DVD . The video and sound quality are excellent . This is a great buy for drama or horror fans .
 I first saw this in the movie theatre circa 1987 , and it has always been one of my favorite movies . Watching it again 20 years later , I can see that it has n't lost any of its magic . The DVD contains a `` making of '' feature that 's interesting , as well as commentary by the director/writer and producer.The plot is pretty simple . The opening scene is a party , where someone suggests playing with a Ouija board . Not surprisingly , a spirit is contacted , and strange things began to happen . Tawny Kitaen , the main character , becomes `` addicted '' to the board and is soon possessed by an evil spirit . The ending is well-done and really cool . The acting from all of the characters is top-notch , and the effects are good . One of the best things about the movie is the actors make it work , making you care about the characters . Also , there are numerous `` jumps '' or `` scares '' that keep you on the edge of your seat throughout the movie.Definitely a must-see for any horror fan , especially of supernatural-themed horror .
 I think a good number of people have tried a Ouija -LRB- a combination of the French and German words for yes , Oui - Ja -RRB- board at least once in their lives , most likely when they were younger , as we 're generally more open and accepting in believing in the supernatural possibilities inherent within the game . For those of you unfamiliar with it , it 's a board inscribed with all the letters of the alphabet , numbers from 0 to 9 , and the words yes , no , maybe , and good-bye . There 's also a piece called a planchette , which is a movable three-legged device people would put their fingertips on , and then pose questions that would be answered by whatever supernatural elements may be around at the time , spelling out words or pointing to the words printed on the board . Do spirits actually move the planchette , sending messages from beyond the grave ? No ... the movements are really caused by unnoticeable , and usually unintentional , forces of the persons whose hands are on the planchette , and usually end up spelling out gibberish and unintellible words.Witchboard -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , written and directed by Kevin Tenney , presents the notion that the Ouija board is actually a link to supernatural , even a portal at times , and what happens when a particularly nasty spirit decides to try and make use of the portal . The film stars Tawny Kitaen -LRB- yes , the girl from the Whitesnake video -RRB- , Todd Allen , who appeared in the very excellent western Silverado in the same year , and soap opera regular Stephen Nichols . As the film begins , we are in the midst of a party , hosted by Linda -LRB- Kitaen -RRB- , and her boyfriend Jim -LRB- Allen -RRB- . It seems to be going alright , although it seemed like there was something lacking from your typical 80 's party , namely the cocainia ... anyway , for some unknown reason , Linda has invited her old beau , Brandon -LRB- Nichols -RRB- , and the tension soon rises between Brandon and Jim , as they used to be best friends , and Brandon blames Jim for stealing Linda away from him ... whether he did or not , we will find out later , but mostly this just established Linda as a real bonehead for not taking more care in making up the guest list . As a tension breaker , Linda suggests they play a game Brandon has brought , an Ouija board . Brandon , a true believer , claims to have contacted many spirits , and also claims it 's all the real deal , and not some hokem pokem child 's game . To prove it , he demonstrates the boards ' power by trying to contact a deceased boy named David . Contact is made , but there are a few who are n't convinced , Jim being one , and he basically says it 's all a bunch of hooey , which seems to agitate the spirit , and causes some unexplained phenomena included the popping of the tires on Brandon 's car . As the guests leave , Brandon forgets to take his Ouija board , and so Linda starts using it by herself , which is dangerous as she soon starts acting strange as the spirit begins taking possession of her . Questions begin arise , after a couple of particularly gruesome death of a friend , regarding the true nature of the spirit , its ' intentions , and its ' true identity . Jim and Brandon manage to put aside their differences as they see changes within Linda , and fear she may be suffering from her contact with the unknown . Who is the spirit and what does it want ? You 'll find out ... This really is n't a bad little movie , as there seemed to be more emphasis on the suspense elements within the story rather than just a usual slasher picture that was so very common throughout the 80 's . The direction was capable , much better than I would have though , considering this was Tenney 's first film , although the script did suffer some fairly lame dialog . One thing I found highly annoying was the character of Jim and his constant use of the word ` babe ' when talking to his girlfriend Linda . The development of the characters was a bit weak , especially the point of Jim 's inability to say the words , `` I love you '' to his girlfriend . His standard reply whenever she would speak the line was `` I know you do '' . This hardly endears him to the viewing audience , but it does set up for him to profess his love later on , as he and Linda endure much by the end of the movie , and allows him to appear to have grown through the ordeal ... it was just such an obvious plot device . Ms. Kitaen did better than I would have thought , as she does appear to possess a modicum of talent , and maybe with a stronger script , she might have come off better -LRB- there 's even a brief nude shower scene -RRB- . I felt a little disconnected from the story , as the protagonist was an invisible spirit throughout , whose motives were a bit murky until near the end . We finally do meet him , but I could n't help think the movie would have benefited had he appeared sooner in the film . The plot does manage to stay on track through , avoiding major plot holes , and wraps up nicely with a less than shocking twist . It did plod along at more than one point , causing the film to run longer than I thought necessary , at a whopping 98 minutes . The worst part about the film was that of character Zarabeth , a medium , played by character actress Kathleen Wilhoite . You may remember her starring opposite Charles Bronson in the 1986 film Murphy 's Law . I find her so completely annoying on so many levels.The wide screen print here looks great and special features include a commentary track by the director and a couple of producers . Also included is a 23 minute ` making of ' documentary , a theatrical trailer , and a couple of TV spots . Finally , inside the case , is a mini reproduction of an Ouija board , complete with pointer . Anchor Bay does a great job with the release , so while the film is three stars , I am giving one extra for the overall release.Cookieman108
 This is and will always be one of my most favorite movies of all time ! My best friend John and I used to watch this movie when we were teenagers . `` Mom Tina '' , who was John 's Mom , worked at a local video store in Sturtevant , WI when we were growing up . Back then , mom and pop video stores were all the hype before the blockbusters and hollywood video stores came into being . John and I use to use the ouija board in his Mom 's basement , strange things occurred ... the TV shut off by itself , the lights flickered ... it was a little scary , but yet we thought it was cool.Watching Tawney Kitaen , in the Heavy Metal , Whitesnake videos , and knowing Stephen Nichols who played `` Patch '' on Days of our lives in the 80 's ... made it cool ... For a long time Witchboard was not available at all , it was out of print , and I 'm so glad that it has finally been made available on DVD . No matter how old or young you are , I highly recommend the movie ! Witchboard 2 is n't bad either , a good sequel ... There is also a Witchboard part 3 , which is n't the best , but not a bad film ... The original , of course , is by far the best!Also , no one can get over Kathleen Wilhoite , who plays the cool , and layed back , `` Zarabeth '' the medium who tries to exorcise the spirits from `` Jim and Linda 's '' apt . I could go on ... but , I 'll stop here ... and say ... TTFN ... watch the movie and you 'll know what I mean ... Do n't play it alone!haha ha ... evil wicked laughter echoes in the distance ... Malfeitor is waiting for you you to play ! `` A cut above the rest '' New York Post ... Tony in Wisconsin
 I 'm very pleased this was finally released on DVD . Since it 's release in 1987 it has been an underappreciated cult horror andnearly impossible to find on VHS -LRB- found my copy at a pawn shop -RRB- . Transfer to DVD will no doubt be crystal clear , something my VHSlacks , and it will capture new fans as well . If your cup of tea is witchcraft , or eighties horror , or just horror in general , I recommend you check this out !
 Cheesy 80 's horror ?? hummmm ??? what 's good 90 's horror ?? Scream ? I know what you did last summer , Jeepers Creepers !!! blah , blah , blah !! Some of the best horror flicks to ever come out were between the late 60 's and late 80 's . Sorry guys , the rest of the stuff you have now just does n't make the `` cut '' and/or is ripped off from `` 80 's cheeze '' . I wish you were born in that `` cheezy era '' because eventually the 90 's and even 2010 's -LRB- 10 `` s -RRB- will be cheezy . At least we and our films had an identity and did n't have to be ok ` ed by Ludicrous , P diddy , or 50 Cent ... what a sad joke . Sorry ...
 At a party , a guest brings out a Ouija board , and they attempt to contact a spirit he knows . The spirit does appear , but it becomes apparent to the one who brought the Ouija board that this is an evil spirit that is impersonating his spirit , and despite warnings not to use the board alone , a woman uses it alone , and becomes harassed by the evil spirit , his goal to possess her so he can walk the earth again.So , as a child I was exposed to many great horror movies of the 70 's and 80 's , and Witchboard was one of them . It always stuck out to me from all the other horror movies from that era . I could n't really put my finger on it , but I always made a point of watching it when it was on TV . Now that I own Witchboard on DVD , I watch it all the time . If you 're a fan of 80 's horror movies , this is a must have movie .
 This is a wonderful movie . It came out right when `` Patch '' was on Days of our lives . It was weird seeing him without the patch . Yum
 I received my DVD recently . In keeping with the theme of the movie , there is a large imprint of a planchette on the disk . There 's a paper insert with the scene selections on one side and a Ouija board on the other with a little planchette that can be removed to play the game.Five stars go to Anchor Bay for their time and effort on this DVD . Now how about `` Witchboard 2 '' , `` Witchtrap '' , and `` Pinocchio 's Revenge '' ? `` Witchboard '' is a noteworthy movie from the 80s , revolving around an evil spirit that passes through a Ouija board and possesses a young woman.This DVD is an excellent addition to my collection . Once again , thank you Anchor Bay .
 Unlike Witchboard 2 & 3 , this movie is actually scary if you have never seen it before . Classic horror at it 's best .
 Another Great Anchor Bay Acheivment ! I truly do not know what I would do if Anchor Bay did not egxist.The Horror Movie Genre would be a sad place if anchor bay did not egxist . They are the only movie company so far that puts out the best Horror Movies.Witchboard certainly stands the test of time great Movie.If anyone out there works for Anchor Bay or know someone who does tell them to try to get the rights of these Titles.1-Dolls2-Puppet Master 23-Spellcaster -LCB- with Adam Ant -RCB- 4-Dolly Dearest5-Demonic ToysThese movies need to come out on DVD Please ...
 this flick is 100 % for the children of the 80 's !!!!! i luv this flick ! though its not even close to the genius horror that KEVIN TENNEY brought us with `` NIGHT OF THE DEMONS '' it still is a good fun filled horror flick from the 80 's !!!! horror fanz do n't be afraid to spend $ $ $ $ $ on this flick!others may want to rent before buying !!! later on fellow horror fanz !!! E! !! N !!! J !!! O !!! Y !!!
 When I received this very quickly in the mail and it was like new ! The cover and the DVD looked brand new !
 Hubby loves this movie so when I got him the DVD he was happy to have it . I would definately buy from the seller again . The movie came before the due date and it was very much appreciated .
 I remember this movie . - It scared the hell each timeafter the flick is done and I get chills down my spinejust thinking this movie was really creepy . - I thinkthis movie was attendand as drive in B movies . - Insteadthey made this a world wide release and drive in 's . This is still great fun 80 's stuff and now thanks tooAnchor Bay . - DVD . - I finally get two relive this spinechilling supernatural nightmare and enjoy . - `` Witchboard . . `` as it was meant two be . . - Great 80s cast ; - even thoughthis was made for drive in 's and it thrives well whereever it pops up . - VHS or DVD . - Witchboard will enter arepassion threw decades too come.This movie begins with a party with Lindas boyfriend and Jimbeing total jerks after playing a ouja baord then LindaKitean starts using the board days on end and weirdthings begin too happen such as deaths . - One thing thatreally creeps me is David and his other visitor thatLinda has spoken too . - Even the wood pile death sceneand the lake scene is more creepy then . . `` The AmityvilleHorror . . '' - Or ; - `` Carrie . . `` Back then . - The movie it self looks like a 80 's slashericon like the Friday the 13th . - Evil Dead . . - Hellraiser . . Movies . - Back then . . This film may be pointless . . - Slow . . - But I just watchto entertain my self and once again let it scared thecrap out of me ; - again . . Avoid ; - Witchboard III . - But ; - like ; - Witchboard II : the Devil Doorway . -1993 . . Instead . .
 I got ta say I liked this one . A balance of everything
 because it was very scary . i would tell all my friends and family to buy it.right awaytoday this minute ok
 One of my favorite cheesy horror movies from the 80 's . So happy that it is finally available on DVD : - -RRB-
 Looking through my DVD collection , i have to say that Anchor Bay titles make up 50 % of it and they did it again with this cult classic!For people that did n't see the movie , it of course revolves around a ouija board -LRB- duh ! -RRB- and people start getting pocessed by it and well it 's pretty much predictable after that . The movie is not the scariest movie i 've seen but it has it 's moments , the acting is pretty decent and the story although again very predictable , still is entertaining.FUNNY STORY ... I remember when i was young , my brother after watching this movie went out and bought a Ouija board from Toys r us and it freaked me out so much that i burned it in the backyard , and while it was burning , i went to do something else , then came back and saw my parents trying to stop the fire that spread to the cabin ! Now , i knew it was not a demonic presence that made this happen but i still remember being punished , grounded and no tv or nintendo for a month . . should of blamed it on the devil!WHATEVER , JUST ENJOY THE MOVIE !!
 I first saw this movie in high school and it scared the crap out of me . It messed with my mind so much that I 'm embarrassed to admit I used a Ouija board alone -LRB- a big No No , according to this movie -RRB- just to see what would happen . Nothing happened , of course , but I had to check.Watching this years later , it did n't scare me , but I still found it entertaining to watch from start to finish . If you can get past the bad acting , the bad special effects and the really cheesy ending , this is a good one to check out .
 THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST HORROR MOVIES EVER !! I love the actors and wish Tawney Kittaen were in more movies , I love her as an actress !!!
 I saw this movie back in the eighties when it first came out on vhs tape . A few years ago I thought to look for it on dvd . I could not believe it was n't available ! I thought this was one of the best movies from my childhood ! Well since it has come out on dvd I have rewatched it . I 'll admit it was a lot more exciting the first time around . But it really was n't too bad the second time around either ! -LRB- some 15 years later ! -RRB- I LOVE !!! Tawny Kitaen !!!!! I always thought she was SOOOO GORGEOUS ! -LRB- And I still do ! -RRB- She is the beautiful sex kitten in many of the 80 's Whitesnake videos . -LRB- I 'd like to have those on dvd too ! -RRB- I think she was also in `` WKRP in Cincinatti '' but am not POSITIVE about that . At any rate the movie is worth watching for her alone . But the other actors are great as well . The psychic girl I realized was doctor Susan 's sister Chloe on the show E.R. and her ex-boyfriend in the movie played a character named `` Patch '' on `` Days of Our Lives '' . And he is HOT ! Well obviously the movie is about playing with a ouija -LRB- or `` witch '' -RRB- board . Linda -LRB- Tawny Kitaen 's character -RRB- starts playing with it a party one night for fun and ends up becoming addicted to it . Well a lot of bad things happen and we find out later on that she has n't been speaking with whom she thought she was through the board and she eventually becomes POSESSED . -LRB- I thought that was SO COOL when I was a kid ! -RRB- Well I ca n't tell you how it ends but some people die and well some do n't and to find out more you really should see it for yourself . I am adding this movie to my Christmas List for this year . It 's a cool movie . I give it 4 stars . Maybe 4.5 . BTW I DO believe that it is dangerous to play with ouija boards and I DO NOT RECCOMEND IT . I believe in the spirit world and I do n't think we should mess with it in this way . That is my belief anyway .
 I first saw this movie on cable years ago . It 's about a couple who move into a house where an evil spirit resides.The spirit is dormant until the female resident starts fooling around with a Ouija board .
 BETWEEN FRIENDS is a tough story told with unrelieved intensity , acted with underplayed angst , and directed with quiet strength by Eduardo Ponti . The `` Strangers '' are three unrelated women , each of whom has a burden that grows until it must be lifted.Mira Sorvino is a media photographer , daughter of Klaus Maria Brandauer -LRB- who has multiple awards for his own news photography , who has just had one of her images appear on TIME magazine - an image of a little girl from Angola who we gradually learn died in the fire Mira was photographing . She is haunted by the fact that the time she spent photographing the child could have been used to save the child 's life.Deborah Unger is a concert cellist whose wife-abusing father -LRB- Malcolm McDowell -RRB- is released from prison despite her conviction that he should die for his cruelty , forcing her to leave her own family in the attempt to end her father 's existence.Sophia Loren is a haggard housewife who has devoted her sad life to caring for her wheelchair-bound past athlete husband -LRB- Pete Postlethwaite -RRB- until she sees her illegitimate daughter she was forced to abandon becoming the sculptor artist she herself always wanted to be . Each of these women have visions of the same small girl at moments when they are forced to confront their pain and each finds a way back to salvation through ` living out a dream ' . Some may find the story saccharine , but the actors deliver these sad folk in such an honest way that together they manage to capture our hearts . It is a true pleasure to see Sophia Loren act again and even the makeup she dons for her dowdy role can not hide the fact that she remains one of the most beautiful women the screen has known - and one of the best actresses . All cast members are superb . Just be aware of the fact that this is a bleak story that requires much from the viewer . The rewards are worth it .
 Three stories leaded by women . Three solvent actresses will make the best she can to solve her ethical and problems . Three different occupations
 `` Between Strangers '' was an incredibly moving film , and I am glad to have had the opportunity to see it.Some people may not enjoy it because there is not an obviously to it , no real action . However , the stories of the three women that unfold are sad and dramatic and very touching . All the actors are incredible , from Sofia Loren down to Wendy Crewson .
 There are times when we do n't understand exactly what is happening in our lives.There is no secret recipe for a movie.Lucid , sensual , and gloriously schizophrenic.In fact , this movie , `` Between Stranges '' , with an idea in its head and a camera in its hand , enriched the speech of itself . `` A camera in your hand and an idea in your head '' was how film critic-turned-filmmaker Glauber Rocha characterized the creative conditions under which Brazil 's `` Cinema Novo '' -LRB- New Cinema -RRB- began.Americans do n't know how to make a good movie . PERIOD .
 My admiration of Sophia Loren borders on idolatry . Though she will not go down in history as one of our great actresses she was not bad in the movie.Eduardo Ponti made this movie with his mother in it and it is decisively a success . I loved the subtle play of relationships and experiences that are all too familiar to us . It is a lovely gentle movie in which the characters remains true to themselves and the story line is soft . I appreciate that the movie goer 's intellect are not doubted by spelling/blaring/yelling out the plot or clues . We are trusted to pick them up ourselves and interpret them as we wish.This movie is a true celebration of woman without needing to burn the bra .
 I could n't believe all the quite drama in every single character in this movie despite its slow pace !!!! It may take you awhile to get into it , someone may even find it boring ... but I ended up watching the whole thing even though I like faster paced movies . Made me think ... drama is crazy though , almost tears you up inside .
 It 's always a blast to see these guys messing around . I do n't even snowboard and I still love this show !
 Wonderful ! I love this movie and recently visited Europe ! It was comical with actual historical sights ! Just wonderful all the way around !
 I fell in love with this movie when I first saw it years ago , and still love it ! I am also a collector of all things Kevin Corcoran , so naturally , this movie was a must have .
 Having sailed as a young girl on the SS United States - I enjoyed watching this movie which some was filmed on this lovely ship , Besides that - the movie is such a fun , innocent , sweet story .
 An oldie but a goodie !! This movie is about Fred Macmuray taking his family on a cruise to France , but the real star of the movie is the Queen Mary ! The video of this classic cruiseliner is great !! You will love seeing the French Riviera and Fred even gets lost in the famous sewers of France !! A fun family movie ,5 stars !!
 i love that you have the older disney movies i grew up with . i share them with my children and grandchildren . also make the teens watch them on movie night at church .
 It was wonderful , I never thought that it would arrive sooner than I thought and the movie was awesome .
 The real star of this movie was the old ocean liner SS UNITED STATES . Parts of the film were shot aboard this great ship www.ssunitedstates.org . This is another Disney family film in the tradition of the Swiss Family Robinson & That Darn Cat . A bit dated for modern kiddies but this film was Disney 's most UNDER-RATED film .
 If the Great Recession has your family contemplating a stay-cation , you could do a lot worse than to include this movie as a vicarious escape . No horrible exchange rates , no jet lag , no language barriers , and no big bills . But a very pleasant time true to the Disney formula ... with a few surprising instances of envelope-pushing , at least for Disney of the early sixties.What other reviewers have n't noted is that this is one of Disney 's early attempts to broaden the Disney franchise to encompass a more `` adult '' audience . Hence , Fred MacMurray 's encounter with a prostitute -LRB- in which he nonetheless preaches midwestern American values -RRB- , Disney 's historic first-use of profanity -LRB- '' ... none of you know the first damn thing about love ! '' -RRB- , and a surprising quantity of booze -LRB- again , surprising for Disney of that era -RRB- . For Disney buffs who may recall how Walt once expressed frustration that he could n't make a film like Alfred Hitchcock , this movie is a very public reminder that there was a time when the classic Disney film franchise as we know it today , was not a foregone conclusion . The founder himself fostered hopes that things would turn out a little differently.As other reviewers have noted , it 's a bit on the long side , but my family never found its attention wandering . Yeah , if you 're looking to critique a movie , it could be shorter and it could have benefited from a rewrite . But if you 're just looking to enjoy an old family-friendly Disney film , you probably wo n't be disappointed . And when it 's all over , you 'll probably end up muttering something about how it 's better than most most movies or TV shows made these days .
 I love the old movies and Fred McMurray so I enjoyed this though I do think it was longer than it needed to be . I love him lost underground . If you are not into old movies and Disney flicks you probably wo n't enjoy this .
 BEHIND THE SCENES & TRIVIA
 BON VOYAGE is a solid Disney comedy , with Fred MacMurray and Jane Wyman offering their usual strong performances . However , the movie is long and quite laborous , clocking in at almost two-and-a-half hours . A movie like this could easily be told in 90 minutes.MacMurray and Wyman play Henry and Katie , a middle-class couple on a whirlwind tour of Europe with their three children -LRB- Tommy Kirk , Deborah Walley and Kevin Corcoran -RRB- . This movie features some beautiful cinematography and breezy musical score , and was perhaps an attempt by Disney to step into a more adult-oriented market -LRB- the running time alone makes the film a trial for children -RRB- . In any event , the film did poorly at the box office and Disney returned to it 's usual product.The DVD is in ghastly fullscreen , but let 's not carp . BON VOYAGE is a fine if overlong comedy , with great performances from Deborah Walley and Michael Callan.Also starring Jessie Royce Landis , Georgette Anys and Ivan Desny . Directed by James Neilson . No extras .
 Loved this video . I was impressed with the various approaches to livingin subterranean environments . A great way to live . especially consideringthe high cost of energy .
 Ridden is a really good independent film from Dallas filmmaker R. Scott Gully . Despite being a little over 30 minutes long , the movie is full of suspense and a smart twist . I 've seen many independent first effort short films and student short films , Ridden rises above them all with it 's clever plot . Do n't expect a big-budget , Hollywood flick when you buy this , but do expect a great short film with all the right ingredients for a thought provoking suspense . You wo n't be disappointed !
 The Affairs of Anatol , although concerned with adultery , is really quite a moral film . Anatol de Witt Spencer has the best of intentions with regard to the three women , other than his wife , who he is involved with . His affairs , at least in terms of what is seen , do n't amount to more than a lustful look and a kiss . Nevertheless the film depicts a world which Hollywood would soon be unable to show . Later censorship would not allow a character called Satan Synne who is obviously a prostitute and it certainly would not allow us to see her invite Anatol into her bedroom.The episode concerning Satan Synne is the best of the film . This is partly because she is played by Bebe Daniels . Anyone who has seen 42nd Street will recognise Daniels as the star who sprains her ankle . She was an important silent actress and her beauty allows her to convincingly portray a temptress known as ` The wickedest woman in New York . ' Satan Synne is a wonderful character and fascinating not because of her supposed wickedness , but because Demille shows her in such a sympathetic light . Thus although Demille 's film is moral it does not moralize . It does not condemn the world it shows.The film , as a whole , is entertaining and very interesting , but it does not quite attain greatness . Anatol comes across as just a little too nave to be completely believable , while his wife , played by Gloria Swanson , lacks understanding and is seen to be simply spiteful . The viewer is left wondering what her problem is , and thus at times her actions lack motivation and justification . This means that she is a less sympathetic character than she ought to be.The Affairs of Anatol is a good film , but one of the main reasons to see it is that the print presented on the DVD is quite superb . It is unusual to see a print which shows such elaborate colouring techniques . Not only are there a large number of tinted scenes , but also at times the print has been coloured in such a way that different parts of the negative show different colours . Furthermore , the titles are inventive with coloured drawings and even on occasion animated scenes . The spectacle of the film is thus heightened and the viewing experience becomes unforgettable.Silent films are often shown in black and white even when they were originally coloured . It is rare indeed to see a film which shows the variety of colouring techniques which existed in the silent era . It is for this reason that The Affairs of Anatol should be added to any silent film fan 's collection .
 This film has a lot going for it , even though it 's more like fun entertainment as opposed to a heavy classic masterpiece . It was directed by Cecil B. DeMille , whom most people either love or hate . Though he 's largely remembered today for his religious epics , this film is the type of picture he did more of . It still has the feel of a morality play , but overall it 's not as heavy-handed as the type of DeMille picture most people associate him with . The print is also beautiful , with a lot of tinted and hand-colored title cards , complete with lovely drawings and ornate letters , tinted scenes , and even one scene towards the end that appears to be in very early Technicolor . Another thing it has going for it is that it has a number of big-name stars ; some movies with star-studded casts seem more interested in parading out these big names than on delivering a well-developed storyline , but here there 's no sense of being bogged down by a lot of big stars . We have the handsome and ill-fated Wallace Reid in the title role of Anatol DeWitt Spencer , the glamourous Gloria Swanson as his newlywed wife Vivian , the charming Bebe Daniels as the tempting Satan Synne , Agnes Ayres -LRB- once a big-name star but largely forgotten today -RRB- as Annie Elliott , and even the legendary Russian ballet dancer Theodore Kosloff -LRB- n&eacute; Fyodor Koslov -RRB- as an Indian hypnotist . -LRB- Interestingly , he 's billed as a `` Hindu , '' even though his character 's surname is Singh , which as most people should know is a Sikh , not a Hindu , surname . -RRB- Anatol and Vivian are happy newlyweds who are still enjoying the honeymoon phase of their marriage , although Vivian is quite displeased at Anatol 's habit of trying to reform what he sees as wicked women . One of these women is his childhood sweetheart Emilie , whom he moves into their house after telling her sugar daddy that he wo n't have her to exploit and take advantage of anymore . However , as time wears on Emilie gets tired of the straight and narrow path Anatol wants her to be on , and goes back to her life as a kept woman . Anatol feels furious that he was tricked into thinking she wanted to change , and decides he and Vivian will go on a trip to the countryside , where people are still honest , moral , and kind . However , they are n't there very long when he finds himself tricked and taken advantage of by a woman yet again , and by the type of woman he never suspected would be as crafty and scheming as her big-city counterparts . However , Vivian sees him in what she interprets as a compromsing position with this woman , and goes home alone . This sets in motion a chain of events that eventually leads Anatol to the home of Satan Synne , who is not all she seems to be on first glance . Since he caused the problems in his marriage in the first place , however unthinkingly , he must be the one who rights them too . This leads to an interesting d&eacute;nouement .
 Cecil B DeMille was already an accomplished and respected director and producer when `` The Affairs of Anatol '' was made in 1921 , and this film is a good example of the changes he kept making in order to please the viewing audience . After an artistic and intelligent drama like `` The Whispering Chorus '' in 1918 which was a box office flop , DeMille changed tack and used the tools that were drawing audiences and making profit . That meant big name stars of that time such as Wallace Reid and Gloria Swanson , as well as over-the-top visually exotic sets and costumes , sexual innuendos , extravagance , melodrama balanced with a hint of comedy and then a few extra Cecil B DeMille touches . `` The Affairs of Anatol '' has it all
 This collection is one of my prides . I bought it a few months ago and I am slowly going through the films . These are remarkable films . I had no idea that CB 's career went back so far . I prefer his silents now to almost all of his sound films . Each film at least worth a look ; there are more than just a few masterpiece . Stands include Volga Boatman starring William Boyd , The Whispering Chorus with Raymond Hatton , Carmen and Joan the Woman with opera diva Geraldine Farrar . As much as I love Mary Pickford her two films with CB are arguably the weakest of the lot , and they are pretty good , especially the Little American ; as are Gloria Swanson 's CB films , but it is interesting to see her in comedies.Even if you are not into silent films , I believe this is a great collection to start with.For a budget DVD collection , I really could n't be happier . The film prints are really clean . I appreciate the work that passport dvd did with the music . Yes , it probably would have been better for them to hire a piano or organ player to accompany the films , but the option they took was to use some really interesting instrumental music . I 'm sure a lot of people will be annoyed that the music gets used in pretty much every film . Sometimes it works quite brilliantly and sometimes it does n't really match up . I know that 's going to sour a lot people on this collection . But for me , I actually enjoyed hearing the same music in all the films , kind of like hearing your favorite tv theme from your favorite show every week . So personally , I really like the music they have chosen to use in the films although an original piano or organ score would have been preferable.All in all , Passport DVD 's production of this set is a wonderful addition to my collection !! Grab it whilst you can . And if you really like one of the films , you can `` upgrade '' to one of the other major video companies . I 'd like to do that with Volga Boatman one day .
 For those who are interested , here are the contents of this set : Disc OneThe Squaw Man -LRB- 1914 -RRB- - A British captain -LRB- Dustin Farnum , recreating his stage role -RRB- comes to America and settles out West with an Indian girl -LRB- played by a Winnebago Indian woman named Princess Red Wing -RRB- . DeMille 's first film and one of the first features ever produced . Cecil himself appears as the Faro dealer . 74 mins.The Virginian -LRB- 1914 -RRB- - A cowboy -LRB- Dustin Farnum of The Squaw Man -RRB- must save his friend from the hangman 's noose by exposing the real bad guy -LRB- Billy Elmer of Kitty Foyle -RRB- before he can get the girl -LRB- Farnum 's future wife , Winifred Kingston -RRB- . 50 mins.Carmen -LRB- 1915 -RRB- - Based on the same novel that inspired Bizet 's opera , the story concerns a poor cigarette girl -LRB- Metropolitan opera star Geraldine Farrar -RRB- who falls for a bullfighter -LRB- Pedro de Cordoba of The Ghost Breakers -RRB- , driving her jealous guardian -LRB- the doomed Wallace Reid -RRB- to murder . 56:30 mins.The Cheat -LRB- 1915 -RRB- - Powerful melodrama about a two-timing wife -LRB- Broadway star Fanny Ward in her screen debut -RRB- who hooks up with a wealthy - and sadistic - Japanese ivory baron -LRB- Sessue Hayakawa of The Bridge on the River Kwai -RRB- . 59 mins.Disc TwoJoan the Woman -LRB- 1916 -RRB- - A soldier in World War I -LRB- Wallace Reid of The Affairs of Anatol -RRB- uncovers Joan of Arc 's sword , leading to her appearance -LRB- Geraldine Farrar of Carmen -RRB- in a vision and the telling of her life story . 133 mins.The Romance of the Redwoods -LRB- 1917 -RRB- - A naive New England girl -LRB- the legendary Mary Pickford -RRB- moves out West and winds up falling for a stagecoach robber -LRB- Elliott Dexter of The Affairs of Anatol -RRB- . 90 mins.The Little American -LRB- 1917 -RRB- - Once again , the great Mary Pickford stars , this time as a young girl who finds herself pursued by a German-American -LRB- Jack Holt of San Francisco -RRB- and a French-American -LRB- Western star , Raymond Hatton -RRB- during World War One , leading to international intrigue . 65 mins.Disc ThreeOld Wives for New -LRB- 1918 -RRB- - An unhappy husband -LRB- Elliott Dexter of The Romance of the Redwoods -RRB- leaves his lazy wife -LRB- Sylvia Ashton of Greed -RRB- for a younger woman -LRB- King Vidor 's wife , Florence -RRB- who turns out to be involved in a murder ! 71:30 mins.The Whispering Chorus -LRB- 1918 -RRB- - An embezzler -LRB- Raymond Hatton of The Little American -RRB- assumes the identity of a dead man - but winds up being arrested for having murdered himself ! Noah Beery Sr. -LRB- The Mark of Zorro -RRB- appears as a longshoreman . 81 mins.Don ' t Change Your Husband -LRB- 1918 -RRB- - A DeMille comedy with Gloria Swanson as a frustrated housewife who divorces her slob of a husband -LRB- Elliott Dexter of Flaming Youth -RRB- and marries another -LRB- Lew Cody of Dishonored -RRB- , only to find she 's gone from the frying pan into the fire . 79 mins.Male and Female -LRB- 1919 -RRB- - Turning from comedy to a DeMille drama , Gloria Swanson is a spoiled rich girl who learns about the qualities that really matter when she 's shipwrecked with her resourceful butler -LRB- Thomas Meighan of The Miracle Man -RRB- . 115 mins.Disc FourWhy Change Your Wife ? -LRB- 1920 -RRB- - Another comedy in which Gloria Swanson - in a variation of Do n't Change Your Husband - is the wife who is divorced by her frustrated husband -LRB- Thomas Meighan again -RRB- after he meets the lovely Bebe Daniels -LRB- 42nd Street -RRB- . 91 mins.The Affairs of Anatol -LRB- 1921 -RRB- - This time , both husband and wife are two-timing each other in this DeMille comedy that features the ill-fated Wallace Reid -LRB- who had little more than a year to live -RRB- and , once again , Bebe Daniels . 117 mins.Manslaughter -LRB- 1922 -RRB- - A thrill-seeking society girl -LRB- John Gilbert 's wife , Leatrice Joy -RRB- causes the death of a motorcycle cop -LRB- Jack Mower of Dark Victory -RRB- and winds up sent to prison by her prosecutor-fianc &eacute; -LRB- once again , Thomas Meighan -RRB- who later descends into alcoholism . 100 mins.Disc FiveThe Road to Yesterday -LRB- 1925 -RRB- - A frustrated wife -LRB- Jetta Goudal of The Cardboard Lover -RRB- realizes the reason she 's sexually dysfunctional with her husband -LRB- Joseph Schildkraut of The Life of Emile Zola -RRB- is that in an earlier life , during the reign of Elizabeth I , she was a gypsy who was burned at the stake . Future Hopalong Cassidy William Boyd is a supporting player . 107 mins.The Volga Boatman -LRB- 1926 -RRB- - A Russian Revolution tale concerning a princess -LRB- Elinor Fair of The Miracle Man -RRB- who is engaged to a prince -LRB- Victor Varconi of The King of Kings -RRB- , but falls in love with a peasant -LRB- once again , William Boyd -RRB- . Boyd 's marriage proposal in the film became his actual proposal to future wife , Fair ! 120 mins.BONUS FEATURESMiss Lulu Bett -LRB- 1921 -RRB- - Cecil B. DeMille 's brother , William , directed this powerful drama , based on the Pulitzer-Prize-winning play about a young woman -LRB- Lois Wilson of Bright Eyes -RRB- who discovers that she 's married to a man -LRB- Clarence Burton of The King of Kings -RRB- who is already married . 71 mins . -LRB- Wm -RRB- DeMille NewsreelsInterviews With : Charlton HestonJohn HartA.C . LylesApprox . Running Time
 Directed by the immortal CECIL B. DeMILLE ! Starring the dazzling GLORIA SWANSON ! A tawdry little tale of the JAZZ AGE ! Swanson plays Vivian , the wife of Anatol DeWitt Spencer , played by WALLACE REID ! They are a young married couple who end up CHANGING their HEARTS along with their PARNTERS once they are seduced by the DECADENT PLEASURES of New York City ! Featuring BEBA DANIELS as the wickedest woman in the Big Apple , Satan Synne ! The story might not be much but the COSTUMES and the SETS are pure DEMILLE ! `` The Affairs of Anatol '' is based on a novel and play by Arthur Schnitzler ! In DeMille 's hands it becuase a SOPHISTICATED FARCE ! This SILENT film is presented with its original COLOR TINTING ! This would be a good one to check out before watching GLORIA in `` Sunset Blvd '' !
 This movie is great . It has the absolutely most beautiful sets and costumes . This movie is what introduced me to Erte , and I am glad , because I 'm a girl -LRB- yes , I like silents , no fooling -RRB- who hopes to be a desiginer some day . Erte 's fashions are beautiful . Bebe Daniels 's outfit in one scene looks like a very expensive velvet octopus . The plot is this
 Quite a unique film with all it 's various coloring tones and changes . Not a perfect print , but overall quite nice .
 I BOUGHT IT TO SEE WALLACE REID IN ACTION . HE REALLY WAS A TRUE ENTERTAINER !
 This is a great set for any demille , or silent film fan ! An amazing amount of films for the price of one film in many cases . Most of the films on this set are derived from very good above average public domain prints . All have new music scores that are not bad , and most importantly they sound great ! You can tell by the sound quality that they are new . Also , there are no pop-up logos on this set . All in all a great set for any silent film fan .
 I just got this and have only watched the first four movies so far -- `` Squaw Man '' through `` the Cheat '' . Very interesting , with excellent picture quality for the money.The distributor has apparently used , and apparently legally , some other company 's cleanup of some of these films . These versions have been available from another distributor for # 15 - $ 25 per film for 2-4 years , depending on the film . It 's safe to assume that most of the people who are going to buy at that price have done so . I see nothing wrong with this new affordable release . This can only help to support the silent film tradition and broaden the fan base , which will in turn help original restoration work on other films in the future .
 CB DeMille hit pay dirt as far as I am concerned with this one . It is a soap opera and as soap operas go a very good one . I still in my young mind can not phatom how Gloria Swanson became such a big star under the tuotoship of CB . She is a OK actress though much better than in shifting sands -LRB- 1918 -RRB- This will appeal to you if you want to see what a young Gloria looked like before Sunset Blvd. . But I wish someone would tell me what was her magnetism . I still prefer Pola Negri to her any ole time
 This film was exceptional . Calvin Marshall , who is played by actor Alex Frost is a really special character . His endurance and perseverance are unequaled . This film highlights the dedication that many people have in order to achieve their goals . Calvin Marshall is a prime example of someone who is willing to put in a great deal of time and effort in order to fulfill his dreams . Most of all , this is a very accurate depiction of a college junior . Dealing with his lack of talent in baseball as well as a blossoming love life , we see Calvin struggle with the typical issues that most college students deal with . He is positive throughout it , though , and his story is a great one for everyone to see play out . Calvin may be given some false hope by his coach who refuses to cut him , but it only causes him to work more.Eventually , the truth catches up to Calvin and he has to come to terms with who he really is and what his future holds . By facing failure and overcoming disappointment , he is awakened to the reality that choosing a new and more fitting dream to follow is the most difficult , but ultimately most rewarding , part of the journey . This is a great film if you 're looking for an inspirational story that is not sugar-coated .
 Calvin Marshall is an enchanting , entertaining , evocative , exceptional coming-of-age baseball story that shines a spotlight on small-town life and the death of dreams . My favorite scene is the softball scene near the end . It authentically captures the joy and camaraderie of belonging to such a team . The mellow soundtrack adds to the charm . Rated R for the cynical , dejected coach 's expletives and for brief sexuality .
 I came across this movie in search of movies to help get my baseball fix during the offseason and was pleasantly surprised . Calvin Marshall is about baseball and romance in a small junior college town with Calvin 's passion for the game at center focus . One of the best things about this film is the duality of the main characters . Calvin Marshall is a square , but exudes charisma . He 's also a lousy baseball player , but a softball legend . Tori Jensen is a dominant volleyball player , yet very tender within . Coach Little is a foul-mouthed grinder with a soft heart . The chemistry between the characters is there , and there 's no question that director Gary Lundgren nailed it so between Calvin -LRB- Alex Frost -RRB- and Tori -LRB- Michelle Lombardo -RRB- . This movie spoke to me as one of many who will never know what it 's like to play professional ball , yet holds a strong passion for the game . I kinda felt like I was living vicariously thru Calvin as he did all his workouts , booted all those grounders and hammered those softballs . Steve Zahn was very convincing as Coach Little , barking off commands with authority , but also tiptoeing thru his relationship with Calvin . This film does a great job of taking you on an emotional rollercoaster while looking at the flaws and strengths of our humanity . The cinematography is well-done with wonderfully shot perspectives and terrific use of color . The soundtrack lent itself to that mellow , introspective tone . If I had to compare it with a TV show , ` Ed ' would probably be the closest in terms of the overall feel . It 's hard to think of another great , feel-good baseball movie like this , which makes Calvin Marshall a classic , IMO .
 Calvin Marshall is a charming , funny , independent feature written and directed by Gary Lundgren . I agree with others that this is the best performance of Steve Zahn 's career . Absolutely love the soundtrack scored by John Askew and featuring wonderful indie music talent
 This film is the Indie equivalent of Calvin Marshall himself - Understated , flying beneath the radar , and possessing strengths and charms big budget pictures often dream about but hardly ever realize . The triumphs of this film were considerable , and its flaws miniscule.The acting was well done -LRB- if a bit volcanic by Steve Zahn -RRB- but hit most of the right shades and tones . Whenever the film wandered perilously close to maudlin self absorption and cloying sentimentality , it recovered with the help of deft comic timing.The baseball was believable and well photographed and staged , and relationships true and conceptually understandable . The only misstep in my mind was the inevitable-ish pairing of the Doug and Tori characters . It was as if the screenwriters decided that level of tension was required to elicit more passion from the title character . Calvin 's aggression towards Coach Little became an overplayed caricature - both unnecessary and infantile . The coach 's womanizing and drinking was also exaggerated to the point of excess but never strayed over the line.Aside from some occasionally -LRB- and hilariously -RRB- profane dialog , it 's a story that appeals to all ages . There is true chemistry between Coach and Calvin . Michelle Lombardo -LRB- as Tori -RRB- vacillates between coquettish post teen shallowness and absorbing angst -LRB- the scene with her mother -RRB- . `` Calvin Marshall '' was a special experience and much more than a mere `` baseball flick '' .
 I love this movie ! Ca n't recommend it enough - beautifully rendered , artfully crafted , and the perfect balance of comedy and bittersweet - far better than anything spoon fed out of Hollywood.And you do n't have to take my word for it ... `` Lundgren 's screenplay beautifully juggles the story 's alternately comic and poignant elements and renders all three main characters with surprising depth . '' Hollywood Reporter `` Lundgren has a light touch and a weakness for wistful indie lullabies ; it is the former that gives this classic coming-of-age film its distinctive ring . '' - Village Voice.Check it out .
 In light of Between De Lions ' great review , and as mine is the 2nd review , I 'll be short and sweet.Firslty , this film should have been called `` I 'll Be Damned If I Touch That Thing '' . To my everlasting shame , I was not much acquainted with the relatively young nation of Turkmenistan , other than being relieved , when I first saw it on a map near Iran , that they did n't name it Kraplakistan . They might as well have , but ... the now-defunct dictator of Turkmenistan -LRB- `` President '' Saparmurat Niyazov -RRB- wrote a book , now regarded -LRB- government-forced -RRB- as something like a new Qu'uran . The Turkmens must read and study this silly , idiotic book if they want to go to school , get a driver 's license , or live at all . Right out of the Bible , this one , a real 666-type deal . And the satanic dictator looked like a fat little Saddam Hussein . He did try to get his hair to look a bit like Hitler , whom I 'm sure he admired.When the great dictator died , he made sure his mantle passed to a greasy , fat little look-alike -LRB- `` President '' Gurbanguly Berdimuhammedow -RRB- who is not only devoted to the holy book -- he 's doing his own Part Two.But this seeming malapropos joke is not the main subject of the documentary , believe it or not.As the preceding review tells , the corporations anxious to get into Turkmenistan have to swear allegiance to the holy book and promise to translate and distribute it . -LRB- Turkmenistan is a good strategic spot , and where the oil is , hence that is where the money is -RRB- . If you want to know why Bush took us into Iraq , this film might help you understand.I am very acquainted with John Deere & Company , and have been to the site where he originally built his first factory . John Deere and its trademark green always represented a part of America to me . But I also know they are all cold-blooded executroids -LRB- my term , but you know what I mean -RRB- . It disgusted me to see them in Turkmenistan , paying allegiance to the book.My gosh , if you are afraid of the so called anti-Christ , or the `` End Times '' , or the Book of Revelations , or just plain sick of a-hole dictators running our corporations ... see this movie ! It may cause you to chuckle at first ... Apparently I must explain the following very carefully
 Those freaking ` Stans are going to be a huge thorn in our side in the coming years . This brief film is just foreshadowing > Turkmenistan neighbors Iran and has a coastline . There is no way it is going to be ignored by evil warmongers playing all the angles from feeding the status quo by funneling bribes through purchases of the fake bible of and subsidizing Austrian-based -LRB- are n't they all ? -RRB- human rights activists who look like -LRB- 1 -RRB- Germanic hybrids and -LRB- 2 -RRB- strangely manicured humanoid versions of THE LAST AIRBENDER . I recommend watching this documentary to everyone . I wish I could conduct a survey to find whether alarm bells ring the loudest when the father-son Airbenders show up on screen more than at any other time during the documentary .
 Ok the movie is excelent everybody is taking cocaine all the time . The girls are hoot and have good asses ... . well the end is not that good cause everybody runs out of cocaine and they kill each other ... . u know
 There are certain people who love and collect these government sponsored movies from the 1930 's . ` Reefer Madness ' is the most famous of these ridiculous pictires , but there are other very good ones , Cocaine Fiends is one of them . All the plots in these movies are the same . A good person -LRB- usually a young female -RRB- is steered off the wayward path by a slick talking hustler with drugs to sell.In Cocaine Fiends a young girl who runs a restaurant with her mother makes the mistake of hiding a ` dope peddler ' from federal agents after a car chase . He offers her some ` headache powder ' after the coast is clear . Next thing you know he 's telling her she needs to be in the big city and can be in a show . Well her life goes pretty much downhill from there after she becomes a full blown cokehead.These films are enjoyable for me . I find it odd how the ` Good ol' days ' and ` Those Simple Times of Yesteryear ' , were as dangerous and decadant as today .
 `` The Cocaine Fiends '' -LRB- aka `` The Pace That Kills '' -RRB- is a fairly average exploitation film that depicts the dangers of drug abuse as they were seen back in the 1930s . Although this film must have had some impact at the time it was released , people are correct to notice that this film is rather mild by today 's standards . For example , we never see anyone -- not anyone -- in the film actually using cocaine or any other drug although we do see people having a few drinks in a nightclub here and there . In addition , the plot moves along pretty well and the casting was great -- the acting was considerably better than I expected for this motion picture . The cinematography is average and the print is in need of a full restoration.When the action starts , drug pusher Nick -LRB- Noel Madison -RRB- hides out in a small town country diner run by Jane Bradford -LRB- Lois January -RRB- and her mother . Nick gives Jane some cocaine as `` headache powder '' to help her relieve a stress headache ; and then it is n't long before he sweet-talks Jane into coming to the big city with him , all the while helping Jane to more and more `` headache powder . '' Jane goes with him and is horrified when she finds out that she 's been using `` dope ; '' but it 's too late as Jane is hooked . Jane even changes her name ; she now goes by `` Lil '' to avoid anyone tracing her back to her roots in the country where she feels she would be a disgrace to her mother . Jane even denies her own identity when she runs into her brother Eddie -LRB- Dean Benton -RRB- at a nightclub in the city ; Eddie came there to find Jane but Jane is n't about to return home.Meanwhile , we see the incredibly bad effects of cocaine on all the young people who start taking it -- there 's Eddie and his addicted girlfriend Fanny -LRB- Sheila Bromley -RRB- who will do anything for Eddie even though Fanny knows he does n't really love her . We see even more of the bad side of city life in the seedy and drug lord operated Dead Rat Caf&eacute; with its wallpaper that actually has drawings of dead rats on it!There are also great performances by Lois Lindsay as Dorothy Farley , daughter of the wealthy Mr. Farley -LRB- Frank Shannon -RRB- ; and Marin Sais does a great job of playing Jane and Eddie 's mother , Mrs. Bradford.Despite some very good acting , The Cocaine Fiends is very dated although sadly the message about the dangers of drugs still needs to get out . Drugs are a real problem in our society ; but the ways we deal with the problem have changed somewhat with time . For example , pictures like this one would never even make it to the big screen in our day ; this film is extremely dated and it 's probably too tame in many ways . However , if you enjoy exploitation films with moralistic messages from the early decades of the 20th century , you would do well to get this film .
 Jane Bradford is a small town girl lured into a life of big city vice by dope dealing mobster Nick . Jane 's brother Eddie comes to the city to look for her . But soon he too is seduced into drug use by his coke sniffing girlfriend Fanny . A third subplot involves a rich party girl named Dorothy who likes to hang with the bad boys at the Dead Rat Cafe . In the end , Nick `` gets his '' though what happens to Jane and Eddie is left up in the air.This drug related exploitation film differs from `` Reefer Madness '' in many aspects . For one , the potential perils of cocaine use , such as addiction , job loss and financial downturn , are depicted somewhat more realistically though still melodramatically . What makes `` Reefer Madness '' so hilarious is how it exagerrates the effects of weed on human behavior to the point of absurdity . But here coke is shown only to cause a rapid , intensely pleasurable high that , at first , seems relatively harmless . The negative effects are shown to be related to addiction and social stigma rather than how it makes a person behave . The result is that the movie is less funny and perhaps less entertaining , but generally more realistic.Of course , the acting , editing , script and overall film quality is laughable , as is typical of the exploitation films of the era . But I liked how the movie touched on controversial themes such as the gap between rich and poor , the dangers of illegal abortion and the double standards for men and women . It 's an interesting social artifact and fans of the genre will likely appreciate it .
 This flick was a decent attempt for a low budget film . The acting was bad but not terrible . Interesting to me was that they would n't show anyone actually snorting the drug . They would pan away when someone was taking a snort . I guess they did n't want younger viewers to learn anything about the How-To part of doing drugs . The ending left a lot of loose ends dangling but whatcha gon na do ?
 I was fascinated by this low-budget effort to portray a story in which the usual innocents are lured into a life of depravity and drug addiction . My Alpha copy was often so scarred and battered and dark that it actually enhanced the ambiance of dreary hopeliness for the main characters . A game cast tries to buoy this effort up despite the low-budget sets and budget . The best scenes are shot at the Dead Rat Bar where we 're entertained by two long-gone and forgotten vocalists who were probably on the fringes of Hollywood anyway . Another good sequence is the Opium Den where a drug-crazed sister finds her drug-crazed brother who , like her , has become `` a hop-head . '' The performers do an outstanding job trying to delineate their roles and the passage of nearly 70 years makes you wonder whatever became of them and the making of this film . For instance , how were they chosen to be in the cast , who did their wardrobes , what did they discuss between scenes , what did they do after work ? This movie follows the tradition of `` Reefer Madness '' and `` Marijuana '' , providing us with a glimpse of what our great-grandparents may have watched at the Bijou during those early days of the 30s .
 I am always facinated with horror/gothic movies . I saw this movie when I was very young and being that young I did not fully understand it.I did not remember who portrade the doctor , I thought it was Victor Jory , now I know for sure.Thank You ; Gerard
 After TRIP TO THE MOON -LRB- 1902 -RRB- , only HIMMELSKIBET -LRB- 1918 -RRB- and FRAU IM MOND -LRB- 1928 -RRB- are the only titles , along with AELITA -LRB- 1924 -RRB- in the silent science fiction section of my video library.Aelita -LRB- Yuliya Solntseva -RRB- is a Frida Kahlo-like queen from Mars with unibrow and spectacular costumes ! I am not sure she had 4 breasts , but one of the outfits did actually have 4 cups . Maybe we 'll never know if martians actually exist or if they practice monarchy ... According to what I see , martian women dress in elaborate and complicated gear , not friendly to use in daily life -LRB- designer Aleksandra Ekster -RRB- and the same go to buildings and other landscapes . I can not picture 3 or 4 women together inside an elevator with those headdresses , they could end up injured!I am sure this futuristic movie influenced other like METROPOLIS , FLASH GORDON , and who knows , maybe even TRON 's costumes ... I liked the segments that took place on Mars over all , and not so much the ones on earth ... with the situation in Russia and all that .
 While Aelita is considered one of the first science fiction films , the story focuses on the daily lives of several people after the Russian Revolution and is more of a propaganda film of sorts . The story revolves around a young scientist Los -LRB- Nikolai Tsereteli -RRB- and his wife Natasha -LRB- Valentina Kuindzhi -RRB- who symbolizes the new Russia . Each works hard in their respective government jobs although Natasha appears to see more of the hunger , homelessness and fear in the aftermath of the war . The characters of Ehrlich -LRB- Pavel Pol -RRB- and Yelena -LRB- N. Tretyakova -RRB- are diametrically opposed to the main characters and characterize the old bourgeoisie Russia , clinging to wealth even if they have to steal it from the `` common man '' . The `` good communist '' , common man is represented by the Red Army soldier Gussev -LRB- Nikolai Batalov -RRB- who is recovering from his wounds in a local hospital making the most of things and often portrayed singing with a guitar in hand and a smile on his face.While Los seems happy in his life reconstructing Russia , he dreams of visiting Mars and has long been assembling plans for a spaceship . Through his daydreams the audience is introduced to life on Mars where the working class is enslaved by a monarchy ruled by the King of Mars , Tuskub -LRB- Konstantin Eggert -RRB- . His Queen , Aelita -LRB- Yuliya Solntseva -RRB- , is unhappy with him keeping secrets from her , the biggest of which is a new telescope that allows the King to view distant life . With the help of the energy guardian , Gor -LRB- Yuri Zavadsky -RRB- , Aeilta gains access to the telescope and begins to fall in love with Los and his way of life.When Los receives a cryptic message at the station where he works , it forces him to move up his plans for space travel . As with most tales of alien expeditions , Los and his fellow travelers are in for more than they bargained for when they arrive on Mars . Aelita convinces Los and the others to help her in creating a slave uprising -LRB- perhaps the most propagandist element of the film in forming the Socialist Republics of Mars -RRB- . But all is not as it seems and Aelita hides a secret that Los could never imagine.The sets and cinematography are cutting edge for their time as well as the mere idea of Mars travel . The only negative aspect of the film is that it seems somewhat disjointed at times and the cut scenes are more to what is happening rather than actual dialogue as in later silent films . Also , the musical score on the DVD is not as good as in some other films making it somewhat tedious to watch . Sifting through the communist components of the script may be difficult at times but Aelita is a must see for sci-fi film enthusiasts .
 I ran across this title while researching attempts to receive signals from Mars by our military in the mid-1920 's . A VHS tape copy of `` Aelita-Queen of Mars '' was available for a reasonable price , so my curiousity got the best of me and I ordered it from a reliable Amazon vendor in Florida.The film is not too difficult to follow if one recognizes the political situation in early 1920 's Russia . There is much social turmoil as people recover from the effects of the Revolution and war with the Whites . A prominent engineer and his wife must take in boarders , one of which is a greasy scoundrel who is an opportunist greedy for money , position , and the engineer 's wife.Meanwhile , the Martians have built a `` viewer '' that can see the activities on earth . Aelita , the unhappy Queen , sees the handsome engineer on her screen who coincidently has a plan to build a space vehicle to travel to Mars . At this point , it is easy to see the influence of Edgar Rice Burroughs ' Mars series on the writers for this film . I was impressed by the outrageous costumes and imaginative sets which were echoed in the Flash Gordon serials of the 1930 's . Regretfully , this film was an obvious propaganda vehicle for the Communists and the characters reflect the stereotypical cast in Orwell 's `` 1984 . '' Even so , I actually enjoyed the whole thing including the surprise ending . My favorite character was the handmaiden of Aelita who hoofed her way through many of the sequences with overly-dramatic exhuberance . Enjoy !
 It 's a work of totally visionary science fiction from an utterly vanished revolutionary Soviet Constructivist world . Which is weirder
 Surprisingly watchable , for a silent film , and very well preserved . The Constructivist sets and costumes are amazing , a revolutionary art style before the later supression of expression and innovation in the Soviet Union -LRB- this film was later banned by Stalinist critics -RRB- . Even the images of life on Earth , in the early days of that nation , are quite interesting .
 After leaving the hall of cinema , I asked to myself how could this movie to surmount the ideological prejudices and brutal censure , if presumably did n't count with a kind overlook by part of adverse enemies of the regime . Because the whole contain of the underneath message was terribly mordacious.An engineer decides to design a spaceship to try to find in Mars the woman of his dreams . Until now everything s works ; but when he arrives to the red planet he finds a Proletarian upraising . This film not only inspired the genial mind of Fritz Lang but since its release has been an portentous document in the history of cinema.This smart collection of elements
 MAIN PLOT POINTS -- The story opens at a radio monitoring station which receives a mysterious message from outer space . In a cubist-like Martian palace , Queen Aelita watches with fascination the alien activities of Earth . She sees the struggling masses and becomes fixated upon a scientist named Los who dreams of building an interplanetary spacecraft.The Russian portion of this movie has a few subplots that weave loosely around the main issue of Los 's suspicions of his wife Natasha 's infidelities with an unctuous boarder . His seething anger compels Los to shoot his spouse . He then dons a disguise and builds the rocket -LRB- the interior of which looks like a boiler room -- we never do see the outside -RRB- . Los lifts off for Mars along with a bored ex-cavalryman volunteer -LRB- Gusev -RRB- and a stowaway wannabe detective -LRB- Kravtsov -RRB- , the movie 's bumbling comic relief.The three Earthlings land safely , and for Los and Aelita , it 's love at first sight . While they dally , the amateur sleuth petitions for the seizure of Los , who is now Aelita 's consort . There 's a coup against Los and Aelita , who in an effort to save herself , exhorts the many Martian slaves to revolt . With chaos rampant , the military swears fealty to the queen , and she betrays the rebels by ordering the army to run them off.In a deus ex machina twist , the entire Martian scenario was an invention of Los 's vivid imagination -- the indecipherable space message is only an ad for a brand of tire . Los returns home to accept his fate but discovers the shots fired at Natasha missed her ; the couple have a tearful reunion . The scientist burns his spaceship blueprints and vows to daydream no longer.Sergei Eisenstein 's BATTLESHIP POTEMKIN -LRB- released one year after `` Aelita '' -RRB- is his account of the naval mutiny that had great repercussions throughout old Russia.Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 6.5 -RRB- Aelita
 Aelita , Queen of Mars is certainly a gem of a movie . Made in 1924 , it is a look at how Communist philosophy plays out in speculative fiction during the silent era . Purportedly , it was made on a fantastic budget , and the sets on Mars show it . The costuming for the Martian aristocrats concerns styles that were non-existent at the time , and seem to have arrived out of the 50 's American Sci-Fi films . The Martian sets were indeed , outlandish and worth getting the DVD just to see.The story is slightly weak , attempting to cover too much ground and too many genres for the amount of time presented . However , it does not detract from the important historic value of the picture and the simple enjoyment of watching the tale unfold.The film displays the humorous exploits of the Bourgeoise Zie , and the stark poverty the Proletariat suffered in 1924 Russia.In a way , this film could be an equal criticism of both . It takes an inordinately long time for the main character to reach Mars , although Mars is shown throughout the film , following Aelita , queen of Mars as she goes about.The DVD has no special features worthy of note . The average scene selection and nothing else , but the restoration work is excellent , keeping true to even the few parts of the film that were intended to be poor quality . It is truly a film worthy of being presented on DVD .
 I 've read the book by Alexey Tolstoy , but I have not seen the movie until today . You 'd think that in the 20 's they tried to be close to the original , but not in this case - the movie is quiet a bit different from the book . Warning
 This silent film leaves a number of different impressions . The first , of course , is happy surprise that this film has survived in such good condition - compared to many other silents , it maintains high image quality throughout . Another impression comes from the remarkable art deco styling of the Mars sets and costumes . I 'm no expert on older films , but this offers the most fantastical look of any I 've seen to date . Yet another impression arises from the Soviet underpinning of the film , including swipes at self-serving authorities and the workers ' bold revolution -LRB- complete with hammer and sickle -RRB- . The plot had some loose moments , but this remains a wonderful look back as well as an entertaining movie in its own right . -- wiredweird
 Everything about this film is top notch , except at 60 minutes , I was left wanting more . Every one of the 60 minutes in the film is a gem , but it 's so well done that you wish it could have been a 90 or 120 minute piece.Neil deGrasse Tyson is a fine narrator , and his enthusiasm for the topic is present without sneaking through . Dr. Tyson loves astronomy , and sometimes his excitement can overwhelm . Here , he is right on the mark.If you have even the most remote interest in astronomy or science , you 'll enjoy this movie . You may also find yourself looking at telescope prices so that you can have the same experience as Galileo . -LRB- Quick bit of advice
 It is what I expected . I am very fond of astronomy . The explanation the experts give in this video has the precise level of technical words diletants like me might understand . I watch it over and over , because I also use it to improve my English skills -LRB- I am not a fluent speaker -RRB- .
 This presentation is a synopsis of telescopes as interments from concept to concept . It can not possibly cover everything and does not need to . But there is enough verbal information and pictures to hold your attention for the hour and possibly show you something you did not know . Of course it is now dated but if you are still remembering the physics of you school days , you are in for some new thoughts.Bottom line is that you will not be disappointed and better still intrigued with 400 years of the telescope . And find yourself asking does dark matter ?
 This offers something for multiple audiences . Of course , the chemistry - and physics-loving crowd will enjoy this . Howerver , we science haters can get something out of this too . The work speaks about how when new telescopes take images of outer space , they put them on the internet so that teens and artists can use them or be inspired by it . The work said that we can say destructive meteors 30 years before they reach the Earth , the implication being that we 'll have the technology to destroy them . The work said that there are 300 Earth-like planets found , so maybe this will inspire or intrigue `` Star Wars '' and `` Star Trek '' fans.For people who hate history , this only briefly deals with that topic . It speaks of how great minds introduced the heliocentric model in contrast to the then-accepted geocentric one . For the visually-stimulated , watching the CGI graphics is pleasurable on its own terms . For history haters , this work does not dwell on the past . It presents space as a wild frontier of which we do not know much . For those interested in the future or pushing the envelope , that message will keep you watching.I recall reading in middle school history classes that neither maps nor globes do justice to the physical shape and look of Earth . This work points on how older telescopes made blurry images or had to keep getting longer . This works speaks of the inventors who corrected these problems . The work concludes with telescopes that will be as big as football fields that will record images that humans have never seen.Remember when Bart Simpson looked into a telescope and said , `` Wow ! The universe sure is boring . '' It 's comical that `` wow ! '' and `` boring '' are being used in the same sentence . Still , this documentary tries to interest those who care about space and those who do n't give a toot . Even its discussion of how color-various photographs tells us more than black-and-white ones will keeps those fascinated how like rainbow-like images.I wish the work had more diverse interviewees . Still , the work is much stronger and more interesting than the title would suggest .
 This movie started out like many other movies in this genre do ; a group of students go to a big , creepy haunted place for some type of experiment or partying , or whatever , and wind up crossing paths with a deranged psychopath who resides there . However , there are some plot twists and surprises thrown in as the film developes , and it dose n't drag out because there is plenty of action and suspense . Tara Reid fits the role well -LRB- however she appears about five or ten years late for her last college class -RRB- , but all age jokes aside , the film works because the cast is balanced , attractive , and believe it or not , convincing enough that this film kept me guessing throughout . Without a doubt , Reid 's finest performance . If you like films that are not big-budget Hollywood predictable fare , than you will enjoy this gem of a horror flick . If you are a Reid fan , you will like it as well . If you do n't like movies like `` Saw '' and `` The Haunting '' than this may not be for you . Entertaining , scary fun with a twist at the end - ca n't beat that .
 Now when you pick up the box this DVD comes in you have to know you 're not grabbing ` Gone With The Wind ' or ` Citizen Kane ' . This is a gorefest of blood , inhabited by beautiful , stupid college students who make all the wrong decisions . It has little redeeming value for drama students and not a lot going for it in the special effects department and the title of this review says a lot , for this is probably the best performance I have ever seen by Tara Reid , which if faint praise if there ever was faint praise . However , I watched the entire thing and kind of enjoyed it . Four stars may be too generous , but I say it earned 4 stars simply because it delivers what you expect when you read the box . There is no threat to sweep the oscars here . Just the oppurtunity to splatter a little -LRB- okay , a lot -RRB- of blood all over Tara . One bad thing . . Six people in the SUV and all survived what looked like a pretty bad accident without a scratch . Must have been a Volvo . Anyway , stick around for the ending . Kind of a typical twist you can see coming , but it 's done pretty well .
 I considered this movie kinda underrated , cause in terms of acting , it was ok , well more than ok , scenes convincing at times too . But being a low budget movie , of course is gon na have a lot of dialogue & less action & places where it could developed in a very well done movie & scenario . I think that it 's been criticized cause the movies entirely takes place in a hidden lab & a little bit of out doors view . But all in all it 's a good movie , not excellent & thrilling but very good .
 I 'm a fan of Tara Reid . A lot of her movies are good , especially this one but because of all her bad publicity years ago , no one gives her a chance.I agree the storyline could have been even better but it was good enough and that 's not Tara 's fault because she did n't write the script . Anyone who likes thrillers and/or weird storylines would enjoy this movie . I was shocked when I heard it was a direct to online view since I owned the movie . If you really hate Tara , you 'll find fault with her performance . But anyone looking for a thriller , should at least give it a try . It 's not overly long and drawn out . . once the young adults get stranded and find refuge in the only place around , the things that happen and have happened in that place are things you would n't expect and I found myself very interested and anxious to see what would happen next .
 This old-time movie is full of fun and fond memories . A must see for fans of either James Garner or Natalie Woods .
 I 'm a big James Garner fan and really enjoyed this Instant Video offering of his 1960 movie CASH MCCALL . Although a bit dated , it has some nice twists and turns and moves along at a nice pace . It 's more of a serious drama with some light humor incorporated into the script.Cash McCall is a very successful corporate spoiler -LRB- who presents himself with a somewhat abrasive demeanor -RRB- , who buys failing businesses and ` flips ' them for a tidy profit . Then one day , he involves himself with a corporate ` prospect ' that is complicated by his distraction with the owner 's beautiful daughter `` Lory Austen '' -LRB- played by Natalie Wood -RRB- . He propositions `` Mr. Austen '' with a two million dollar gesture for his business - a deal that appears on its face to be illegal and almost costs McCall the woman he loves!This is a nice slice of ' 60 's entertainment and a big recommend for James Garner fans.The picture quality is very good . Closed Captioning is not included for the hearing impaired .
 Loved this movie since the first time I saw it . Had a VHS copy that went bad . Was very glad to find a DVD copy on Amazon .
 CASH MCCALL is n't normally my cup of tea , but I 'll watch practically anything with James Garner in it . And , as it turns out , even though it 's a soap opera about high finance , CASH MCCALL is worth checking out . There 's no doubting the chemistry between Garner and Natalie Wood.There 's always furor surrounding our notorious mystery man Cash McCall , a gent we do n't set eyes on until 18 minutes deep in the film . Rumor has it that Cash McCall is an unscrupulous corporate raider , callously buying out struggling small companies only to sell them again for a profit -LRB- thus making him a clear predecessor to Richard Gere 's character in PRETTY WOMAN -RRB- . But when Cash McCall , supposedly heartless pirate , is offered the opportunity to snap up a failing company called Austen Plastics , he does so more for Lory Austen , the owner 's daughter -LRB- Natalie Wood -RRB- rather than because it 's just sound business practice.When love rears its ugly head , it can bring down mighty empires , they say . Love does n't exactly ruin Cash McCall . It more or less straightens him out . Some time ago , Cash McCall fell in love , but because of this and that - but mostly because he 's a confused soul - he met Lory and broke her heart . He has n't been able to get her out of his mind , though . When he sees her again , he pursues her with a singlemindedness only a sleek , ruthless corporate shark can muster . But , en route , Lory Austen , pretty woman with a solid sense of what 's right , goes about changing him . Except you get the feeling that Cash McCall , from jump , is n't as soulless as rumor would paint him to be . Guy just loves making money . He admits this freely.CASH MCCALL is all big business and romance , and while the romance is good , the corporate politics and power plays are n't really as incisive as you 'd expect , given McCall 's cold-blooded reputation . It certainly does n't get as lowdown dirty and dangerous as , say , WALL STREET . Cash McCall , in terms of bastardness , is n't in Gordon Gekko 's league . The cast is in terrific form , with the two leads effortlessly guiding us thru their romantic transactions . Dean Jagger is solid as Lory 's father and the weary Austen Plastics owner , a patsy ready for the fleecing . I had a feeling Nina Foch was gon na be trouble when she first strolled into the scene . She plays Maude Kennard , competent but intrusive assistant manager in the posh hotel in which Cash McCall resides . Her ambitions lead her to believe that she 's got a shot at Cash . Her plummeting to reality takes place in the film 's most powerful and most ugly scene , as an embittered Foch and a plain-speaking Garner chew scenery and mince no words . Ultimately , CASH MCCALL is entertaining and goes down easy . It spoon-feeds us well-mannered boardroom meetings , gives us a soft crash course on ethics versus good business . Mostly , see this movie for Natalie Wood 's devastating looks and Garner 's regular guy charm and how these two actors are irresistible in their scenes together . Their courtship , which plays out refreshingly more light than dreary soap opera , tides us over thru the more boring , stuffy bits .
 James Garner and Natalie Wood make a fine pair who have romance issues between them while Garner , the rich tycoon who seems to own everything , wheels and deals , buys and sells at a profit . Sparks really ignite when Garner , the title character , buys a company owned by the father of his love interest , which further complicates matters for Garner . The picture has a laid back quality and an innocence nowhere to found in today 's movies . The supporting cast really make this film work , notably Dean Jagger and Nina Foch , with nice cameos by E.G. Marshall , Roland Winters , and Otto Kruger . Max Steiner contributes another fine music score and the film has very pleasing technicolor tones .
 Except for Mr. Garners character actually caring about his business associates -LRB- and the assets he pursues -RRB- this movie rings strikingly similar to the M.O. of today 's high flying financiers . McCall 's executive aircraft , a converted A-26 bomber , still exists as N26WB on the FAA civil register . As mentioned in the other reviews , this movie has been knocked-off several times , sweet fairy tale that it is . Dean Jagger is a noteworthy member of the cast though all do a Good job . Recommended .
 James Garner is Cash McCall , and vice versa . McCall is a grossly misunderstood character who takes petered out or slow-moving companies , shapes them up and then sells them . In this way he searches out Natalie Wood , whose father , played perfectly by Dean Jagger , owns a slightly over-the-hill company on the verge of a hostile takeover . Nina Foche plays a woman with a crush on McCall and takes it badly when she does n't get him . Other characters misrepresent McCall , and this of course causes him problems with Wood . Garner is a sophisticated fast-thinking good guy and this part shows all the terrific James Garner attributes . Also look for good parts by Henry Jones , Parley Baer , and E.G. Marshall . This film is not meant to be taken seriously , it 's only meant to be enjoyed .
 Based on a book `` Cash McCall '' by Cameron Hawley where , the plot is too close to today 's reality . Much of the premise was reused again in the movie `` Pretty Woman '' -LRB- 1990 -RRB- . A tycoon Cash McCall -LRB- James Garner -RRB- is one of those amoral people that buys businesses and sells off assets for a profit without any regard as to wither that is the best choice of action . Soon he learns that creation is more fun than destruction . However it takes a beautiful woman Lory Austen -LRB- Natalie Wood -RRB- to help point him in the right direction.This was an O.K. movie and a first for some things but it was not funny or inspiring or suspenseful or ... Wheeler Dealers -LSB- VHS -RSB- ~ Lee Remick
 The movie arrived in perfect condition , and was exactly as ordered . I had a hard time finding this movie but finally did , through Amazon , and am very satisfied with my purchase .
 Natalie Wood stars with James Garner in this pleasant romantic comedy about a young millionaire who has built his fortune by buying struggling companies , fixing them up and selling them off again for a tidy profit.Cash McCall -LRB- James Garner -RRB- has found his latest business aquisition in a plastics company owned by Grant Austen -LRB- Dean Jagger -RRB- . The deal is complicated however , when Cash learns that Austen 's daughter Lory -LRB- Natalie Wood -RRB- is the girl who stole his heart during a summer romance the year before ... Pleasant if not overly memorable , CASH MCCALL was one of Wood 's transitioning movie roles , and she provides an exceptional performance given the limitations of the material . Better still is the amazing Nina Foch as Mrs Kennard , the hotel manager whose infatuation with Cash turns toxic . Linda Watkins , E.G. Marshall , Otto Kruger and Edward Platt co-star . It 's currently only available as part of Warner 's boffo Natalie Wood Collection DVD boxset which also includes the new-to-disc `` Bombers B-52 '' , `` Inside Daisy Clover '' and `` Sex and the Single Girl '' in addition to new remasters of the previously available `` Splendor in the Grass '' and `` Gypsy '' .
 The other reviews cover the movie and most of you reading this know about the film anyway . This review is for those who want to know about the quality of this DVD release . It is a shame that it did not get it 's own single release . I waited and hoped for some to become available through Market Place sales , from broken up sets . My patients paid off and now I own this fun movie . This is an excellent release of this film . The picture quality is clean and the sound quality is very good for a standard DVD release . It is much better than the VHS tape in my collection , that it replaces . I viewed this film using a quality upgrading , DVD/Blu-Ray player . Who knows , maybe someday , it will come out in Blu-Ray . Would n't that be nice ?
 ... having been a fan of this particular film and American romantic comedy up through the early-to-mid ' 60 's , this one in particular represents smarts , sexiness , and a sort of sublime business acumen that seems to be missing now days -LRB- now it 's dopiness without reasonable truth , blatant sex , and no compelling sub plot to string it all along that dominates so-called `` film-making '' -RRB- . All of the principles - Garner , Natalie Wood , and always pleasing veterans Dean Jagger and Nina Foch deliver here . Garner and Wood should have made way more comedies than they did -LRB- or have -RRB- . Cash McCall is a fun romp through the business world of olden days -LRB- where one can glean the future fast approaching -RRB- laced with love and wantoness sublime . It 's in a class of films that wo n't come by often anymore . Fun is something that here is made of people , not their excretions .
 I have all Cameron Hawley 's books in hardcover , and am glad to say Executive Suite has finally been issued on DVD . However , where is Cash McCall , it is way past time for it to appear . Warner Brothers is very tardy in issuing some of their better genre work , with Cash McCall being one . Yellowstone Kelly with Clint Walker and the 2nd season of Cheyenne being two more.Back to Cash McCall
 This was on my sister 's Christmas list and when I gave it to her she loved it . She likes old movies .
 Cash McCall Feb 18 2013A good movie . One of James Garner 's early &#34; con-man &#34; efforts -LRB- 1960 -RRB- , He expanded on this character , adding his now-famous texas twang in &#34; The Wheeler Dealers &#34; -LRB- 1963 -RRB- diff character name but same con-man tricks , which is also very good . Natalie Wood was stunning.Shows the back-stabbing business world at it 's typical!Don ' t waste your time on the LAME cartoon included !
 It was like new . i was looking to see this movie . and it came in great shape . i will enjoy it for manny years to come , thank 's agen for the shape it came . ART .
 My friend recommends this as a good movie . I whole heartedly agree . Worth the money . I will be suggesting this to my friends .
 Good condition . Played well . James Garner never looked better . Moods is a real cutie . the movie is full of old comedy second bananas that I grew up with .
 No swearing , no nudity , wish there were more movies made that way today . We really miss going to the theater .
 When Natalie Wood was in her prime , she was at the top of the biz , stunningly beautiful , sharp , but accessible . And no one played the all-american stud better than Jim Garner.Call it a bedroom farce if you like but Cash McCall combines a lot of wheeling and dealing with a good old fashioned boy-meets-girl to make a very pleasing movie.At first glance , McCall -LRB- Garner -RRB- is part playboy , part ruthless businessman , but we know better ; that his heart of gold belongs only to Lory Austen -LRB- Wood -RRB- , a woman he met last Summer , and he 's thought of nothing but her since.Standard fare , well done with attractive stars , that alone puts it in the upper 20 % as far as I 'm concerned . Enjoy it .
 Sitting in Washinton D.C. a week after the worst terrorist attacks in US history , this was the movie I wanted to see . Perhaps because it was a simpler time back then -- in my life and in the movie -- or because I have so many fond memories of Miss Wood , or maybe because I just needed a good cry.The story is bittersweet , but there is a happy ending . The businessmen have hearts , and the mid-century architecture -LRB- McCall 's penthouse -RRB- and Miss Wood 's wardrobe are just superb.Pretty Woman ca n't hold a candle to this one .
 This film , currently only available in VHS , has become a classic on which other classics are based ! As has been pointed out by others , the plot of `` Pretty Woman '' -LRB- ASIN 6305696071 -RRB- borrows heavily from this earlier film . Natalie Wood shines as much in her role in this film as the poor little rich girl as Julia Roberts does in hers in the other as the lady of the evening with the heart of gold . Both convince the heroes -LRB- played respectively by James Garner and Richard Gere -RRB- that its better to build up the companies they buy than to tare them apart . Thus both are an affirmation of what can be best about capitalism .
 This was a fun James Garner at his romantic comedy best . I rank it # 2 in that category . Natalie Wood is great oposite Garner . This is a comedy that uses some slapstick and mis-direction and coincidence to create the friction that make it fun.I still prefer the Wheeler Dealers for sheer fun , but overall CC is a better movie , with a more interesting plot and co-star .
 What is it about 1959 ? They made some great films including `` The Miracle '' my personal favorite of ALL times.But take a nice simple story , add some toe-tapping music , mix in brillant actors like Garner and Wood and you have the makings of a wonderful , memorialbe , teary-eyed classic film that will give you a smile on your face.The unfortunate thing is the likes of this will never be duplicated . Hollywood of today has lost all sense of real entertainment . BUY this one folks , , , , you wo n't be sorry . I just wish it would come out in DVD .
 Stylish for the era with great acting and script makes this a classic . This really needs to be on DVD though .
 Love the movie But where is the DVD?It is a very very good classic move that I really enjoyed alot .
 There 's a powerful message here beyond the wheeling and dealing or cat-and-mouse romance . Like positioning a row of dominos , key players in this movie make erroneous assumptions about each other while safeguarding personal motive for their own actions . A lesson in communication results as the dominos tumble in succession.Movie quote
 The story is a little light , but enjoyable . James Garner plays a corporate raider and greenmailer , except this is circa 1960 . Think of it as `` Wall Street '' with a kinder , gentler Gordon Gekko . Garner will play a similar role three years later in 1963 's `` The Wheeler Dealers . '' Natalie Wood reminds you of what a beautiful actress is really like . The most interesting part is witnessing how the much the Wall Street 's takeover game has been around for quite a while , and the techniques were just refined and corrupted in the 80 's , 90 's and today .
 This is a fun movie for all those `` Old Movie '' lovers ! It is a great addition to my movie collection . I really love Natalie Wood and James Garner . What a handsome `` hunk '' James Garner was back then !!
 This was one of the best movies ever made . A little outdated now and a little sexist but it brings back the ideas and morals of business , love and marriage from the 1950 's .
 This movie is very good . It depicts what it takes to own a corporation . It demonstrates how tough and cold you have to be most of the time . James Garner did an excellent job at this . All the other actors were also very good at their role playing . A must own DVD from yesteryear corporate America .
 If you like old movies and Natalie Wood you will really enjoy this movie . Amazon has great prices and great movies .
 This is an old one but still has attraction of hunky James Garner . Natalie is very young and beautiful . Story line is trite but entertaining and I still liked it after all these years .
 We were pleased at how timely this it came to the house during the holidays . It is one of my husbands favorite movies which he has been wanting to see again .
 First I want to say I have not seen a video of this movie but I did see it when it came out in the theater and twice on TV . I will not write a review of this movie because it has already been done . I will say it is a slick early 60 's movie that is usually missed by critics and reviewers.Pretty Woman is a remake of this movie with Natalie Woods part being turned into a prostitute with a heart of gold -LRB- talk about a over used bit -RRB- . Both movies end with the corporate raider changing his spots and becoming the company man .
 Cash McCall 's first name coud n't be more appropriate!Wealthy young McCall -LRB- Garner -RRB- is an early sort of corporate raider -LRB- `` pirate '' -RRB- who purchases faltering businesses and makes them profitable just to resell them for a tidy profit . When he maneuvers to obtain a plastics company owned by Grant Austen -LRB- Jagger -RRB- , Cash also desires Austen 's daughter Lory -LRB- Wood -RRB- as a fringe benefit.Lory and Cash had a summer fling the previous year , and although she asserts the romance is finished , Cash -LRB- who is n't one to take ` no ' for an answer -RRB- persists . He knows all about the portrait Lory painted of him as Robin Hood -- is even aware that it 's prominently displayed in her bedroom.After the Austen deal is finalized , Cash gets a romantic assist from Lory 's mom -LRB- Watkins -RRB- , who 'd like nothing more than to see these youngsters wed. . She convinces Lory to drive Cash to the airport , and once there he tricks her into boarding his private plane . They take off for one of Cash 's many properties and while airborne he tries his best to rekindle an old flame . But the story as they say has just begun!Related items : After this picture , James Garner began his three-year run in the TV westernMAVERICK . His next big screen appearance was inTHE CHILDREN 'S HOUR -LRB- 1961 -RRB- , with Audrey Hepburn and Shirley MacLaine.In 1961 , Natalie Wood was Oscar nominated for Elia Kazan ` sSPLENDOR IN THE GRASS , opposite Warren Beatty.Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 6.3 -RRB- Cash McCall -LRB- 1960 -RRB- - James Garner/Natalie Wood/Nina Foch/Dean Jagger/E . G. Marshall/Henry Jones/Otto Kruger/Edward Platt/Linda Watkins -LRB- uncredited
 I 'm convinced that when James Bond came along in the personage of Sean Connery in 1962 , he pretty much wiped away the memory of a lot of movies that had come before . Cash McCall , recently released by WB as part of the Natalie Wood Collection , was one of those long forgotten movies eclipsed by the Bond frenzy , and well worth your time.Written by the same novelist -LRB- Cameron Hawley -RRB- that wrote the novel on which 1954 Best Picture nominee `` Executive Suite '' was based -LRB- a great film , by the way -RRB- , Cash McCall is a solid if stodgy story of industry , glamorous high finance , and jealousy-spiked romance.The industrial aspect of the story centers , in fact , around the manufacture of televisions.As is typical of the period , and visually similar to North by Northwest -LRB- especially the opening on an urban street setting -RRB- , nearly everybody wears suits and ties all the time . Aside from the beautiful Natalie Wood , and James Garner in the prime of his career , the best feature of this movie is the parade of character actors from the time -LRB- especially from the soon-to-be-produced Addams Family TV series -RRB- , all of whom offer delightful performances.Roland Winters as General Danvers specializes in avuncular mischief and rank indignation . Edward Platt -LRB- George Kaplan 's attorney from North by Northwest -RRB- is fascinating to watch , even with a toupee on his head . And Parley Baer , E. G. Marshall , Olan Soule , and of course Dean Jagger are also terrific to see in this fresh and vital look at American industry in it 's heyday.Still , Cash McCall exhibits a fairly high schmaltz factor , especially in the music score and especially the romance . The film opens with a scene which makes little sense -- the little girls jumping rope in front of the hotel.Cash McCall also confirms my suspicions that films from the early sixties are unusually materialistic . Cash McCall owns this and he owns that . He is a kind of `` James Bond '' of industry , but instead of a Walther PPK , he carries a checkbook . He flies his personal aircraft to Philadelphia just to have a sandwich for lunch . His Blofeld-like penthouse quarters has it 's own motorized door.This film is a fantasy of ownership , possession , and control , and the plot revolves around who owns what , with McCall as a kind of heroic Blofeld . There is no other spiritual or philosophical basis for the plot , no overarching set of values , except those of ownership , capital , and materialism , which , being 1960 , is fine for what it is.Once again , I am drawn to a comparison between Cash -LRB- the public medium of exchange -RRB- and Bonds -LRB- as in Govt Bond ! -RRB- . Between this film -LRB- 1960 -RRB- and Dr No -LRB- 1962 -RRB- was a seachange in Western movies and how public opinion was manipulated . Cash McCall is the dashing corporate raider and the hot issue is civilian manufacturing technology , when products for the home -LRB- such as Black and White televisions -RRB- were still made in this country.James Bond came along with a new image of the hero
 A couple of great stars doing their best with not the best script . Still it easy to watch and you will not be disappointed .
 This mid-50 's melodrama probably inspired a lot of arbitrage specialists out there , if not , Hugh Hefners . If you liked the `` Hotel '' series by Arthur Hailey , read the book before enjoying Hollywood 's botching of a fine story . -LRB- heard Travolta was interested in the project -RRB- The business intrigue was stripped lean to accomodate an all = star cast . Natalie Wood , at her lovely , though wooden best dwarfed by James Garner.Add Nina Foch , Ed Platt , Dean Jagger and E.G. Marshall and things stir up a bit . Garner and Wood do create sparks after much nonsense . We all forgive them , if we can just see a rags-to-riches story with its Shang-Ri-La settings and a converted B-26 with built-in bar . Pretty Rich Man meets Pretty Woman . Fascinates even today .
 The movie opens with a man -LRB- Reed Diamond -RRB- who had something horrible happen to him , he just does n't know what , he can not remember his name nor his past . After being a tester for a new drug , he starts having horrible visions of a mud-like monster . He meets a kid name Stanley , and they both become friends . The rest of the movie is about the man 's , played by Reed Diamond , journey to recover his lost memories , and Stanley 's quest to find out what his father is up too.Lucy Lawless -- everyones favorite warrior princess/Cylon -- plays the alcoholic mother , a victim of abuse , which is quite a different role than we are used to seeing from Lawless ; she does it well . Greg Grunberg -- Alias 's Eric Weiss , and Heroes Matt Parkman , also plays a very good , and different role than he has played in the past . In this movie he is the sadistic husband of Lucy Lawless . The acting is great , the plot is n't the most original , nor all that scary , but is entertaining , and stays interesting throughout its length.This is a straight to DVD release . As such it does n't have that high of a budget , you should not be expecting a masterpiece , but this movie does deliver quite a bit . I 'm giving this four stars because the actor 's performances are great and the concept is intriguing . Fans of Lucy Lawless and Greg Grunberg should have no problems nor regrets buying this DVD.I do n't want to give to much away , but if you enjoyed films like `` The Jacket '' , `` The Butterfly Effect '' or the directors other movie `` Room 6 '' you should pick this up .
 I purchased Darkroom anticipating another Boogeyman type movie , you know a horror , scary type movie with laughs . Well it 's more a pyscho drama with a whodunit twist instead , even the title of the movie is a bit of a mystery . I did enjoy the movie , Michael does a good job with keeping you engaged in trying to figure out the mystery disappearances of several characters . Lucy does a very credible job of neglected wife considering this role is a huge departure from anything she 's ever done . The main character has some major issues to resolve in his life and in the end I 'm still not sure if he resolves them . Overall , good acting , a few scary moments , and a twist at the end to keep you guessing .
 THE DARK ROOM is a stylish , brooding little thriller that is original and well performed . Even though the movie has a large gaping plot hole -LRB- e.g. , how could someone at age 15 disappear and apparently no one searched for him ? -RRB- , it maintains its interest and has a surprising , although predictable , finish.Reed Diamond stars as a man who has been institutionalized for 15 years and has no memory of his life up to that point . He is given a new experimental drug which apparently does n't work so he escapes , desperate to find his identity.He befriends a 15 year old boy named Stanley -LRB- Shawn Pyfrom -RRB- who lives with his mother -LRB- an unrecognizable Lucy Lawless -RRB- and her brutish husband -LRB- Greg Grunberg -RRB- , who is the boy 's stepfather . Grunberg seems to be a camera nut , very protective of his dark room . Stanley enlists Diamond 's help in finding out where his stepfather goes at night.The film has an eerie atmosphere and Diamond and Pyfrom are quite good . There is a frightening monster presence , and overall , THE DARK ROOM is refreshingly different in today 's cookie cutter horror films .
 When the movie stated , I thought ok , this is going to be a good movie . As it went on , I started to see `` the creature from the black lagoon '' image . I just rolled my eyes and went `` oh boy '' . I continued to watch the movie `` just for kicks '' and was very pleasantly suprised when it ended with the ending . I started to think about the movie after seeing it and thought , `` wow , that was a good movie '' . It was very well acted and the story was a unique one . What I do like to see in movies that are being made is the stories `` a little different '' from the rest of them . Yes , the movie is a little like the Sixth Sense but is just different enough to put an exciting twist to things . I highly recommend this movie to anyone that likes a `` little twisted plot '' to movies .
 To start with it appears to be just another B-grade horror flick complete with a lame storyline . However as you progress through , the story becomes more twisted and strange until your just not quite sure what is going on . There is n't a lot of action and the movie has it 's cheesy moments , but overall it 's actually quite watch-able . There are a few actors some will notice from Heroes and Desperate Housewives along with the biggest name , the reason most likely that you looked at this movie in the first place , is Lucy Lawless aka Xena . Although her role is n't an important one , she is there quite often , more so than you would expect for a supporting actor role.If you have a sharp eye and keen intuition , you 'll follow the story and pick up on the clues as the movie progresses . And although the ending was lame , it was in all , necessary to complete the story and leave it somewhere where the audience would be happiest . This was a fairly decent movie , but definitely watch it if your a Lucy fan .
 This was a nice surprise . I went in with little expectations and was immediately suprised by the coherency of the script , the above average acting , and the serpentine story line . There 's certainly plenty to like here including a sufficient amount of bloodletting , some good suspense , and more than a few surprises . There 's also plenty of story , and a satisfying resolution . It may be lowish budget , but it does n't wear cheapness on it 's sleeve which was such a relief.This one might fall a tad into the `` horror with a heart of gold '' category . It 's easy to see this playing in theaters in say , 1986 , with Cory Haim as the young lead . I do n't think one need be a die hard horror fan to find enjoyment here either . Bottom line ? A nifty well done thriller deserving of an audience . Recommended .
 This movie is delightful and entertaining . A murder of the past is inflicted in the mind of a mentally ill patient who is possessed by monstrous images of a &#34; Thor &#34; like killer . Watch this movie .
 I do n't want to tell any details and spoil this movie for anyone , so just let me say I found it creepy . There were some interesting special effects , and somewhat of a believable storyline . Worth a look for fans of horror movies .
 DARKROOM is a creeper of a mystery movie . A man -LRB- Reed Diamond -RRB- in a mental institution , who has been suffering from total amnesia for 15 years , gets to try out a new drug that may bring his memory back . Things apparently go awry , giving the man a chance to escape from his confinement . From there , we are taken on a journey with this man into an unknown , homeless life outside the hospital . While helping a young kid named Stanley , the man begins to uncover the terrifying truth about Stanley 's stepfather , Bob . There 's also a horrific mud-monster sloshing it 's way through the man 's nightmares and even his waking hours ! What , if any connection is there ? Is the man simply nuts , or is he really on to something ? All the characters were good in this one , w / Lucy Lawless playing -LRB- blessedly -RRB- against type , as Stanley 's abused , alcoholic mum . DARKROOM satisfied my need for decently made horror , while tossing in some good mystery elements to top it off ...
 I just rented it and watch this flick . Well it is str8 to DVD flick . . Ya is not all that and looks cheap made and have a lots flaws , Thats for sure . But I enjoyed it , Was pretty interesting , Kind of good scrip & Pretty well acting too . The ending unfolded the whole scrip & was kind of shocking & interested ! I guess not to buy ... But check it out as rental . Good little thriller flick . B
 The Darkroom is one of those movies that 's honestly really * really * bad in every conceivable way , but for some really mysterious reason ... I ca n't bring myself to criticize it because on some unexplainably deep personal level , I actually enjoyed it.First of all , the acting . It 's horrendous . Actually what makes the acting so terrible is the way each of the main characters delivers his or her line . After delivering it , there 's an odd moment of noticeable silence . This probably has less to do with the actual acting itself and more of an inexperience level on the part of the writers for not realizing when to trim the fat , so to speak , so as a result some segments linger longer than they honestly should.A good example is right in the very beginning when the teenage boy is talking to a guy in a diner who just escaped from an asylum . In addition to these scenes carrying on longer than necessary , what 's most awkward about them is the way you hear silence after every line . Almost like you 're hearing the wind blow in the background . It gives the entire movie a low budget feel.The storyline actually is n't terrible , and has potential -LRB- and even achieves its potential in a few spots -RRB- . It 's fairly well-written and , though entirely cheesy , is n't without its moments . The writers were at least trying for something here.You better believe the actual `` scary monster '' is nothing more than a pitiful attempt and scaring the viewers by having some guy dress in a costume and making the camera jerk around in dizzy fashion in order to give off some fears . This is hilarious.What won me over -LRB- actually I mean , what makes me feel guilty about winning me over -RRB- is the actual `` dark room '' itself . The teenage boys stepdad has a dark secret , and that secret is revealed inside of this room . There actually was a nice bit of atmosphere building up to the mystery of what 's located inside the room between the supposed `` evil '' stepdad , the eager-to-discover teenage boy , and the drunk mother . Every time the boy wanted to find out what 's inside , something would prevent him from doing so . I enjoyed these segments.By the way , how hilarious is it that the teenage boy kept claiming his stepfather was a jerk , only to have him be nothing but ! He actually came across as extremely polite and considerate , trying to help his family the best way he can . FAR from being a jerk of any sorts.However , the film completely misses the mark in being truly terrifying . No , that bigfoot-like `` bad guy '' creature running around town in a costume is definitely NOT scary , haha.Overall , yes , it 's amazingly corny , but it actually is worth watching on some level of desperation , lol .
 I have not seen the movie yet , but I 've seen some clips about Lucy Lawless performance , and I loved it .
 So excited my DVD came in the mail today ! My teenage boys and I just finished watching it , laughing even more than we did when it aired on TV . For anyone with a real sense of humor -LRB- obviously this does not include Semtex Girl -RRB- this is first-class comedy performed by someone who understands better than most what it means to deal with ignorance and stereotyping in day-to-day life . An instant classic ! My kids and I love it ! Thanks , Steve !
 AS always Steve Byrne delivers ! , full of laughs and wonderful humor from the best of the best ... I sooo ca n't wait for more !
 By far my favorite work from steve byrne . My fourth live show of his that i 've seen and the man never ceases to amaze . sadly , sometimes his comedy is too intellectual for `` semtex girl '' - i mean SOME people , but at least i got all his jokes ! honestly , comedy central did n't do it justice by cutting the show to one hour . ca n't wait to see him live again or for another special ! mr. byrne , i continue to applaud you ! steve byrne jjang !
 I 've been waiting for this special for such a long time , as a fan of Steve Byrne since his first Comedy Central Presents I can definitely say that I love where he takes his comedy . Every time I have caught his act live or on Television he gets better and better . This blu-ray/dvd is packed with tons of great jokes mostly all new if you have never seen him live recently . But if you have maybe some will say ohhhh I 've seen these jokes before or similiar , but see that 's the beauty of Mr. Byrne , he 's like a rockstar magician in that you want him to perform his best , surprise us with new jokes and throw some good old classics at you , some with neat twists . The Byrne Identity is a great non-stop joy to watch and even has some neat little special features . Steve thanks for the wonderful special and I look forward to your next endeavors.If you are a fan of Steve this special has your name written all over it ! If you are new to him you can not go wrong with any of his specials . - Matt Maranan aka Tijuana from Mantastic in Brea improv , and Supercuts in Ontario improvCa n't believe you called me up TWICE to do that with you haha
 You know you are a good comedian when someone will see your material more than once and still laugh each time . Steve does that for me , and he definitely does n't disappoint in his new special `` The Byrne Identity . '' Steve is completely original and relatable , which is the best combination in any comedian . I love it when Steve goes into his `` girl '' voice . . get 's me to bust a gut every time . I got this DVD because Comedy Central bleeped so much out , and also for the great extras . What are you waiting for . . order it already !
 Wow ! I never pondered so much between gut-laughs . If you like people-watching , you 'll love the way Steve pokes at our social retardation . Invest an hour watching this densely-packed sprint of jokes .
 Based on the comedy ONLY , I would give this a 3.5 / 5 , but I give it a 4 cause the COMPLETELY agree with most of the jokes . There 's one joke about African-Americans & Asian-Americans that I love , AND agree with totally.I 've always liked Steve Byrne though . I think my fav thing with him that I 've seen is a YouTube video . I think he was in the Comedy Factory . That was hilarious !! You 'll know it 's the one when he makes the joke about `` Spooning '' with women .
 I ca n't put words together to explain this DVD . I admit halfway i was getting the impression that his last dvd was the best but the end made it worth while . Watch it !
 This is one of the best comedy specials I have ever seen . It will blow you away . I 'm getting the DVD because I have seen him live and I know he has tons of other material that was n't even aired ! If you like to laugh , buy this DVD !
 The Steve Byrne Identity is INCREDIBLY funny ! His jokes are original and he finds a way to relate to ANY audience member ! The act is very well written which makes this his best special yet . So many of the jokes had me in tears . You will definitely be missing out on some great laughs if you do not purchase this DVD . There are also parts of his act that are included on the bonus features of this DVD that you must see !
 This is the best comedy DVD I have bought to date . Steve is hilarious ! His jokes are intelligent and so entertaining ! My cheeks hurt from laughing so much . I 'm definitely glad I made this purchase . And to the other person who was so offended by the joke about Titanic . First of all , these are JOKES . Second , this joke is not about the people who were killed during the Holocaust but about how Hollywood is repeatedly creating movies about the Holocaust year after year when there are other tragedies that have happened or are happening that never get made into movies . Bottom line
 I 'm just going to come right out and say it
 Buy this dvd only if you truly love great comedy done by a well spoken & slightly twisted person ! Awesome follow up to `` Happy Hour '' Well done Mr. Byrne !
 I absolutely LOVE this DVD special ! I 'm confused at the review with a single star ?! Come on now , lighten up , GEEZ !!! You watch stand up to unwind and laugh about life . He 's definitely become my new favorite comedian .
 3rd DVD with Steve Byrne . 1st-Kims of Comedy where he was excellent . 2nd was Happy Hour which was mostly recycled material from Kims of Comedy but not executed well but still ok . This Stand Up is done really well where I thought the material was much longer than an hours -LRB- in a very good way -RRB- . Some other stand up seems to be wasting time to fill time but Byrne filled this DVD well that it was moving very smoothly and have so many material that it seemed to be longer in comparison to other stand up ... once again in a good , entertaining way .
 I just watched this and I have to say , it 's been a really long time since I laughed that hard ! From the beginning Steve Byrne is engaging and funny but once he gets rolling ... IN TEARS ! I pulled a muscle in my side from laughing so hard , I woke nearly all of my neighbours and it 's like 3am so bad me but holy crap he is HILARIOUS ! Payday later in the week and I am soooo buying this ! Absolutely brilliant !!
 I could n't wait to purchase this DVD and watch Steve Byrne 's performances . His jokes are so funny ! He had me smiling and laughing the whole time ! Some of his jokes , I can related with him but most of all , he is able to convey his jokes without offending people . If you understand his type of humors but find them offensive then these jokes is lost on you ! I 've been following his career since watching him on another DVD `` Kims of Comedy '' . Keep up the good work , Steve ! I hope there will be many more performances from you ! It is a pleasure to watch you perform ... You are my favorite Comedian !
 Anyone who is n't familiar with the comedic genius of Victor Borge , I suggest that you check out this DVD . It is a concise look at Victor Borge -LRB- born Borge Rosenbaum -RRB- as a great comedian , showman and masterful classically trained pianist.Whether the Danish-born Victor Borge is presenting a classic sketch , like his `` Phonetic Pronounciation '' bit -LRB- where he vocalizes punctuation , with accompanying text/dialogue in an old romance novel , with sounds comparable to `` farts '' and `` squirts '' ... it takes on a new dimension as an original and very funny invented language -RRB- , or competing with Leonid Hambro for the use of one grand piano , this man will leave you rolling in the aisles.Borge blends his unique sense of dry , broad humor with a sensitive ear and a beautiful personal style , with the numerous classical pieces he peforms on piano . I have never seen someone quite like Borge , and he is truly irreplaceable in our hearts and minds . Check it out ...
 Way back in the early 1950 's I was only able to buy his records , so to be able to SEE him is goodmedicine for anyone who needs to be ` uplifted ' ! I started to buy his films whilst living in USAin the 1990 's , as there never will be another Victor Borge - what a delight and joy to show tomy friends ALL of his films that I have managed to find through Amazon - thank you for the greatpleasure . I 'll be watching out to see IF I have n't still got them all !
 Not a bad compilation , even though the opera singer sketch and a coupla other oft-played sketches were somehow omitted . Very old clips were still enjoyed -- there were more of them than in more recent years , which were usually in color -LRB- from TV guest shots or from concerts -RRB- .
 As a music education/appreciation teacher , I find Victor Borga 's form of entertainment both educational and lol funny ! The opera singer is my favorite as well as the piano duet with Borga 's friend from `` Turkey . '' Some of the selections on this DVD are for older students , but most are funny to even younger children . The opportunity to teach appreciation for opera , classical composers and classical pieces presents itself so often , that I find a facts sheet to be helpful and fun for the students . Also , the history of Victor Borga is interesting and appealing.If you are n't trying to teach anything but just want to lol , check this DVD out ! I love it !! Lodi Pippen
 THE RADICALS is a top-notch dramatization of the true story of Michael and Marghareta Sattler , a married couple who were separately executed for their faith in 1527 . For young children the included special feature children 's story is recommended instead of the feature film , as it avoids some of the torture scenes , even though the feature movie itself avoids anything too graphic , for example , reciting rather than visually showing the extent of the judgment imposed upon Sattler . Through the centuries Christians facing potential harm for their faith have been strengthened by Sattler , who purposely planned a signal to publicly show whether God would give grace to endure martyrdom . The feature film does n't show this part , though its explained in the special features and history , that Michael before his execution predetermined to raise his finger heavenward to indicate whether martyrdom was bearable and for how long . Michael 's hands were bound , and also his tongue was cut out -LRB- so his words could n't affect crowd -RRB- , but when the fire burned thru the rope , Michael raised his finger and kept it up . Days later his wife Marghareta was drowned after refusing to recant , saying `` I do not follow my beliefs because of my husband , I follow my husband because of my beliefs . `` The movie 's story , which is told thru the character of Willhem de Rijcker -LRB- an Anabaptist Radical who influenced Michael but later recanted and so saved his physical life -RRB- , starts with then unmarried Michael and Marghareta working in proximity to each other , Michael as a monk who became a friar , and Marghareta was in an order that took care of the poor and sick . Because of plague , famine , and war in Eastern Europe , the peasants were suffering , yet as friar it was Michael 's job to collect taxes from them . The Protestant Reformation had started , as had printing of scriptures for common man by the new printing press , and Michael began to question the tax-collecting and other practices and teachings of the Church . He asked Marghareta to leave with him to search for truth and a new , though risky , life . In Zurich they heard the `` Radicals '' -LRB- as they were called -RRB- teach a message of freedom of personal belief rather than belief imposed by a state church , and of not so much `` reforming '' but `` restoring '' the Church , going back to the teachings of Jesus and his original disciples by finding out and obeying what was taught by the scriptures , not an insitution . This did not go over well with Ulrich Zvingli , head of the Zurich Church , who clung to many Catholic practices despite being a Protestant reformer . For ex , the unbiblical 1000-year Church tradition of infant baptism was continued , mandatory , and had become a mark of citizenship . The Anabaptists ' refusal to baptize babies was just one manifestation of their bigger issue
 Tagline
 Here is the journey of a man and a woman that actively put their faith in the Lord Jesus Christ during the Reformation Era.They were used by God to lead others into the practice of adult baptism . That was contrasted to infant baptism . They were called Anabaptist.This practice was violently opposed by the leaders of the church and the state.They continued amidst persecution , suffering and ending in death as martyrs for their faith.This movie makes personal and real a critical season of church history .
 The Radicals is an historical fiction movie based on real history of the Anabaptists during the 16th century . It shows the struggles that believers went through opposing Catholic theology and government , only to be further challenged by other reformers and Protestant governmental authority . It accurately shows the sacrifices many went through , including martyrdom , during the Reformation era . Based on a book by Dr. Myron Augsburger , the movie 's contents are so accurate that it is practically a documentary on one of many aspects of Reformation history , which demands our attentionThe Radicals -LSB- VHS -RSB- .
 The Anabaptists believed that God 's people were baptized by water and by fire . Most Christians are baptized by water , but few by the fire . This film will teach you how those freedoms were gained by the fires of persecution . Go back to a time when being baptized as an adult ; reading the Bible ; sharing Scripture ; and holding divergent views from the `` official '' church were crimes punishable by the most cruel methods possible . I promise that if you are a conscientious Christian , the conviction of how much your faith means to you , will keep you from sitting passively through this film ! It is an excellent film in both content and performance .
 Being a Historic Theologian I decided to pick this up from my local Christian bookstore when it was on sale . For some reason I neglected watching it for several months . When I finally watched it I was thoroughly shocked and surprised by the power of the film and the emotions within me that it brought out . This film gives the Anabaptists a very fair portrayal and I think that it should be viewed by all seminary students taking Reformation History courses.What the film lacks in budget it makes up for in the power of story telling and its ability to make you truly care about the characters . It also puts the question to you , What would you do if your convictions could cost you your life and the lives of those you love?Excellent film . My only issue is that I felt they played up the love story more than what was probably true in the area of how much affection was shown between Michael and his wife . This is more a historical criticism than a theatrical one.All in all it is a film whole watching and buying along withLuther
 The `` documentary '' , as opposed to the feature , sufficed for my purposes , as it in actuality is a condensation of the latterand contains the crucial scenes , including the drafting of the Schleitheim Confession , although only articles 1 , 6 , & 7 are mentioned , and the trial , in which Sattler 's memorable comments are taken verbatim from the records . A worthwhile purchase , one that provides students with illuminating insight into the beliefs and suffering of the Reformation era 's most numerous victims of intolerance , at the hands of Protestants and Catholics alike .
 This is a fascinating part of history that took place right after Martin Luther . The peasants were being taxed until they lost everything they had . This tells how a religious group of people called the Anibaptist arose . They wanted to follow a different path from the peasants or the Catholic church , in spite of opposition and persecution . Very interesting movie , and done beautifully .
 I first developed an interest in this film because of my interest in the career of Norbert Weisser , the lead actor who plays Michael Sattler , and I wanted material for the Official Fansite I do for him . I came away with a deep appreciation for the story , the characters of Michael and Margaretha Sattler , and the people that brought this film to reality.The love story is probably the most well acted and believable I have ever seen . The on-screen chemistry between Norbert Weisser and the beautiful and gracious Leigh Lombardi is a tangible thing . The story of their faith , their beliefs and the inner courage they had is even more powerful.The supporting cast is fabulous -- from Mark Lenard as Eberhard Hoffmann , to Christopher Neame as Ulrich Zwingli , Daniel Perrett as Wilhelm Reublin and Jerry Nelson as George Blaurock -- everyone turns in terrific performances . However , I must say that I am partial to Norbert Weisser as Michael Sattler -- he brought forth such a wonderful sensitivity to the character of Michael Sattler . Norbert often plays a villain on the screen , but his quiet and calm manner as Michael was exceptionally well acted.Even though I had limited knowledge of the Reformation and the Anabaptist movement , and had never heard of Michael and Margaretha Sattler , I got so caught up in this film that I developed a 20th Anniversary commemorative tribute for the film . I also designed and developed an entire website based on the film , the historical characters and the location -- the film was that well done , watchable and memorable . The entire cast and crew really pulled off an under-rated masterpiece with this film that is enjoyable on many levels and one you will want to watch over and over.Yes , this is a faith-based film , but it is also a well written and produced - and accurate historical film , a love story that rivals the best of them , and a testimonial of having the inner courage of standing true to your beliefs no matter what the price . You will love this movie !
 The detail towards accuracy , the use of REAL clothing from the period as loaned by Swiss Museum authorities , the travel and filming on location whenever possible at original sites is simply a rare and phenomenal effort to record history rather than create drama . If this history does n't stir you with its reality nothing will !
 I am a campus minister . When our student leadership team for our collegiate ministry wanted to tackle the topic of `` What does it mean to be Baptist , '' I suggested we show this to set up our discussion . The profundity is unmistakable . Would you be willing to die for your faith ? Recognizing how the church being separate from the state in the U.S. has shaped our understanding of the church becomes clear as you see those who risked all to merely express believers ' baptism . Of course , the other radical theological departures that have shaped the evangelical church are clear too . I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because the acting could be a little better , and the costuming seems questionable . As the movie unfolds , however , the story engages you powerfully and compensates for any drawbacks .
 The actions of the Roman Catholic Church is well documented as far as their `` eagerness '' to murder people with different methods of worship . This was my first glimpse at the use of government by Protestants to control `` heretics . '' Even though the Catholic Church is the one that murdered them , the parallels were there .
 The service from the book source was quick ... I loved the video of the radicals & would highly recommend it . It 's really good for preparation for our own sufferings which will take place here in our land .
 It was a pleasure to be able to introduce my Great Grandchildren to this lovable scanp of a Bear . They will never look at Forest Rangers in quite the same way .
 My five year old went through a Yogi bear phase and he enjoyed the old cartoons more than the new movie .
 Really cute and `` old school '' Yogi . Really cute and price is just right ! Easy to download . They tell me I need more words so , hope your day is going well ! God Bless !
 the video is good but did not solve my problem with my dog , since it didnt talk about the problem i have with my dog , but it is still a great video
 For an introduction to Cesar and great example applications of the `` calm submissive '' / `` Pack leader '' method - this is a wonderful `` best of '' ... we highly recommend it
 I love Cesar 's approach to dog training , I have used his ways to deal with my 2 dogs , a 72 lb Lassie Collie who thinks he is a lap dog and a 6 lb toy poodle who thinks he is a big dog . Cesar is the only trainer I will listen to as it is kind training and he works on the dogs level instead of trying to change the dog into something it is not .
 Got this for my bro in law who got a new dog that was doing damage to his house . It only works if you do what the guys says but it came perfect !
 We are new owners of a rescue pet . After watching Cesar Millan 's DVD , we feel we have a much better handle on what to do to make the transition easier for our wonderful , new dog !
 I would recommend this show to anyone ! Cesar is INCREDIBLE ! Not to mention SO very helpful on any dog situation . I have watched this show , and other episodes of his show , mutiple times , and let me just say he really is the &#34; Dog Whisperer &#34; . He has made such a difference in how I should properly communicate with my pup . Thanks Cesar !
 Highly recommend as always Ceaser Millan surparses with his logic & knowledge of all things in the canine mind superb
 Cesars DVD 's are a great help for anyone adopting a new dog . His method of training is quick and with practice easy to do . I highly recommend this DVD
 This video does n't disappoint , with Cesar Millan showing dog owners how to correct a variety of unwanted behaviors in their pets . As he says , he rehabilitates dogs and trains owners !! I know that by taking his advice , especially not talking so much to my dog and using the `` tsch , '' sound to correct her , I have been able to break some bad habits my Chihuahua had upon my adopting her . Being the Leader of the Pack is really the best way to have a balanced and happy dog , which makes for an enjoyable pet .
 Cesar Millan is such an extraordinary visionary and teacher . He has a profound understanding of both human and dog psychology and is able to help heal dog/human relationships that have gone out of balance.I so admire and respect all that he has to teach . I highly recommend all his work , this one is great because it is a selection of some of the best shows .
 This DVD has been very helpful.It is obvious that Cesar loves dogs and understands them is very good at coveying that understanding to the humans that need help with their dogs .
 We are raising Bella , a five month old yellow lab . Cesar Millan has been helpful explaining dog behavior ! Pictures let us know about his techniques .
 I do n't watch much TV , so the first time I heard about the dog whisperer was from my friend who is a dog sitter . And then , when I needed a good movie on animal psychology for our psychology class , I decided to take a look . And oh , boy , Cesar Millan does true magic with our four-legged friends . And it 's extremely fun too . I think these series should be an essential watch for anyone who even contemplates adopting a dog .
 Even thought I have had dogs all my life , this video has shown me that I am causing many of my dogs ' behavior problems in public . I had seen several of his shows , but this tape really struck home with me . I can now answer our front door without my visitors being barked at and jumped on.DVD is 108 minutes of some of the best cases so it can easily be watched in one viewing .
 Prior to knowing about Cesar Millan , I adopted a dog with a troubled past . It was necessary to go to a specialized trainer because the dog had some behavior concerns . We worked hard and now 5 years later i have a great dog who brings a lot of happiness to my life . When I watch Millan 's videos I am struck by the fact that he teaches the same techniques & philosophy I learned those 5 years ago and THEY WORK !!! Structure and balance in my relationship with the dog were key.Calm-assertive mentality is very important .
 Cesar is the master of helping people learn to relate to their dogs . My neighbors all think my puppy is amazingly well trained , but Cesar makes it simple - his methods and a little patience are all it takes .
 Whether you are a veteran dog owner or a new dog owner , Cesar Milan provides excellent tips for training and behavior problems . I highly recommend any of his books or DVDs in helping dog owners be at peace with their well behaved dog .
 I gave copies of this DVD to every member of my family with a dog . They loved it !
 This is a definite must have for anyone who cares about doing the right thing with respect to a dog . I always assumed that treating them like children was a good thing but Cesar Millan shows us how the proper treatment of a dog actually helps them to be more secure and all around better companions .
 I have always liked Cesar 's view and attitude . I just changed my `` attitude '' about my role with one of my dog-children I had considered to be the problem child . He was n't the problem , I was . I am providing him more structure about how things will go and it has helped . That , with consistency and more structured walks have been helping . Thanks , Cesar ! -LRB- The Very Best of Dog Whisperer , DVD -RRB-
 Very informative and entertaining at the same time . Cesar definitely knows what he is doing with these dogs ! Would recommend this to anyone wanting to observe and learn how to handle dogs in a POSITIVE way .
 Video arrived today . I have not opened it but it appears to be in great shape . thank you
 Well worth a viewing . Covers an interesting concept -- the loss of senses , co-mingled with experiencing intensified emotions just beforehand and how human beings cope . Not exactly apocalyptic in its message ; watch and see .
 Truly amazing ! Better than Alien Dreamtime , but in the same vein . The graphics are even better , and the music is compelling even without Stephen Kent on didgeridu . What this one has that AD lacks is a storyline with characters . If you 're familiar with Terernce McKenna 's writings , you 'll have no trouble figuring out what `` blue apple '' really is !
 very interesting ... Lady Miss Kier -LRB- of Dee-Lite fame -RRB- makes a groovy and bizarre appearance . great CGI stuff here , plus an interesting storyline that weaves in and out of the graphics . philosophical , makes you think ...
 Private Snuffy Smith is a wonderful old film . The DVD has significantly improved the original video quality.The movie synopsis takes you back to where the military would give you food , clothes , and a 21 dollars a day . Coming from a background of moon shining and avoiding creditors , Smith joins the army . While in the army a stolen invention gets slipped into his bag , and the rest of the movie keeps getting better.Good copy , recommend !
 Good Movie . However , not one of the best women in prison movies that the 70 's has been so well known for , but it 's certainly worth watching . Grier and Markov make for a great tag team . They 're both really hot women and even get nude together in one scene -LRB- that alone makes the film worth seeing -RRB- . One thing that makes the movie stand out from the rest -LRB- prison flicks -RRB- is the fact that it 's more than just a prison flick , 60 percent of the movie takes place outside of the prison walls . One of the major highlights is a super catfight between Grier and Markov -LRB- meow -RRB- All in all this is a must see for Grier fans . Also if you want to see these two in another film together check out the ARENA .
 I do n't understand anyone who says that this is one of the worst exploitation films they have ever seen . Just the title alone gives this cult status and all the ingredients are here for it being an extremely fun film to watch . Yeah I 'll admit that women 's Prison flicks are terrible . They are all about getting girls naked . BAD action sequences & Horrible acting always plague these movies . They 're usually made for teenagers who watch late night SKINemax . Black Mama White Mama on the other hand is fun . It does n't take it self seriously . It even has drama that is topped off with a dramatic ending.Cult figure Pam Grier gets her first starring role in this WIP -LRB- `` Women in Prison '' -RRB- . She plays a convicted hooker who escapes from prison , chained together to another prisoner -LRB- a white woman convicted of sedition -RRB- . The film starts off as any typical 1970s exploitation movie , but it changes gears quickly , becoming a female variation of Kramer 's The Defiant Ones -LRB- 1958 -RRB- . It is a welcome twist to the old formula . Grier is allowed to play a more feminine , gentler role here , and she does a great job with her character . Margaret Markov is effective as Grier 's unlikely partner in crime . Fans of Zombie 's House of 1,000 Corpses -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and The Devil 's Rejects -LRB- 2005 -RRB- will recognize cult character actor Sid Haig ; he is a hoot as Ruben The Cowboy.Plenty of violence , blood , and sex are combined with a silly subplot about a group of revolutionaries . I thought director Romero did a good job in sustaining the initial momentum , and I liked how the potentially sappy finale remained tough and cruel to the very last second . Morally dubious , but entertaining , and a great showcase for the incomparable Pam Grier . Co-written by Jonathan Demme . This would probably get an NC-17 if released today.One thing for sure is that you wo n't ever see a film like this and probably never would . `` Black Mama , White Mama '' is certainly not a masterpiece but it is worth a look .
 Remember seeing this couple years ago on one of the skin-a-max channels . Lots of Nudity and Cat Fight action , Cheesy stuff , but Good to watch . Pam Grier whether in a crappy movie or not is fun to watch .
 A shower scene in the first five minutes , cat-fights , lesbian prison guards , Pam Grier & Sid Haig ; how is it possible that neither Jack Hill nor Roger Corman had anything to do with this movie?This movie is not really just a Women in Prison flick though as the two main characters spend most of the movie as escapees fleeing across an island from a crime-boss cowboy -LRB- Haig , in one of his best roles -RRB- . I found this movie to be just as entertaining as anything from Roger Corman or Jack Hill -LRB- whom I 'm a huge fan of -RRB- . It has all the sleazy , violent , and humorous moments you would expect from either of those two auteurs . I will admit that I had a few -LRB- 9-10 -RRB- drinkies while watching this , but they were small-ish glasses -LRB- I put ice in 'em too , so some of it was water -RRB- , but regardless of my level of inebriation , this movie is a keeper if you are a fan of the fun side of 70 's exploitation movies such as Coffy or Switchblade Sisters . Plus it features the wonderful Pam Grier , who makes any movie better merely by being present on screen.When it comes to this type of cult film on DVD , you can do much , much worse than MGM home video . While there are no real special features besides the trailer on this DVD , the widescreen print is clean and clear and the colors are vivid.Purchase with confidence .
 Another Pam Grier prison girl sexplotation film made in the Philippines . Pam goes to prison and arrives with a bunch of other women in time to take a shower . While the girl 's frolic , the warden -LRB- Laurie Burton -RRB- spies on them and pleasures herself . In spite of having a regular guard as a girlfriend , the warden wants Pam Grier . Pam rejects her advances , but Margaret Markov does not . This causes friction between the girls who later give us a cat fight with up skirts.Through a series of circumstances the 2 girls manage to escape except they are chained to each other -LRB- film also released under the title `` Chained Women '' -RRB- . Blondie wants to get guns to the revolutionaries while Pam has some cash stashed and wants off the island . Good old fashion 70 's drive-in standard.Ample above the waist nudity , no silicon , near rape .
 Pam Grier is THE dish in this blaxploitation Classic !! Sleazy , campy lesbian undertones and some truly hilarious dialogue make this watchable again and again
 I like Pam Grier and think she was very good in all her prison movies and whatever she does.Good movie
 I love Pam Grier ! I grew up in Detroit and as a white kid in the seventies , no female actress got me so excited about women and sex as Pam Grier did . She 's the ultimate sex symbol woman!I just recently bought a Blu-ray triple feature collection called `` The Women in Cages '' collection . A Roger Corman release that `` Shout Records '' saw some selling potential to release onto Blu-Ray . Well , that was a good move , because even thought some of the acting was unforgivably , mildly , atrocious , the girls all looked so good . And that 's what 's what 's important to me . I have the DVD 's of `` Black Mama , White Mama '' , `` Coffy '' , and `` Foxy Brown '' , so now , more than ever , I want these films released as remastered Blu-Ray releases.People who concentrate so hard on living for the moment , and only caring about the current movie releases of the day , are never going to see the art of sexy , saucy cinema that was so much more apparent in the seventies.There use to be a time where the natural art of just looking good , was more important than all that CGI , which in a way , detracts from the story and only makes a film look like meaningless but impressive moving art . Bring back the `` natural beautiful woman '' to film , because I sure miss movies when the seems all looked natural and realistic.Watch any of these early Pam Grier films and you 'll see what I mean .
 WIP hybrid action flick highly entertained me.Non-stop action as two women escapees fight crooked law and military goverment , battle mercenaries and join in a revolutionary war.If you like any of Pam Grier 's starring roles , you will like this one , as it 's just as good as any of the best 70 's expoiltation action flicks .
 It 's hard to describe the impact this movie has had on my life . I 've been considered a bit of a flossing prodigy and I 've had a hard time living up to such expectations . This movie , though , set me straight.What you 're going to get from Black Mama , White Mama is a straightforward statement on race relations in the United States . We have two women in America . Both have children . One is black and one is white . It 's about the struggles that each have as powerful women in a male dominated society . What it 's like to be a strong black woman . And what it 's like to be a strong white woman ... in a society where you 're automatically labeled a B * tch when you tell others what to do and why you do n't like them much ... it 's called being straightforward.Anyway . Black History Month should n't just be about MLK , Jr. . Or Malcolm X . It should be about powerful movies like this one , that make a strong statement about race relations between women in America that have children and have to get up everyday and get out of bed and use the bathroom and drink O.J. from the carton .
 DIS IS DA PAM GURL MOVIE ... SHE IS DA BEST GURL IN PLANET CAUSE SHJE LOOX HOT WITH GOOD LOOKIN HOTTAS ... DA BOMB MAN DA BOMB !!!!! I LOVE DAT GURLS MOVIE ... MARRY ME
 Mitch Irish ! ` nuff said . This man should be a legend . The performance of `` The Friends '' is the only reason I voted 5 stars . Have n't seen the movie yet , but I ordered it to see Mitch ... I love him . I only dream he takes off the restraining order so I can smell his hair one last time .
 John Sayles is a true independant filmmaker who not only finances , directs , edits and writes his movies but often times acts in and writes music for them . For `` Honeydripper '' Sayles did it all , and he wrote a couple of songs . He has dealt with the African American experience in movies before like
 John Sayles , perhaps more than any other American filmmaker , has his finger on the pulse of what make this country special . A gifted storyteller , not one of his films is alike , but hes 's at his best when he takes a small moment in time and uses it to explore a major change . EIGHT MEN OUT uses the Black Sox scandal to reflect the loss of innocence of our nation . LONE STAR uses a murder mystery to unearth skeletons long hidden , etc. . With HONEYDRIPPER , Sayles latest , he explores the moment Blues Became Electric , opening the door for Rock & Roll , the dominant music of the last half of the 20th Century . He does so in the style of the late August Wilson , using quiet rhythms and essentially one locale to tell the story . In the process , he gets allows his stellar cast to deliver some great performances , including Danny Glover , Charles S. Dutton , Keb Mo , Vondie Curtis-Hall and newcomer YaYa Dacosta , as China Doll . Gary Clark , Jr. is a little stiff in his acting debut , but once he picks up the guitar , he puts a smile on your face . Parts of the story may move a little slow , but Honeydripper 's built for comfort , not for speed . Once you know the plot , you 'll begin to pick out minor details in the fabric of the film that absolutely glow . Mind you , this is a film that could never be made within the Hollywood studio system , so if you 're looking for Rush Hour 3 , then move along . But if you like a good story told well or just love the Blues , Honeydripper deserves a spot on your personal video shelf .
 Having lived in the south for many years , `` Honeydripper '' was a nostalgic trip for us . Thought the acting excellent for the most part . Certainly the setting rang true . There is a long wait for the music , but the reward is worth it .
 I was looking for a musical when I came across this and started to watch . Was surprised to find it a story about how music saved a man , his family , his business , and a drifter . It 's a very good depiction about the times and the struggles the blacks had and that they could make it by sticking together . I gave it 5 stars only because that 's as high as it goes . Oh , and by the way , I 'm white .
 I love movies that provide insight in how 20th-century American music developed in the transitional period between the heyday of blues and the coming of rock and roll ! It 's fascinating to see , looking back , how people were dumbfounded at the idea of an electric guitar -LRB- `` How does it make a sound ? There 's no soundhole ! '' -RRB- The 50 's and 60 's were definitely the most exciting decades for being a musician -- new ideas , musical styles and technology were developing at rapid speeds all over the place . What this movie does is provide an insight in how these kind of changes impacted a smalltown community in the south in 1950 . The famous Guitar Sam -LRB- a character very obviously inspired by real blues artist Guitar Slim -RRB- backs out on a gig at the Honeydripper . No problem , some local upstart kid with an electric guitar can fill in for him -- as Guitar Sam ! The people in the community are so technologically deprived that they do n't even know what Guitar Sam looks like , even though they eagerly flock to the club to see him perform!Danny Glover does a great job in portraying the down-on-his-luck club owner , who needs to free himself of debt and his own demons stemming from an incident in his past . Keb Mo also does a great job in playing the guitar-playing character who embodies these demons.Great music from Keb Mo and the other artists who supply the music . The piano playing during the end credits is some of the best blues piano playing you will ever hear ! Fantastic ! Great movie ! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 I had never heard of this movie and happened to catch the tale end one night on HBO . I could n't find it in the video store . So , like always I thought check Amazon.There it was and a great prices . This is a great movie about the history of our country . A world our children and their children will never stand by and allow the mis-treatment of another Human , any where and for an Reason .
 Yes it was a little slow in parts , but I just could n't turn it off once it started . I loved the characters and really cared about them . I never was in the rural south during the 50s , although I spent some time in Fort Benning , Georgia in 1951 , but it sure felt like I was there during this movie . Danny Glover was made for the part and Stacy Keach was unforgettable as the sheriff . I would put this in a class like `` Cinema Paradiso '' , just a gem of a movie . I loved the music also .
 Nice movie , R rated title , but not so much . sometimes slow but acting is superb !
 This is indeed a great movie by director John Sayles , that sometimes reminds of `` Hallelujah '' with its almost all-black cast and the central place it gives to music . But the atmosphere and point are completely different and unique , meandering through comedy , suspense and romance . Most enjoyable !
 In an era when the southern blues are giving way to rock and roll , this is a story of a small cotton town.The young guitar player comes in riding the rails , the older piano player is running -LRB- badly -RRB- the honeydipper club.The story is about the coming together of the forces in the town to make something new . `` Time to make way for what is coming next . `` I liked the plot and the music here .
 I got excellent service . I received my order in only a few days . The product was of great quality . It was very easy and convienent .
 In the recent past in this space I have gone on and on about the old country blues performed after a hard , hard week 's work on a Saturday in the local ` juke joints ' down in the southern United States in places like rural Mississippi and Alabama before World War II . Of course , then the music took the road north , especially after the war and got electrified to fit the needs of the new black migration that was heading up river to find work -LRB- and get the hell away from Jim Crow -RRB- in the newly unionized -LRB- in most cases -RRB- industrial plants . But what about those left behind , or those who did not or could not go north ? Or just wanted to , or had to , keep away from the cities with their treacherous ways ? Answering those questions , in a nutshell , forms the plotline to this entertaining little saga about the trials and tribulations of modernization , blues version.Okay , here is the plot line . A struggling juke joint owner , Pine Top Purvis -LRB- also the house piano player -RRB- , played by star Danny Glover , is financially in deep trouble and needs a quick fix to keep the wolves from the door . Nothing seems to be working for the man , especially when a regionally well-known early R&B ; hot shot who is suppose to resolve all Danny 's financial problems is a no show . Not to worry , an itinerant R&B ; wannabe just happens to ride the blinds into town , gets himself into trouble -LRB- mainly for being black while seeking a work-some things never change -RRB- , and in the end is Danny 's salvation by performing a successful Saturday gig and saving the day.Along the way we also get small glimpse of black rural life including , naturally , the ardors of plantation life , - that means cotton picking , the tough times of small time musical talents , the role of the religious tent revival in rural life and needless to say , the confinements , large and small , of Jim Crow , physically , mentally and spiritually . I have reviewed plenty of film documentaries in this space that touch on the blues and the social milieu that it derived from . While those vehicles still give a historically more accurate account of what went into create that special blues idiom just before it got electrified this film is not a bad take on what that was all about - a little prettified up to be sure .
 I really liked how John Sayles went about making this movie and the actingwas very impressive . There are plently of sub plots that are going on while the main plot unfolds and to give some props to the director and the actors they pull it off without a hitch . This movie is a pleasure to watchand I recommend the movie Honeydripper highly .
 I saw Honeydripper last year and really enjoyed it a lot . It is n't your regular hollywood film . I have n't seen many of John Sayles ' films but will probably check them out . Do n't want to spoil anything , it 's a really good film ! : -RRB-
 As always Danny Glover and Charles Dutton are great actors in this move . I suggest that you buy and see for yourself especially if you like the older movies . I did not have any dislikes .
 I loved the concept of this movie and was pleasantly surprised that it held my interest . I was excited at scene after scene and the script was very well written . It was a bit short , but it ended well . I have purchased this movie to send to a friend . I watched it from a Netflix rental after seeing about 6 minutes of it on a recording following a movies that I taped on television . I wished that I had set the tape time to continue but I saw enough to know that I wanted to see more and so I rented it . The movie covered many areas of life in its depiction of the down home south backwoods of the south . The wooden juke house , lazy dialogue , injustice , death , laughter , music , flashbacks , hominess , church and everything country was a delight . I grew up in the dirt of the country in the Delta of Mississippi and the word &#34; Delta &#34; is mentioned in the movie . I never experienced all the things like in the movie , except I know what a field of cotton feels like and looks like -LRB- I was there once or twice -RRB- and I know how hot the sun is in those fields . This movie is refreshing because it 's not really predictable , but it is a little bit mainly because the scenes are n't predictably set up , but if you comprehend what 's going on you will nod your head to what happens next .
 thanks i liked this item it is very useful to me and i plan to use it every day thanks
 I have watched this movie over and over again . I just love it . Charles S. Dutton and Danny Glover were awesome !! I love the character Nadine and how she finally got her man . .
 This movie is very good . It has good music and it is a reminder of how far we have come .
 I FIRST SAW THIS MOVIE ON TV . I KNEW RIGHT AWAY I HAD TO HAVE IT IN MY DVD COLLECTION . THE VENDOR DID A GREAT JOB OF FAST AND ACCURATE SERVICE . I ALWAYS CHECK AMAZON AND THE OTHER GUY FOR THE BEST PRICE .
 I started watching this movie on stars and was n't able to finish . the movie was so interesting , I had to see the restso I went on Amazon and sure enough they had it . well I was so pleased I ordered it , and by the weekend -LRB- saturday morning -RRB- I was enjoying it . loved the movie , enjoyed the ending .
 a great family move , wounderful look into the blues and rock-n-roll era . ther was action adventure history and most important romance .
 I love this movie I think that Joshua Jackson is grea
 I think that this movie is great . I think that Vincent Larusso is the cutest . That 's all I have to say .
 When I saw the first 2 Mighty Ducks I fell in love with them the 1st time saw them , bust I think the characters that they piked for the movie and the laughs that it gave me me and plus it was like I could picture me in because they were like ordinary kids an you could pichture yourself in them , how they speaktheir minds like me a many kids . I think the 3rd is the best because if you hate things you do n't really pay atention , like if you dis like a kid or if their mean to you get back them and thats exacly what they do so they do n't walk all over you and teaches me a kid that stick up for yourself do n't let people walk over you . So it teaches lessons in even if I do n't think so while your laughing at joes or scenes . Even if you do n't like hockey rent or buy them , their the best movie out their on the market . No matter how old you are . Thats why I love them so so so so much .
 The Mighty Ducks return for a 3rd movie and now are in high school . But there are a couple of changes for the Mighty Ducks , even for Charlie -LRB- Joshua Jackson -RRB- , who acts like he did in the first movie . The movie begins with short clips from the first two movies , and most of the Mighty Ducks has now entered high school and now are playing hockey for Elden Hall . But the big change is that Gordon Bombay -LRB- Emilio Estevez -RRB- will not be coaching the Mighty Ducks that are now the school 's junior varsity team , because the junior goodwill games has named him director of player personal . And the new coach is Ted Orion -LRB- Jeffrey Nordling -RRB- who will not let them do anything they done turning childhood . When a girl asks Charlie to sign a pention to changed the Warrior name , Charlie names the following teams , the Indians , the Braves , the Redskins , and the Blackhawks . But more trouble happens , when Orion posts the postions the players will play , moving Banks to varsity team , and making Julie -LRB- Colombe Jacobson -RRB- the head goalie and making Goldberg back up and Goldebrg complains `` What am I , chopped liver ? '' . So he gives her junk food , and she gets sick during pratice , and coach orion says `` Julie the cat ! What 's the Matter , you ate a fur ball ? '' . During the first two peroids of the first game , Charlie and the other Warriors score a lot of goals on the thier foe and makes Julie bored , so she starts complain `` Come on guys , give me sommething to do '' . And even sings `` Fulton scored , Fulton scores , I am really bored , Fulton 's great , Fulton 's great , a year ago he could n't even skate '' , after Fulton scores a goal . The Nanny 's Benjamin Salisbury plays the announcer of the Warriors , who is also a student at Elden Hall .
 The Mighty Ducks . Perhaps the best live-action series that has been put out by Disney to date . In this , the third movie in the series we see the Ducks receive scholarships to the prestigious Eden Hall Academy . At the same time , Coach Bombay has decided to move on and will be partaking in the Goodwill Games . In going to Eden Hall , the team acquires a new coach who is not as pleasant as Coach Bombay was . In fact , he could be best described as a nightmare . At the same time the Ducks bump heads with the championship varsity team . In the end the two square off in an excellent game of hockey . Leading up to the game , many of the typical hyjinks take place . Aside from the Ducks having their scholarhips on the line and other set-backs , the exchange of pranks between the two teams is simply classic . In the climatic third-period of the game the Ducks will have to prove why they are that quack-tastic . Will they do it ?? I ca n't say , but D3 is a movie you do n't want to miss . Disney has done it again with another great movie that anyone in the family can enjoy , so pick up today as you wo n't be disappointed .
 First off , I must say this , I 've never seen the first two Mighty Ducks movies and I 'm not especially a hockey lover . But I must confess I thought this movie was terrific and fun ! Mostly aimed for teenagers , this is a great movie to watch!The whole team `` Mighty Ducks '' have won scholarships to prestigious Eden Hall
 Ok after D2 coach Bombay stops coaching the Ducks because he is still in charge of the junior division.Then the recurring Ducks -LRB- everyone except for Jesse Jackson from the original and 2nd mighty ducks -RRB- come back to hopefully reform the Ducks with the only Coach they ever knew.Well soon they find out that Coach Bombay is not going to be in charge and then they are sent to an stuck up private school on an free scholarship.Well here 's the introduction for the setting of the movie ... but you 'll have to see the rest.Oh yeah , Quack , Quack , QuackQuack ... for the Mighty Ducks like you 've never seen them before!Quack !
 This film is a beneficial aspect of any video library , it 's great for kids and parents alike . Theres enough wholesome goodness to gag on and enough action for your kids to sit back and watch in awe ! The perfect end to the perfect series .
 i think that this has to be the best episode within the Mighty Ducks Triology !!!! The reason why i prefer this episode to the others is because there is more , faster hockey actually being played !! The kids in the movies are just has funny , but they are just that little bit older , plus Germaine is much more cuter !! but has anyone noticed that on Fulton Reed 's Hockey Jersey , he has his name ` FULTON ' on the back off his shirt rather than ` REED ' which is his sirname , whereas others have their sirnames . Just wandering ...
 iam not 12 IM 16 THIS COMPUTER WOULD N'T LET ME PUT THAT IN ! i love this film and all the other mighty ducks movies ! there all really good . Josh Jackson is my fave actor by far . but that would be because i LOVE JOSH ! this film is my fave because the story line is a bit different than the other ones . they are growing up and changing . it shows that some of them want a career in hockey . Avermon and charlie are my fave actors in this one . people who say this is n't as good as the other ones are mad . its brill and i love to watch it .
 I 'm a huge fan of the Mighty Ducks trilogy . I must say that this film is my favorite . This one , I thought , had more of a plot . Some moments were inspirtational to me , and the fighting between the two teams really gets you into the movie . You do n't have to be a fan of hockey in the least bit to love this movie . I make my friends watch it with me , and they all love it . The only thing I found disturbing here , was that Joshua Jackson was again the big star , I think more charachters like Gee Germaine and Adam Banks should be in the spotlight more . I must say , there is not one girl that does n't like a certain someone 's stripping scence in the penalty box ! But all in all , it 's a great movie and I highly recommend it .
 This movie is great ! It is soooo funny ! - You do n't have to be in love with hockey to love this movie . One of the best sequels I 've ever seen ! Plus , it has cutie Joshua Jackson as one of the main characters and he is truly a great actor .
 I LOVE THIS MOVIE . THE PRANKS BOTH TEAMS PULLED WERE GREAT . THERE IS ALSO MORE OF A STORY LINE IN D3 THEN THE OTHER TWO . THE DUCKS ARE NUMBER ONE !
 The movies did have the same plot , but the director and the perfect cast made all three movies turn out great . Aaron Lohr looks great in the penalty box . I do n't like hockey that much -LRB- not including high school -RRB- , but these movies made watching hockey a little more fun . The pranks the Varsity and Ducks played on each other were phat !
 Although it is the weakest `` duck '' movie , but it has a lot of value to learn for a teenajor who is in transition for growing up . The lesson about life that `` coach orion '' said is very useful for everyone , not just teenajor ... good luck finding it with your `` confidence ''
 I , of course , loved the movie . But what can you expect from someone who 's obsessed with Josh Jackson ?
 The movies did have the same plot , but the director and the perfect cast made all three movies turn out great . Aaron Lohr looks great in the penalty box . I do n't like hockey that much -LRB- not including high school -RRB- , but these movies made watching hockey a little more fun . The pranks the Varsity and Ducks played on each other were phat !
 It is good film and really funny any veiwer would love it.Ilove the parts when the teams play jokes on each other .
 I love this movie ! It is very funny . For all of us girls there are hot guys in it . Well anyway , this is an awesome movie ! Buy it today and you wo n't be dissapointed !
 This was a great movie , but as in the other two , Josh Jackson is the main star . It would have been better with more focus on the other stars , especially on Garette Henson . All in all , I think it was good and would like to see more of these movies . You can really get into the storyline .
 I love this movie I think that Josha Jackson is grea
 Alright I admit that all three of the `` Mighty Duck '' movies have practically the same plot - but they are all good . Any girl would get D3 just for the chance to see Portman -LRB- Aaron Lohr -RRB- with no shirt on !! And the pranks the Varsity and Ducks play on each other are priceless !
 Brought back a lot of memories ! I loved every minute of this movie and I think the quality is great !
 a good finale to the series . funny yet fun like all the other films . good hockey filming and a good story .
 Great video for the kid in all of us . Anyone who likes hockey will love the three Mighty Duck movies .
 Gordon Bombay -LRB- Emilio Estevez -RRB- and his underdog hockey team are back again in this third installment to the Mighty Ducks legacy . In `` D3
 The product was in the original case and still had plastic on it . It plays great . I am impressed .
 THIS MOVIE IS JUST AS GOOD AS THE FIRST TWO - EMILIO ESTEVEZ IS EXCELLENT AND THE KIDS PLAYING THE `` MIGHTY DUCKS '' ARE VERY GOOD AS WELL . IT KEEPS YOUR ATTENTION AND IS FUN AND VERY ENTERTAINING .
 If you liked watching the first two then you will love the third !!! I know I did !!
 The fanfics around this time period are a lot better . Adam needed to be in the movie more . And where was Jesse ? They are my two favorites . Other then that good movie . I was 18 years old when I saw this movie in the theater . I felt old but enjoyed it . D2 was the best of the three however .
 As a kid I only knew this as Voyage into Space -LRB- how they came up with that I do n't know -RRB- though I always referred to it as the Giant Robot movie . I remember looking for it in the TV Guide -LRB- the weekly one from the newspaper -RRB- every year around summertime . I loved this movie so much I always made my older brother make Giant Robot out of clay -LRB- hey , Atari 2600 was n't even out yet at that time . -RRB- . I never knew its official name and imagine my surprise when I found out the movie was actually an amalgamation of a TV series . I 've bought poorly made merchandise and copies -LRB- unofficial and bad quality -RRB- from it whenever I ran across such in a store or convention . Now , I can watch the whole series and the WHOLE story all in glorious color and great quality . < swings arms left then right then straight forward and pretends to shoot rockets , the whole time making the grruff sound GR makes > Truly awesome stuff . Thx Amazon and Unbox . * only 4 stars because I would really like these on DVD for archival purposes and would love to see some extras about cast and crew .
 If you grew up in the early 70 's you will certainly remember Johnny raising his wrist watch to his lips and saying , `` Fly giant robot fly . '' A classic even after 40 years . My only complaint is that it ca n't be purchased on DVD but must be downloaded from an Amazon type media player .
 Will nobody ever listen ? This explosive documentary reveals the horrific nature of Castro 's Cuba . Yet here we are 90 miles away , decades later and still no one listens . 80,000 have died ... even the director of this film is dead ! However the DVD is available ... and still nobody listens ! What earthquake will it take to wake up American consciousness to the brutality that lies 90 miles away in Castro 's Stalinist gulag ? We only focus on a silly embargo while human beings are being tortured by a cruel dictator . It 's the theater of the absurd . How can we continue to turn a blind eye ? Buy or rent this ... expose what is still going on ! People are still tortured while our nation fills the theaters to see ` Motorcycle Diaries ' about the assassin known as Che Guevara . When all is said and done how will history judge us ? We remained silent for over 48 years while `` nobody listened '' . What does that say about our allegedly `` informed '' society ? The information is here in this bold documentary ... there are no excuses . A Holocaust continues 90 miles from the United States ! Dare we claim ignorance yet again !
 A Man Called Sledge stars James Garner as Luther Sledge , an outlaw who attempts to lead his gang in a robbery of an enormous gold shipment guarded by a Gatling gun and a cavalry company . Claude Akins , Dennis Weaver , and John Marley as gang members with other recognizable faces from other spaghetti westerns . Not one of the best westerns made in Italy , but very entertaining . Very pessimistic ending . An excellent musical score -LRB- as is typical with spaghetti westerns although it is n't Ennio Morricone -RRB- . Garner is very good as the lead role , a part similar to his role in Hour of the Gun as Wyatt Earp . Well worth the price !
 This 95 minute 1970 western stars James Garner and Dennis Weaver , both with mustaches , both gunfighters , and robbers , is an enjoyable film . Garner is the boss of a gang of seven men , including himself . Garner hears from an old man about three hundred dollars in gold being held in a strong safe in a prison . He figures out that if he were taken as a prisoner , he and his men could release the over five hundred prisoners , and while the officials are trying to collect the prisoners , he and his men can steal the gold . But , as a song sung during the film says , there is a curse that goes along with other men 's gold . Matters go wrong because of love , hate , greed , and gambling .
 I have always liked James Garner . He plays a great part in this movie too . The movie got to me in one piece so I trust the company that sent it . I will use this company again when I need them .
 I love this movie , it 's a great addition to my library , and it 's one -LRB- l -RRB- that I will be viewing frfom time to time .
 GREAT ORDER PROCESSING AND DELIVERY . I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THE 2 CASES I PURCHASED . I PLAN ON CONTINUING TO USE AMAZON AND ITS PROVIDERS FOR FUTURE PURCHASES . WELL DONE !!!!
 We LOVE this movie ! It has a kind of bad review but we bought it anyway , and we love it ! It is a good old Western , and you grab a bowl of popcorn , and your Honey ... you 're SET ! It was here on time . Thank you , Amazon !
 James Garner in A Man Called Sledge > Certainly a complete change for James , vicious callous and unforgiving throughout the whole movie > A terrific western . Picture quality and sound were great , and although it was dubbed in places it did not distract from enjoyment of the movie . Great Stuff . A most for all western fans .
 Although this is a spaghetti western and overall a good one starring James Garner , Dennis Weaver , Calude Adkins and Wayde Preston . The movie may not be the most famous , but I loved it from the start to the end , James Garner is awesome in this movie . It kind of keeps you in suspense from the beginning to the end when they try to get the gold and then escape . This is a must have for western fans or James Garner fans .
 For some reason , this movie sticks with me . I think maybe it has to do with the feelings certain characters have about their situation
 We watched this as a rental . It moved both of us to tears . The movie is one of the best we have seen . The story unfolds gently and captures the viewers ' hearts . I bought it as a gift for a relative who will be equally moved by the story . Amazon sent the item quickly after I ordered it . Many thanks to hardworking personnel .
 A moving story of a talented dancer , Li Cunxin , who defected from Communist China to remain in the United States to develop his dance the way he felt he should and not follow the Communist line.It is well produced and the dancing is superb .
 In Mao 's Last Dancer , an eleven year old peasant boy is selected to study ballet in Beijing , China . Then , he is taken away abruptly from his worried mother and father and many siblings . Against his will , he discovers his true talent in dancing . The young boy wonders if he will ever see his family again.Against the backdrop of the cruel and callous communism movement the young boy develops into a powerful yet graceful ballet dancer . All the while , he thinks of his family and questions whether dancing is his destiny.Despite the Red Army 's insistence that he is not ready to travel to America , his stern and often criticizing teacher picks him as the one to go to America . There , he falls in love and is befriended by American dance instructor who helps propel him to international stardom . He discovers freedom and his dancing skills expand along with his mind . Every time he performs the crowd is silent as they witness someone performing what he was born to do.Good things never last , as the young Chinese ballet dancer realizes when he falls in love and has to choose between his girlfriend and his family . A political conundrum ensues at the American Chinese consulate which leaves everyone wondering what will happen . I wo n't give away the ending but I will say this , the love and hope of a mother and father is more powerful than any government , foreign or domestic . This incredible chronicle is based on a true story ; Li Cunxin has loved , suffered and lived the American dream . That is , to persevere against all odds while preserving one 's integrity and believes . Mao 's Last Dancer is a masterpiece .
 Two thumbs up for the movie producers ! In a world of prevailing prejudice , it took someone with real heart , guts and sincere belief in art and humanity to take on this `` unappealing '' and difficult-to-make topic -LRB- a Chinese man as ballet dancer -RRB- and successfully made it into a very appealing movie .
 This is one of the best movies I 've seen in a long time ! Ca n't wait for the DVD to come out !
 This is an amazing video on so many levels ! The book paints an even more vivid picture of life under the Mao regime and how a young boy grew into a man through the world of dance .
 I saw this show at a movie museum with friends and thought it was a documentary , so was n't planning on enjoying it too much . I was very surprised at how the film captures the true essence of what life was like for a struggling family with a son trying to make it big in life . it is truly inspirational , well acted , and invokes a lot of emotion in you . I would highly recommend this to anyone ... especially to those who take life for granted
 Realizing that movies will often take liberties with the facts I was curious how close this movie reflected what really happened . The name and story of Li Cunxin was already familiar to me as my daughter was a student there at the time Li came to Houston and actually married a young dancer who had been brought in from Great Britain the same way Li Cunxin had been brought in from China.Being part of that same group of young dancers gave my future son-in-law many opportunities to get to know Li so I was curious to ask him how faithful the movie was to the facts as he recalled them . He said first of all that he enjoyed the movie and found it followed the facts reasonably well . He also remarked how extremely poor Li 's family in China had been as Li seemed to reflect on that part of his life to the other dancers to try and help them understand the vast differences he was experiencing in the USA.One point he mentioned had to do with the scene near the end of the movie where Li has the opportunity to dance while his parents are present . He said he was not present at that performance but has a good friend who had attended who told him Li 's parents did not go on stage as shown . In addition he believed the performance was of a different ballet but Li was dancing the main male lead.Overall he was enthusiastic about the movie and I too found it of interest . If you are a fan of ballet you will probably enjoy this one .
 I do n't know Li Cun-xin , but I would have loved to have had him in my class . This is a realy good and well made work . I 've viewed it several times with increasing pleasure each time . It would be impossible to find a better fellow to play the leading role .
 Based upon a true story , this movie will enthrall you . It truly is a remarkable tale of the chances in life and how they can turn out . The dancing is absolutely incredible and beautiful . This is definitely one for your collection .
 This recently made very moving film is based on the auto-biography of one of the world 's best ballet dancers , Li Cunxin . When he was eleven years old in China , living with his parents and six siblings , a delegation from a Beijing dance academy selected him to study ballet in Beijing far from his family . Mao was the dictator of China at the time and the people lived a cruel , impoverished , ever-fearful life . Li suffered in the academy because of homesickness and harsh treatment . But there was one compassionate teacher at the academy who gave Li advice that helped him become one of China 's greatest dancers . Then , he was given the opportunity to dance with a ballet company in Houston , Texas , with the proviso that he must return to China in a month . Li was enchanted by the freedom in America and by the people he met , including a beautiful woman , a member of the ballet company but , unfortunately , not a very good dancer . The film tells what happens to Li when he tells the Chinese officials that he wants to stay in the US , how they kidnap him , what a Texas lawyer does , how he is told that he can never go back to China and never see his family again , how at an emotional moment at the end of a ballet ... . This film is worth seeing .
 I 've been looking on Amazon for this movie for several weeks now and for reasons I do n't understand , it was not available from them , only from outside vendors and at very high prices . However , Target has just released an Exclusive edition of both the DVD and the Blue Ray discs and they are on sale this week -LRB- DVD is listed at $ 14.99 but is on sale for $ 10 and Blue Ray is listed at $ 17.99 and is also on sale -RRB- . So I was finally able to get my own copy yesterday and watched this incredible movie last night . For those still looking for the USA market DVD or Blue Ray versions , look no more and go to your near Target and buy your copy.I usually do n't promote other sellers on Amazon 's website and I 'm quite loyal to them as they are the best vendors in the planet and I get all my movies , books , and cds from them , but I know how frustrating it is when you 're looking for something and ca n't find it anywhere , so I 'm making an exception with this product , hoping that Amazon wo n't mind . Thank you for reading .
 i have watched this movie and can tell you first hand that it is quite factual . i actually worked with lee years ago when all this took place . it happened as it says in the movie . matter of fact , i learned more about what actually transpired in the consulate . we were in the dark when it happened . i was among the group that went to china immediately after the event . it was indeed a tense time . i consider my lucky to have been there at the exact moment all this occurred . he was a superb dancer and remains a superb person . i consider it an honor to know him . the dancing in the film is really wonderfully done . the guy portraying lee is an incredible dancer and can act as well . you wo n't go wrong with this movie . far more true-to-life than black swan .
 While so much attention was being focused on `` Black Swan , '' a truly splendid movie about ballet was being virtually ignored in the U.S. . The movie is `` Mao 's Last Dancer , '' based on the life of dancer Li Cunxin . The film tells of his early years growing up in one of those repressive communes that dotted China 's landscape during Mao 's reign of terror . Selected for the Beijing ballet , Li trains himself to be a technically `` perfect '' dancer , and gains party approval for his performances in politically saturated ballets glorifying the Red revolution . But when Li is permitted to travel to Houston as a guest artist , he discovers a whole new world that puts him at odds with his Communist background . The film goes on to record his successes in the U.S. , his marriage to an American dancer , the attempt of the Chinese embassy to kidnap and return him to China , and more . If you think you know where this film is going , you have n't given it enough credit for providing unexpecteed twists and turns . The cast is uniformly first-rate , especially Chi Cao -LRB- as Li -RRB- who is superb as actor and dancer . Director Bruce Beresford handles the narrative masterfully . The musical score by Christopher Gordon combines Eastern and Western music ; in itself it is worth the price of admission . The dance sequences are spectacular . If you 've never seen `` Mao 's Last Dancer , '' you owe it to yourself to discover this multi-faceted gem .
 This gives a true insight into life in Communist China ... not the kind of pro-Mao fantasy that comes out of Hollywood , but rather the truth.It 's a beautiful love story , love between family members , friends , romance , and love of freedom in America . The dancing is amazing!Since it is an Australian film , it was hard to find a DVD in American formatting and was more expensive , but SO worth it . I saw it in the theater first and had to buy it for my friends to see and for my daughter , who is a professional ballet dancer . Everyone loves this movie !
 MAO 'S LAST DANCER -LRB- 2009 -RRB- is yet more proof why I ADORE anything filmed Down Under - and makes me angry that we have to wait up to 2 years to see any of it . It is a fine family film that deserved a G rating -LRB- I do n't know what it got -RRB- . This is the biography of famous Australian , Chinese-born Li Cunxin -LRB- played by real-life ballet star Cu Cao , a/k/a Chi Cao -RRB- , based on his autobiography of the same title . This great Australian danseur noble - now a stockbroker and proud father of three boys - hand-picked Cao to play him in the film . Cao , a spectacular actor in his film debut here , in real life is a stunningly beautiful danseur noble with the Birmingham Ballet -LRB- danseur noble is what the ` male ballerina ' is called , for all you ignorant ones out there -RRB- . Cao 's parents were both teachers of the real Li Cunxin during his student days at the Beijing Art Academy in the 1970s until around 1980 . This stunning though occasionally corny movie tells the truly dramatic story of Cunxin 's life , from his boyhood in a China filthy with communist politprop to his now-celebrated 1986 performance in Houston . The film elegantly flashes back to Cunxin 's childhood and teen years , and I am at a loss to comprehend how they found such beautiful boys to play him at ages 11 and 14 . His defection to the U.S. in Houston caused an international incident , with some sort of hostage situation at the consulate in Houston - it is portrayed very well here . I admit , I do not recall any of this . I was busy watching Baryshnikov back then . This film , while rich in the deep poetry of ballet , is also rather dismissive of details.Nothing is ever fully explained at any point and we are left to sort of guess at the events . Why ballet director Ben Stevenson -LRB- a brilliant Bruce Greenwood sporting a perfect British accent -RRB- is in bed with the Chinese government ; why the Chinese are even doing Western ballet at all during this time ; all kinds of unanswered details.To me , because this is an Australian production , the film is too accepting of Maoism and the subsequent , slightly less radical communism in China . Certain scenes apparently showcase China 's ` communist greatness ' and that made me feel sick . Why people round the world keep doing this I know not . All I know is communism is an evil that ought to be blighted forever.A powerful cast blooms around the jade-like , gorgeous Cao
 This film can be enjoyed on many levels - culturally , politically and artistically - by almost everyone . I have given it as a gift on more than one occasion .
 I had read this book and loved it so when the movie came I was a little worried it might not be as good . Needless to say it was great . I highly recommend it .
 This DVD is wonderful . The true story is sweet , and the skill and artistry of the dancers are exceptional ! Add it to your DVD collection
 Beautiful in every way ! An excellent combination of ballet and true life account of a Chinese boy who came to America . The best movie I have seen in a long time . Excellent from begining to end !
 On the recommendation of a friend , my wife and I picked up this film and settled in for a cultural experience . In the late '80s , I traveled in China and saw the hints of change happening as Maoism gave way to more modern forms of communism -- not that freedom of speech has ever been fully accepted to this day . I was curious to see how this film addressed that time period . `` Mao 's Last Dancer '' is based on the true story of Li , a male ballet dancer pulled from a small Chinese village to represent his country and government in the arts . He grows up in an institutional environment , basically raised by the state , just as many Chinese athletes still are to this day . Told in flashbacks , we see how he grew mentally and physically , and when at last he gets a chance to visit America for three months , we see his struggles to reconcile his anti-capitalist upbringing with the freedoms he finds in Houston , Texas . Li 's eyes are opened to a world of opportunity and free speech . Even as his Chinese controllers hope to draw him back from the brink , he makes choices that will affect his future as a family man , dancer , and human being.The flashbacks are done skillfully , making the story easy to follow , and the dance choreography is incredible . Although the film seems long , it is bolstered by its true-to-life source material , and the depictions of Chinese thinking seemed spot-on . My only complaint was a highly manipulative scene , in which the director attempts to fool the audience into believing something that we later find out is not true . Aside from this , I found this to be not only entertaining but a cultural education .
 I just saw Mao 's Last Dancer . It 's a true story about the defection of a dancer who grew up in communist China . Awesome views of the Chinese countryside and an eye opening look at the education system under Mao . If you enjoy ballet , you 'll love this movie !
 Sent this movie to my mom for Christmas . I had seen it earlier and knew she would love it . The title does n't seem as though it would be an exciting movie , however since it is based on a true story and truth is extremely exciting it can be edge of your seat . My dad who is an ex POW from the Korean war just knew he would not be interested but watched it with my mom and said , `` that is the best movie I have seen in a very long time ! '' Hmm ... enjoy
 Inspirational , excellent film based on a true story of a young boy taken into the Communist ballet school in Beijing of Madame Mao who strives to excel in a dance form totally foreign to the children in these classes . The ballet master manages to inspire Li to learn the complicated ballet moves from his own story of an archer who lifted logs for one year to become strong enough to bend a bow . He is allowed to come to America for a summer class with the Houston Ballet Company where he falls in love with an American dancer and defects through marriage but endeavors to persuade the Chinese authorities to allow him to stay in America and not take retribution upon his family still in China . The Chinese attempt to kidnap him and return him to China but diplomacy intervenes and he is allowed to stay in Houston . Of course the Chinese will not allow him to return home EVER to see his family which he reluctantly accepts . I 've always like Beresford 's other films and this one is right up there with Breaker Morant and Driving Miss Daisy , etc. . The dancer , Chi Cao of the Birmingham Royal Ballet is the mature Li and has won the Gold Medal of the international competition in Varna , Bulgaria and his dancing is just thrilling . The film is a well acted `` documentary '' based on Li 's book about his life in China and in ballet . Oddly , his parents were teachers of ballet and Chi Cao one of their students . Li chose him to act his life in the movie which was certainly appropriate . Joan Chen is wonderful as his mother - all the acting was very good and believable . I felt the bargain price of Amazon 's Prime offering a MUST HAVE THIS IN MY BALLET COLLECTION . I 've shown it to friends who are not ballet fans and they have all loved it !! Many people who have not been exposed to great ballet dancing are often amazed at the required athletic ability . Those who know of ballet appreciate Chi Cao 's artistic accomplishments and enjoy the dance sequences very much . The dance excerpts are quite short in nature but fit into the movie exactly right . Kudos to the creative artists and crew involved in the making of this film . A pure joy to watch - do n't miss the significance of the final lift at the end of the film . The culture clashes are well presented and the change in China 's society quite remarkable in a short period of time . The story is set in the 70 's and 80 's - China today is a much different place and all the better for it . Ballet fan or not - this is a terrific film and so enjoyable for the entire family . The movie is just wonderful !!
 `` Mao 's Last Dancer '' is a must see film . It 's a great combination of high drama and art . It tells the true story of how the US and China dealt with a dramatic confrontation early in our relation . It 's guanteed to move you to tears and it ends on an emotional high .
 This is a masterpiece . It moves my soul . The dancing is amazing and the music is exquisite . It makes me want to dance and has taught me a real appreciation of ballet . The final scene is glorious . It amazes me that this has not won several awards . The people who produced this are geniuses . Thank you
 My wife and daughter were watching a rental movie , ` Mao 's Last Dancer ' . I was working on computer & glance at TV every few minutes . Within about 5-10 minutes I was out of my chair , sitting on the edge of the couch and did n't leave until the movie was over . I loved it . I 'm not ` into ' dancing especially Ballet - but this was not just about Ballet . The whole story was great . It actually made me feel a bit more patriotic -LRB- we are blessed to live in the U.S. -RRB- . I even enjoyed the dancing -LRB- do n't tell my wife -RRB- . Thanks
 Without a doubt , this is one of the best movies ever . A true story reflecting Mao 's Chinaand how it impacted the life of one very young boy and his family . And , in the years thatfollowed , how America impacted this same young man . The dancing alone merits a `` mustsee '' rating !
 This movie is filled with amazingly talented dancers . It is the screen version biography of the star 's heart-wrenching defection from China just under 30 years ago . Top quality movie making . Spend your time and money wisely - go to local live dance productions . Enjoy . : -RRB-
 I was born in the USA , I have family in China and I was there in 1977 to visit them . The film is a very good depiction of what happened in China in the 70 's and 80 's . He was a very couragious man to be able to cross the culture divide and become such a successful ballet dancer . It just goes to show you freedom trumps all other ways of life .
 This is one of the most touching films I have ever seen ! It is heartwarming , soul warming and just downright teary eyed !
 Very interesting story about a Chinese ballet dancer , more interesting because it 's a true story -LRB- not a fictional character -RRB- - and because you get to see some great dancing -LRB- without having to sit through a full ballet -RRB- . This little boy was taken from his family -LRB- an honor to them and opportunity for him -RRB- and given an extremely structured/strict life - no visits home , no smiles and hugs from his parents or siblings , just years and years of constant training . Fortunately ONE of his teachers had a good heart and gave him compassion and confidence and a passion for this profession he had no say in but came to love and excel in . It 's a good story.When you see the situations some of these great artists were made in , it 's no wonder why some defect when they get a taste of freedom and fame in America . And you understand how it 's no small decision because it has serious consequences for all their loved ones left behind .
 Mao 's Last Dancer is a wondrous adaptation of Chinese ballet dancer 's Li Cunxin 's memoirs . At 11 , Li is chosen by Communist officials to be part of Mao Zedong 's Cultural Revolution . He is sent to Madame Mao 's ballet school in Beijing and from there to the U.S. , where he dances with the Houston Ballet . The dance sequences are enthralling , and the story of Li 's defection , heart-stopping . This is one of my all-time favorite movies .
 This movie was absolutely beautiful . You could actually feel the characters emotion . And the ballet was so wonderful to watch . If i could rate it more than 5 stars I would have done so . It is the kind of movie that you can watch over and over and grow to appreciate it more and more . I will not spoil the movie , but I would recommend it to anyone who knows that if you really want something in life , you make sacrifices and in the end , it pays off ...
 As a true balletomane -LRB- and would be ballerina -RRB- I gather a group of friends together every other month to present a ballet on a very large screen , -LRB- almost like `` being there '' -RRB- , trying to keep the time to no more than 1-1/2 hours or I lose my audience . This two hour presentation astounded everyone present ... no one left early ! I was thoroughly amazed when I previewed it before the showing and was no less excited upon seeing it a second time . As soon as time permits I plan to watch it again . . and again ... and again!i I highly recommend this beautiful documentary to anyone even vaguely interested in ballet ! And , please , be sure to watch to it 's remarkable end !
 I love this movie . There are several reasons but mostly because it 's a full , true life story , that is told without all the bad language and gratuitous body parts shots that are not even necessary in most movies but are still added , for rating I expect . Also , although the story is n't very intriguing , which is to say exciting/suspenseful , it is a story of determination , hard work and success . And finally , there is the breath-taking dancing done by the young lead actor . The man can practically fly ! I would recommend this movie to anyone that is interested in `` true story '' , `` morally uplifting '' and `` cultural arts '' . Also interesting is that the dancer in this movie is the son of the teacher of the original dancer .
 Mao 's Last Dancer took me by surprise when I watched it the other day . Given only a two star recommendation from the critics , I was expecting a schlocky cornball bit of fluff . It was instead a joyful celebration of the human spirit that avoided going too far overboard . Sure , the ending was a deliberate tug at the heartstrings , but the rest of the movie was a touching motion picture about determination and difficult choices.Mixing in flashbacks of his discovery in a small village through his training in Beijing with his initial eye-opening voyage to the United States and his instruction in the differences between eastern and western ballet styles , the story gave the uninformed -LRB- like me -RRB- enough ballet insight to stoke my curiosity but never smothered me , thus allowing me to appreciate the physical and mental demands of this art form without getting bored . Bruce Greenwood , playing against his usual nasty type , does a fine job as the ballet director and Joan Chen provides poignancy and strength in her limited role as Cunxin 's mother.Mao 's Last Dancer was a lovely film about courage , hard work , sacrifice , and conscience . Despite some of the more rhetorical and argumentative reviews , it is not a movie about politics . Many have criticized the movie as pro-American propaganda , but I did n't see that . To deny that China went through a dramatic period of change over the years the story takes place is an understatement , but I saw nothing heavy-handed about either side . The characters are the focus of Mao 's Last Dancer . Certainly the comparisons are evident and a minor plot device , but to see this movie or even the story of Li Cunxin as strictly about the differences between Chinese and American methods of government is to be myopic and thus miss out on the beauty of the larger story .
 This movie paints a very good picture of life in Communist China under Chairman Mao and life in China after Mao , without being preachy or diminishing the beauty or importance of ballet to the story . We see how dance , like music and all art , is a universal language that people around the world understand and love . The dance sequences are beautiful and very emotional . I 'm not a dancer , but I am a fan . I also loved the scenery from China , and travelling on the life journey of the lead character from a starving , rural peasant to an accomplished dancer . Do n't miss this one . I plan to watch it again !
 Okay , usually when I watch these type of ballet movies , I tend to get bored fast . But this was n't the case . I actually was very into this movie , I think the reason being , it was based on true story . I did n't know this until the end of the movie too.The movie did a great job of telling the back story of Li Cunxin and how he got started to be a ballet dancer and at the same time showing the audience what 's happening at the present time . Then , it also hows the current dramatic moments plays into how Li past experience relates helped him become a great ballent dancer.I like seeing Li go from knowing few English words to speaking full on sentences with no accent at the end of the movie.There were only a few things I did n't like was when Li got into a fight with Liz over something very small . Then , all of a sudden Liz leaves . To the audience this is the first fight they ever had and she ends up leaving ? Really ? Also , we do n't know if Liz would ever come back . But , it seems like they got a divorce or something because we learn that Li married his new partner later . Another thing that Li new partner did n't even show much of a connection to Li and we find out they are married at after the movie ends ??? Wow!Other then all the bad written and directing , overall this movie is a wonderful movie . I recommend this movie .
 I love Mao 's Last Dancer . And since it is a true story , it makes it all the more compelling . I found the DVD to be in excellent condition . No problems . I will purchase from this company again .
 Product was fine , and I received it right away . I am very pleased . It was exactly as I expected it would be , and there were no flaws in the disk .
 ` Mao 's Last Dancer ' is an overall enjoyable film about true events in the life of Chinese ballet dance Li Cunxin that in my estimation makes it more watchable then if it were fiction . The dancing scenes sre amazing , but I found the acting to be rather stiff and the relationships explored dull and unemotional . Being based on a true story the plot also suffers from the same malaise that all such actual accounts do , the ending is already known so the possibility of manufacturing any cinematic tension , or anticipation is difficult if not impossible.My favorite segments of the story where those based in China showing Li 's early years of training and the brief glimpses of what life was like during the Mao regime . Definitely the best part of the film.My rating
 I love pretty much any movie with dance , especially ballet . I have to admit , the purchase price of this movie was seriously painful ... and worth every cent . The ballet was superb and the drama just as enthralling . That it was a true story ... bliss .
 Ordering from Amazon is always very easy , however , this was a gift , but I was not allowed to enclose a gift card or leave a message to the recipients.I thought the time allotted for delivery was much too long , but the item did arrive on a timely basis after all.Movie is excellent . Unfortunately recipients do not have a blue-ray player , and have notyet been able to view .
 I am so glad I saw the previews for this film on another DVD -- I had not heard of it at all -- it probably ran here in Atlanta for two days ! It is one of the most beautiful and incredible films I 've seen in a long , long time . Knowing that it was a true story made it all the more compelling . I would n't have expected any less from director Bruce Beresford , who regularly creates wonderful films -- most notably for those of us who live in Atlanta , `` Driving Miss Daisy . '' The cast is magnificent , in particular the actor/dancer who played Li . Extraordinary . And yes , there were tears in my eyes at the conclusion . Whether you are a balletomane , simply love dance , and/or love that rare , well-made , SUBSTANTIVE film -- this is a movie not to be missed . And a movie to keep . Bravo !
 Awe Inspiring ! For a guy not really interested in ballet , it made me take note and grow in appreciation of the art form and hard work entailed . Because it was based on a true story of humble and difficult beginnings , as well as cultural/political divides , it made the experience all that much more intriguing.Finally , this guy was brought to tears as the story was making its way to a satisfying conclusion .
 Great insight into how communist China developed dancers for their idea of ballet . The main character -LRB- Li -RRB- is taken from his family as a young boy and trained by the State for a dance troupe . The head instructor is removed for antiparty sentiments , but not before influencing his favorite pupil . When a chance to go to America comes up , Li is picked to go . Once he performs with complete freedom to express his creativity , he does n't want to return to China . It 's an inspiring story with a good ending . Dance lovers will thoroughly enjoy the dance scenes .
 This movie is absolutely amazing . It is filled with suspense , romance , drama , and best of all , dance . This story of an extremely talented dancer is inspiring , and the movie is an excellent portrayal of Li Cuxin 's story . Everyone that I know has watched it and loved it , not only for the amazing story in the movie but also because of the superb actors who play the people in the movie . The dancing was incredible , especially Chi Cao as Li Cunxin . No movie is ever perfect , but this one comes really close . I laughed and cried through to the very end . It is most definitely my favorite movie of all time .
 It was one of the most beautiful , heart wrenching , true story of a very talented dancer . I have seen so many foreign movies and movies of artistic quality and this was one of the best .
 In addition to the delightful historical context , this movie has an excellent story line and wonderful acting . Very engaging from start to finish .
 Finally available on DVD . Wow . What a film . Missed it in the theaters . Poetry in motion . Highly recommended movie for all ages .
 This is an amazing true story based on Li Cunxin 's autobiography of the same name . As other reviewers have noted , Li Cunxin grew up poor in rural China as one of 7 sons . He was chosen as a young boy to move to Beijing to participate in a grueling full-time ballet training program . He grew up to become one of China 's finest ballet dancers , and was invited to be a guest student with the Houston Ballet in the 70s by then director Ben Stevenson . He fell in love and married a young American dancer , and defected , causing an international incident.This movie documents all of this beautifully , as well as some subsequent events . The flashbacks to Li 's childhood , both in rural China and his later training in Beijing , are very well-done , and are fascinating in their portrayals of China at this time . The dancing is fabulous , especially Li 's ` breakout ' scene , where he fills in for an injured dancer during an excerpt of Don Quixote . If you like ballet and/or history , you will love this movie.The only reason I just could n't quite give it 5-stars was because some of the acting and writing was poor . The scenes between the Elizabeth McCay character -LRB- the young women Li initially marries -RRB- and Li were very cheesy , and when she leaves for San Francisco , it was not clear they were separating for good . Equally fuzzy was his new relationship with Australian dancer Mary McKendry , whom he eventually married and had -LRB- has -RRB- a family with in Australia . From what I have read , this actually occurred many years after the break up with Elizabeth McKay , but it was all a bit fuzzy and hard to follow in the film . I also found the final scene , in which Li and his wife visit China and dance for his village , including his once imprisoned early ballet teacher , over-the-top cheesy.These were small bumps overall though , in an otherwise excellent movie about a fascinating life .
 Incredible , TRUE story , not to be missed . BUT , good as this movie is , the book should be read as well . This will give far greater insight into the realities of life in China , as well as this amazing boy become man . I have made this movie a gift to many friends and families members -- for birthdays and Christmas .
 Loved the story ... characters I believe are so believably real . Choreography looks great too . Not sure what percentage is based on true story .
 This review is for in theaters version only , not the DVD.This inspiring film is based on the autobiography of Li Cunxin , principal ballet dancer who defected to the United States in 1981 . It includes the suspenseful account of a 21-hour international incident when Li was held hostage in Houston 's Chinese consulate.The film begins with his childhood in Maoist China . The first portion of the movie was actually filmed there . Li was taken from his family to train at the Beijing Dance Academy while he was still a young child . After harsh , rigorous training , he was chosen for a dance scholarship with the Houston Ballet Company in a cultural exchange program.There are comical moments as Li adjusts to the soaring skyline of Houston 's modern buildings , ATM 's that dole out cash , and misconceptions about english words . Actor , Bruce Greenwood , does a great job portraying the artistic director of the Houston Ballet , Ben Stevenson , who takes the young dancer under his wing and helps him adjust to his new life in the United States.The casting for this film is miraculous ! Chi Cao plays the extraordinarily talented Li . Wowee ! This is a film where the camera man does not have to fake the quality of the dancing . The performers are exceptional ! The Australian Ballet 's prima ballerina , Madeleine Eastoe , plays Li 's dance partner . This beautiful film is a Must See for dance fans . Lavish scenery and costumes were provided courtesy of the Australian Ballet . There are scenes from the Rite of Spring , Swan Lake , the Don Quixote pas de deux , and a political ballet from the Maoist era , `` The Red Detachment of Women '' . The viewer sees long choreographed sequences instead of chopped up bits and pieces . The carefully chosen dance scenes help mirror the sentiments of the ongoing storyline.Excellent acting from many cast members , superb directing ... an excellent film.Some of the scenes have spoken dialogue in Chinese with English subtitles .
 Mao 's Last Dancer -LRB- 2009 -RRB- -LSB- NON-USA FORMAT , PAL , Reg .4 Import - Australia -RSB- This is a wonderful movie for anyone who loves ballet and a good story . Li Cunxin , a Chinese dancer , defected to the USA when he was a young dancer . This is a story of heartbreak , amazing tenacity and the eventual success of this very brave man . I have been fortunate to meet him and he is truly inspirational . It 's a great feel-good film that you can watch many times without tiring , plus the dancing is sublime .
 MAO 'S LAST DANCER is a gem of a film that proves that true stories of the travails of artists who must have freedom to express make excellent stories . And in this case the story is true . Adapted from the autobiography by the same name by Li Cunxin and adapted for the screen by Jan Sardi and directed by Bruce Beresford -LRB- Driving Miss Daisy , Bride of the Wind , Breaker Morant , Double Jeopardy , etc -RRB- , this story gradually unfolds in both China and America and is in both Chinese and English.In the author 's own words , ` In a small , desperately poor village in northeast China , a peasant boy sits at his rickety old school desk , interested more in the birds outside than in Chairman Mao 's Red Book and the grand words it contains . But that day , some strangers come to his school - Madame Mao 's cultural delegates . They are looking for young peasants to mold into faithful guards of Chairman Mao 's great vision for China . '' `` The boy watches as one of his classmates is chosen and led away . His teacher hesitates . Will she or wo n't she ? She very nearly does n't . But at the last moment , she taps the official on the shoulder and points to the small boy . `` What about that one ? '' she says . '' This is the true story of how that one moment in time , by the thinnest thread of chance , changed the course of a small boy 's life in ways beyond description . One day he would dance with some of the greatest ballet companies of the world . One day he would be a friend to a president and first lady , movie stars , and some of the most influential people in America . One day he would himself become a star
 This review is for in theaters version only , not the DVD.This inspiring film is based on the autobiography of Li Cunxin , principal ballet dancer who defected to the United States in 1981 . It includes the suspenseful account of a 21-hour international incident when Li was held hostage in Houston 's Chinese consulate.The film begins with his childhood in Maoist China . The first portion of the movie was actually filmed there . Li was taken from his family to train at the Beijing Dance Academy while he was still a young child . After harsh , rigorous training , he was chosen for a dance scholarship with the Houston Ballet Company in a cultural exchange program.There are comical moments as Li adjusts to the soaring skyline of Houston 's modern buildings , ATM 's that dole out cash , and misconceptions about english words . Actor , Bruce Greenwood , does a great job portraying the artistic director of the Houston Ballet , Ben Stevenson , who takes the young dancer under his wing and helps him adjust to his new life in the United States.The casting for this film is miraculous ! Chi Cao plays the extraordinarily talented Li . Wowee ! This is a film where the camera man does not have to fake the quality of the dancing . The performers are exceptional ! The Australian Ballet 's prima ballerina , Madeleine Eastoe , plays Li 's dance partner . This beautiful film is a Must See for dance fans . Lavish scenery and costumes were provided courtesy of the Australian Ballet . There are scenes from the Rite of Spring , Swan Lake , the Don Quixote pas de deux , and a political ballet from the Maoist era , `` The Red Detachment of Women '' . The viewer sees long choreographed sequences instead of chopped up bits and pieces . The carefully chosen dance scenes help mirror the sentiments of the ongoing storyline.Excellent acting from many cast members , superb directing ... an excellent film.Some of the scenes have spoken dialogue in Chinese with English subtitles .
 This film is complex
 A lot to like about this film . Authentic background , though a little light on his early years and the incredible hardships of family life as the sixth son , and which makes the reunion with his parents after he is a success a little strange , though his humility and love for them is now made apparent . Wonderful ballet sequences topped by Stravinsky 's music in ` Rite of Spring ' . I hope American audiences can meet this film with an open mind .
 The film , by the director of `` Driving Miss Daisy '' , was wonderful to watch on many levels . The political background was softly done because the main story was the success for this young man who was arbitrarily picked for classical ballet training by the Chinese government during the Cultural Revolution -LRB- thus , the title -RRB- . The dance sequences were marvelous and I had wished for more . The young dancers who portrayed Li , Mary and others are truly gifted and I hope to see Chi Cao on stage in the near future . It is interesting to note that Li , whose story this is , after 15 years of professional dancing , is now a stockbroker ... . how different his life might have been had he been an eleven year old now , with more freedom to choose careers . One of the ironies in his story is the fact that he had no choice , and yet through tremendous determination and talent , he danced on the world stage for many years .
 A true story of survival and perseverence of a young dancer from China during and after the cultural revolution , this is a heart warming account of a young artist who enjoyed the freedom to live and dance in America . The cultural aspects and the short clips of the beautiful ballets were well presented . The most touching scene was the curtain call when the son was reunited with his parents after years of separation . Instead of big hugs and kisses , he simply knelt before his parents and the proud father 's comment was `` Why did you dance without a shirt on ? `` This beautiful bi-cultural movie will be a classic for years to come .
 This film is a beautiful and emotional account of a life story of a child from communist China , who winds up in the US as a young man . I wo n't reveal his destination , but truly what is more important is his journey . This is a true story based on memoirs , masterfully told on film . I laughed , I cried , my wife and I loved this film . Highly recommended to anyone , especially for those from a communist country , or those who love dance , or those who love Art Cinema .
 MAO 'S LAST DANCER is a gem of a film that proves that true stories of the travails of artists who must have freedom to express make excellent stories . And in this case the story is true . Adapted from the autobiography by the same name by Li Cunxin and adapted for the screen by Jan Sardi and directed by Bruce Beresford -LRB- Driving Miss Daisy , Bride of the Wind , Breaker Morant , Double Jeopardy , etc -RRB- , this story gradually unfolds in both China and America and is in both Chinese and English.In the author 's own words , ` In a small , desperately poor village in northeast China , a peasant boy sits at his rickety old school desk , interested more in the birds outside than in Chairman Mao 's Red Book and the grand words it contains . But that day , some strangers come to his school - Madame Mao 's cultural delegates . They are looking for young peasants to mold into faithful guards of Chairman Mao 's great vision for China . '' `` The boy watches as one of his classmates is chosen and led away . His teacher hesitates . Will she or wo n't she ? She very nearly does n't . But at the last moment , she taps the official on the shoulder and points to the small boy . `` What about that one ? '' she says . '' This is the true story of how that one moment in time , by the thinnest thread of chance , changed the course of a small boy 's life in ways beyond description . One day he would dance with some of the greatest ballet companies of the world . One day he would be a friend to a president and first lady , movie stars , and some of the most influential people in America . One day he would himself become a star
 A young boy in a faraway , primitive , village is selected for State education in ballet and slowly becomes proficient at his craft . As a teenager , he is selected to study in Houston , Texas . Language difficulties and cultural difficulties are surmounted , and when the main dancer becomes injured , Li is asked to step forward to take his place and does a wonderful job . He continues to be included in further productions , gets involved with a girl , but when he asks permission from his government to stay a bit longer , permission is denied and is ordered back to the People 's Republic of China.The story is essentially a rags to riches story with cultural and political elements enriching the highly emotional story.The production was excellent as was the dancing the acting and the story development . It was filmed in location in China and Houston . The film made $ 5 million domestically and $ 17 million internationally .
 Superb dancing , cinematography , depiction of Chinese and American culture and the mutual shocks . A wonderful moving , realistic story , a movie I will watch many times .
 Good story , acting and dancing . A must see!Definitely worth the money . Beautiful scenery and very moving emtionally . Would recommend it to everyone .
 When I first saw this movie as a rerun on a movie channel , I knew I had to have it to watch over and over again . This is a wonderful story of triumph over circumstances and it also has some beautiful ballet sequences . What makes this movie even more meaningful is that it is based on the true life story of Li Cunxin a peasant boy from rural China who overcomes impossible odds to make of himself a world-renowned ballet dancer . This is a beautiful and uplifting movie .
 My wife and I saw this last night . I had read it had great reviews and my wife was wishy washy before it started but was a total convert by the end . I normally do n't watch ballet either but this movie gave one a real appreciating for it . A real appreciating for everything actually . Family , one 's life , country , etc. . I think one thing that should come out is that even though the Chinese communist goverment is awful and lies to its citizens - they at least allowed in the end for many things that a lot of other countries would not have . I am not going to spoil the story by getting into it , but the point is that some of the horrible things that were thought about the Chinese did n't turn out to be true.Anyway , I highly recommend this movie to any and all . As someone else put it , the ending was glorious . Could n't agree with that sentiment more .
 Anyone who loves ballet and an intense story will love this movie . Do n't expect a lot of ballet . There is some that is incidental to the story , but the real story is in the details of this incredible man 's life . The production values and the acting are all superb . If anyone ever made a movie of Nureyev 's early life in Russia and his defection , this is what it would be like . I had never even heard of this dancer . The movie leaves you wanting more . Real life drama at its very best .
 There are `` rags to riches '' stories and then there is this story which takes it to another level . Li overcomes far more than poverty to become a world class ballet dancer . This film captures his story both factually and artistically . The ballet , dancing and music is exceptional . The colors from China to the US are vivid and in stark contrast to each other . This is almost a painting of a life as much as a story . I thorough enjoyed this movie . It more than lived up to the reviews and trailer . That does n't happen often .
 Great dancing and wonderful story . Well acted and produced . A wonderful true story of this Chinese ballet dancer and his struggles with Communism and staying in America to dance .
 This is a great movie for any dance enthusiast . Very educational and appropriate for all ages except very young children .
 If you like ballet , you will love this movie . It is well done , beautifully filmed and the dancing is GRAND . Bravo to all involved .
 This was as great as I wanted it to be . I had the dvd and I enjoyed it , but the blu-ray made the dvd look only okay . What a great story it is about overcoming all odds to achieve your dreams .
 Timreless . The movie can be watched again and again withot growing tired of it . The dancing and story meld in perfect union . The dancers were magnificent . Strong and credible performances .
 One of the best &#34; Sleeper &#34; movies ever to come out . We totally loved the entire cast , music , etc. . Have told all our friends & family to buy it too .
 We were looking for a movie to share with a group of close friends and one of the friends suggested Mao 's Las Dancer . We all liked it very much -- and for different reasons . I particularly enjoyed the dance scenes . Others were connected more to the history of that period . It was interesting to see the dancer 's reaction to his first encounter with Houston . Now , we understand Beiijing is equally as modern . Things change quickly . We liked the fact that there were some scenes shot in the actual village . I have already recommended the movie to others .
 My wife -LRB- Chinese -RRB- and I -LRB- Chinese-American -RRB- just saw this for the first time . I 'm normally not moved by dancing , but this was so well put-together , and so natural -LRB- while at the same time incredible -RRB- that I found the dancing riveting . Bravo . -LRB- it helps if you speak/understand Mandarin -- the subtitles during the 20 % or so that 's in Mandarin are fine , but there 's always something lost in translation -RRB-
 In addition to its entertaining aspects -- which were superb , this movie provided some insight into China 's history . Very enjoyable and educational . The acting was wonderful .
 This movie , based on a true story , is one of the most touching you 'll see in a long time . The characters are authentic and the dancing breathtaking with a story that will have you spellbound and move you to tears .
 This product was fabulous . It was brand new and in perfect condition . If you do n't mind the subtitles , it contains a great -LRB- true -RRB- storyline .
 Now I want to read the book ! Great story of triumph in difficult times . I enjoyed the Houston scenes , lived there at the time all this was happening but was n't aware of this dancer . So , I 'm not a ballet aficionado -- but that is n't really the story here . However , the dance scenes make a beautiful background to the fascinating story of his life .
 A interesting film about a possibility to became a great dancer in a communist country but this has also a price .
 this film was a random find . it gave me insight into the culture of china and how much bravery it would take to move to america , i was enthralled the entire time . it would be a great movie to show high school students -- especially dancers because the strength of a dancer was addressed , the quality of dancing was mentioned , and the stories and politics of dancing were broadcast . It also gives insight into how free we really are in this country but does not demonsize communism in an ignorant portrayal . I was very very impressed and would recommend this movie to anyone .
 I stumbled on this movie by accident , because ballet is a new interest of mine . It was a great find , and is highly recommended . It is a wonderful story of a poor boy , one thousand miles away from Beijing , who , more of less by accident , becomes a student of ballet . As he grows older , he has the intuitive sense that dancing is the way to escape the poverty that has been the fate of his family . I really enjoyed it , and because of it I have enjoyed reading about Li Cunxin , and his life dancing and afterwards . It would be great if this review of mine would convince one other person to watch the movie . I do hope you will enjoy it .
 I 'm happy to have discovered a CLEAN movie about the art of dance . This is a very well done film and the quality of the dancing could n't have been better .
 This is a wonderful movie . Moving and beautiful true story . I recommend it highly . The DVD is money well spent , worth every penny .
 A friend of mine recommended the book `` Mao 's Last Dancer '' about Chinese dancer Li Cunxin , his life , and a very realistic portrait of what living in China during Mao 's Cultural Revolution was like . I adored the book and was desperate to watch the film , so I ordered it through Amazon.com.I really llike it . The only drawback is that my husband wo n't watch dvds without subtitling so he wo n't watch this movie with me.Great for both ballet lovers and culturally minded people in general !
 This is a beautiful movie , and based on a real life story.The title does not do it justice . If I had not seen the previews , I would not have bought it .
 The book has better story than the movie . This movie did n't really show much of the hardship that Li went through .
 Itruly enjoyed this movie since I knew very little about the dancerslife . The Director did a great job selecting the cast and the storylinewas easy to follow . Plus beautiful cinematography .
 I love HEA movies , and this one was a true story , as well ! Fabulous dancing . I adore ballet and all other forms of dance . Exciting dance and wonderful storyline .
 Okay , usually when I watch these type of ballet movies , I tend to get bored fast . But this was n't the case . I actually was very into this movie , I think the reason being , it was based on true story . I did n't know this until the end of the movie too.The movie did a great job of telling the back story of Li Cunxin and how he got started to be a ballet dancer and at the same time showing the audience what 's happening at the present time . Then , it also hows the current dramatic moments plays into how Li past experience relates helped him become a great ballent dancer.I like seeing Li go from knowing few English words to speaking full on sentences with no accent at the end of the movie.There were only a few things I did n't like was when Li got into a fight with Liz over something very small . Then , all of a sudden Liz leaves . To the audience this is the first fight they ever had and she ends up leaving ? Really ? Also , we do n't know if Liz would ever come back . But , it seems like they got a divorce or something because we learn that Li married his new partner later . Another thing that Li new partner did n't even show much of a connection to Li and we find out they are married at after the movie ends ??? Wow!Other then all the bad written and directing , overall this movie is a wonderful movie . I recommend this movie .
 This is a very timely and beautiful movie . It is about following your heart and realising dreams that you were never allowed to dream . It does not matter if you were from the Blue Ridge Mountains or a tiny provence in China . This post Mao period movie looks into the politics and the arts . The protagonist is a great actor and a fine dancer . It is a rare combination . The storyline rings true about most artistic defections to the West . The plot line is excellent . The flashbacks also help to bring viewer back and the movie to life . This is a most have for any film library.Tony ClarkChevalier dans l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres .
 This is a really rare sort of film . It combines compelling storytelling with beautiful choreography in a way I have n't seen before . This is n't just a ballet movie , the plot is thoughtful , intriguing and never over-done . I do n't want to give away too much , but I got teary eyed in the end , which I never do at movies , so that 's saying quite something . I highly recommend this film to anyone who enjoys something a little unusual .
 Splendid performances by a remarkable cast . Not just a first class film but an authentic presentation of an actual event during a time in political history that needs to be recorded.A wonderful inspiring story .
 MAO 'S LAST DANCER -LRB- 2009 -RRB- is yet more proof why I ADORE anything filmed Down Under - and makes me angry that we have to wait up to 2 years to see any of it . It is a fine family film that deserved a G rating -LRB- I do n't know what it got -RRB- . This is the biography of famous Australian , Chinese-born Li Cunxin -LRB- played by real-life ballet star Cu Cao , a/k/a Chi Cao -RRB- , based on his autobiography of the same title . This great Australian danseur noble - now a stockbroker and proud father of three boys - hand-picked Cao to play him in the film . Cao , a spectacular actor in his film debut here , in real life is a stunningly beautiful danseur noble with the Birmingham Ballet -LRB- danseur noble is what the ` male ballerina ' is called , for all you ignorant ones out there -RRB- . With his dazzling beauty and huge , luminous eyes alone , Cao will assuredly win you over and cause you to shed a few tears - as I did . Cao 's parents were both teachers of the real Li Cunxin during his student days at the Beijing Art Academy in the 1970s until around 1980 . This brilliant though occasionally corny movie tells the truly dramatic story of Cunxin 's life , from his boyhood in a China filthy with communist politprop to his now-celebrated 1986 performance in Houston . The film elegantly flashes back to Cunxin 's childhood and teen years , and I am at a loss to comprehend how they found such beautiful boys to play him at ages 11 and 14 . His defection to the U.S. in Houston caused an international incident , with some sort of hostage situation at the consulate in Houston - it is portrayed very well here . Though it was the Chinese defection story heard round the world , I admit , I do not recall any of this . I was busy watching Baryshnikov back then . This film , while rich in the deep poetry of ballet , is also rather dismissive of details.Nothing is ever fully explained at any point and we are left to sort of guess at the events . Why ballet director Ben Stevenson -LRB- a brilliant Bruce Greenwood sporting a perfect British accent -RRB- is in bed with the Chinese government ; why the Chinese are even doing Western ballet at all during this time ; all kinds of unanswered details.To me , because this is an Australian production , the film is too accepting of Maoism and the subsequent , slightly less radical communism in China . Certain scenes apparently showcase China 's ` communist greatness ' and that made me feel sick . Why people round the world keep doing this I know not . All I know is communism is an evil that ought to be blighted forever . A telling scene in the film takes place in 1989 when Cunxin visits home with his wife Mary ; not very long after the Tiananmen Square massacre but you would n't know it from this film.A powerful cast blooms around the glowing , jade-like Cao
 I am biased , but `` Mao 's Last Dancer '' is truly a ` masterpiece '' as Rex Reed wrote . It is a feel good family movie that is based on a remarkable true story that involves high drama , romance and dance when the US and China was first opening our important relations . In movie theaters across the U.S. and the world , its showing was followed by enthusiatic applause and cheers .
 This more than lived up to the original autobiography written by that small boy taken from a poor chinese village to be trained as a dancer , years later being permitted to visit the US for training and discovering freedom and opportunity he had never dreamed of . His subsequent defection and success are heartwarming . beautifully filmed and acted , and the dancing is sublime !
 Wonderful film about the real life dancer . It has a bit of everything - terrific dancing , romance , some political history , and plays up the early 80 's styles .
 I just returned from seeing this movie . It was the best I 've seen in a long time in every respect . I was riveted to the screen . I must see it again and again so have come online to buy the DVD when it 's available . The dancing was outstanding ! The story of his life was heart-rendering ... truly moving . I highly recommend this true-to-life movie to anyone who wishes to learn more about professional dance training in China many years ago as it compared to that in the United States . It 's hard to find words to express how I felt when I left the movie theatre . I immediately called a few of my friends to tell them to go to see the movie .
 Mao 's Last Dancer is a phenominal epic of a child taken from his home and placed into a school of dance . The extraordinary pressure and hard work he endures throughout his childhood is something most of us never experience . Yet , here is a true story of an amazing man who still lives and practices his art . His luck to be chosen to leave his homeland temporarily to dance gives us also a chance to share in his good fortune . The dancing in this film is amazing . Anyone with an appreciation of dance will be enthralled . But , best of all , there is a happy ending .
 Bravo ! Bravo ! The art of dancing mixed with the revolutions of life . The story , the music and the performance is enough to spoil any moviegoer . I 'm sure others have commented on the beauty of this passionate movie . I just finished watching `` Mao 's Last Dancer '' and feel as if I 'd just watched an opera.A true story set in an all too real era . For all the attention and awards given `` Black Swan , '' this movie triumphed over it in leaps and bounds . A very good movie that gives the novice ballet admirer something to relate to and appreciate in dance . The power of dance can definitely unite peoples and possibly nations . Bravo !
 This film is a little bit on the long side , but it is well worth watching . The premise of the film is that a young Chinese dancer , who trained his whole life in China to become a top level ballet dancer comes to America , only to be overwhelmed by the amount of consumption . He stands firmly against this ideological mindset initially , but eventually grows to love America , and a dancer . He decides at the last minute to marry an American dancer.Due to this he and his family are essentially cut off from communication . I wo n't write what happens next , but let me tell you that there is a truly emotional part , which will cause eyes to moisten , be prepared.Wonderful concept , it 's a movie for families , couples and children . You do n't have to be a fan of ballet to enjoy this !
 I love the fact that this movie not only reveal what ballet is about but also a bit of Chinese culture and skepticism about being in a different country .
 i have enjoyed it myself and shown to friends . an outstanding film . being a true story made it even better for viewing
 A DVD purchased from Amazon . An outstanding true story starting out in China and then to the USA . Wonderful dance scenes as well as a captivating story line .
 My heart soared . This is a wonderful telling of the story of Li Cunxin and his journey to becoming a great dancer ; defecting to America out of Mao 's China . The dancing is incredible . The movie also gives us a view of how children are/were trained to become ballet dancers in China . Fate and an arrow shot this young boy from the strongest bow , giving flight to a strong willed man . His arrival as a guest student in the US provided him an eventual path to freedom . He was one of the best Ballet dancers in the world . You do n't have to like ballet to appreciate this movie ... you just have to enjoy great story telling .
 Director Bruce Beresford 's inspiring and beautiful rags to riches story adapted from the best-selling autobiography of Li Cunxin dramatizes the Chinese ballet dancer 's remarkable life . At age 11 , Li - a rural peasant boy -- was chosen to train at Madam Mao 's Beijing Dance Academy.Against impossible odds , the he went on to become world-renowned and arguably one of the all-time greatest classical ballet dancers . But it 's the love story that tugs at the heart when Li falls in love with an American woman - yes , he 's a heterosexual . But Li must risk it all to remain in the land of the free.Here 's a great , soul-stirring story not only about grace on stage -- but also in life .
 If you want a great movie to enjoy with the whole family get this one . It will make you appreciate living in a free country . The story was great and the acting superb . I loved this movie from the beginning to the end .
 This is truly an emotional and beautiful true story . A young Chinese boy is picked to become a part of a ballet academy in Beijing . Although he has great natural ability , he needs to overcome the obstacles and learn to be a truly great ballet dancer . Thanks to an open-minded teacher in the communist country , Li finds the strength , courage and passion for ballet he needs , that leads to him being chosen as an exchange student in America . Once in America , he wishes to stay and faces the obstacle of the Chinese government . Without wanting to give away any other details , I will say that I would definitely recommend this for anyone looking for an emotional movie and especially for those fans of the beauty that is ballet.A truly moving story . Perfect casting . Every actor fit their role so well , I would have thought I was truly watching the actual events unfold.The ending was absolutely fantastic . I was in tears .
 This film is a rare jewel - artistically inspiring and historically accurate ! I enjoyed this film so much , and another film I watched this year that has made me feel the say way is King 's Speech.Every element in producing this film is carefully planned , executed , and integrated to make this beautiful and harmonious film full of drama , suspense , and emotions !
 Soooo much better than the Black Swan . This is a superb movie that anyone can appreciate . It does n't get much better . Filmed on location , in China , and based on a true story , with outstanding actors , one is drawn into the reality of the absorbing story . It is true to life and inspirational . Good for all ages . Highly recommended . Be free and fly !
 The tape quality was excellent - my husband loved it ! The video tape played without any issues . Nice addition to his collection .
 This movie is one of Jackie Chan funniest movies . I love the big brawl . If you love comedy and karate this is the movie for you . I recommend this movie .
 I first saw this movie about 2 years after it was released when I was about 15 years old . It is my all time favorite movie . I fell in love with Jackie Chan immediately during the opening scene where he does gymnastics on the scaffolding . I wanted to be the American girlfriend in the movie . Now I 'm turning 43 years old this month , and my kids and husband are fully aware that Jackie Chan is my `` boyfriend '' . While watching Jackie Chan 's The Spy Next Door movie with my kids last weekend , I decided that I really wanted to share this movie with them , so I just bought it from one of the retailers here on amazon.com . I have wanted a copy of this movie for years but was never able to find it , and eventually forgot about it until last weekend . I actually bought a movie poster of this movie about 10 years ago which I proudly hung in my office wall at a previous employer . I stood in line for hours in hopes of getting his signature when he came to town for a book signing years ago . But they stopped the book signing before I reached the front of the line . I was still happy to see him in person from a distance.So I guess I 'm a bit of a Jackie Chan fanatic . But I really think this is his best movie ever , despite the fact that it was n't a hit when it was released in the U.S. . In the Battle Creek Brawl , Jackie does amazing stunts and gymnastics . I love the crazy roller derby with fire hoses and other obstacles . And the fight scenes seem much more `` realistic '' than the highly choreographed ones of recent years . There is also plenty of Jackie 's brand of comedy in the movie . Not to mention the fact that Jackie is so young and `` hot '' in this movie !
 I orginally saw this movie as `` The Big Brawl '' . I was happy to find it on DVD under this title . This is an early Jackie Chan movie and is typical of his easy style . Typical story line of bad guys and good guys but Jackie makes it a lot of fun .
 This is a freakin classic . I remember watching this flick every time it appeared on the movie channels . People have to remember that ultimately its a lighthearted film but with a kick ... literally . GREAT movie!But I will say the over $ 60 price tag is not worth it . Try to find it elsewhere .
 I go to ALL the big Video Rental stores in town and ask ... The Big Brawl with Jacky Chan , do you have it ? I 'm told NO but you can look for it in the Movie Bible of all movies . It 's right there but nobody has it . It 's a super fun movie that you can share with your Glory Day Friends . So I go on eBay and find a boat load of Posters from the same movie being sold as collectibles for big money . Give me a break people , it 's Jacky Freaken Chan , need I say more ? If you expect a serious Kung Fu , Enter the Dragon style movie than you Expected the Wrong movie . It 's like a Disney movie , done Chan style . Love the movie and I finally found it here . A real Jem
 I saw this w / `` enter the dragon '' in the theater yrs ago and `` Brawl '' was just as good , today I 'd say it is better because of its originality . There are no other big budget movies featuring wrestlers , roller skating , gangsters , comedy and kung fu all in one movie especially taking place in the 1940 's . No speeding up the film for the fights here -LRB- unlike jackie 's hong kong films -RRB- , still Chan is very fast and outmaneuvering everyone including some monster sized wrestlers . Mako and Chan keep the laughs coming during their training scenes but it 's not all comedy when gangsters betting against him in the brawl kidnap his uncle and want him to take a `` dive '' , but when the tables turn , Lalo schifrin 's music kicks in and the suspense takes your breath away while chan goes for some payback . Disc picture , audio is decent , not great but it should be coming from fox . Robert Clouse shows he really was a competent director with this and others -LRB- ultimate warrior , darker than amber -RRB- after raising eyebrows with a `` so bad its good '' jim kelly goof-up .
 this is a renamed movie . the original name was `` The Big Brawl '' this is the first Jackie Chan movie made with an American production team . the story is different and the premise is interesting . this has been a favorite Jackie Chan movie for me but it has always been had to find . i was very happy to see finally available in dvd . even with the name change .
 If you want to see a really great movie , this ai n't it . But if you want to see Jackie Chan at his charming , athletic best , this one is fun . The version I saw was in the original English -- that one must no longer be available . Too bad ! The story is about Jackie being blackmailed into fighting in some big brawl in Texas so some gangsters can bet on him . The best fight sequence comes at the beginning , with Chan fighting off a gang of thugs who are trying to extort money from his uncle -- he beats up three or four guys , totally by `` accident , '' with a wide-eyed `` what 'd I do ? '' innocence that 's really funny . It 's a shame this was n't a better vehicle for Chan 's talents , because he really shines in it .
 This movie was my first Jackie Chan . I had anticipated a serious KUNG-FU type movie and was pleasantly surprised by the humor is this spoof of the genre . From the breath-taking physical challenge at the bridge to the skating to the actual hand/foot to hand/foot , I enjoyed this . From the standpoint of Oscar willing dialog , no , this movie did n't rate but if you want a movie that will amuse you without taxing your brain , go for it !
 His comedic style blended with martial arts and his incredible agility , strength , and acrobatic style bring this to the top of well filmed martial arts movies .
 I have seen this film twice , once state side -LRB- I think it was 1979 -RRB- , and once while I was in the Philipines -LRB- in 1981 -RRB- . I do n't remeber which name I view where , but it was the same great flick , and nether one had subtitles.Being a fan of `` Choppie Sockie '' flicks , I knew Jackie Chan as one of the many Bruce Lee imitators that poped-up after Burce died , but this flick showed some talents I had not yet witnessed . Jackie 's natural athletic abilities and willingness to try something different made this film vary enjoyable ! In those Kung Fu Crazed days , this film was a plesent change from the revenge story lines that were the norm.I highly recomend this movie ! Unfortunately I 'm still looking for a copy in english .
 Warner Bros thought Jackie Chan might be the next big Kung Fu star after Bruce Lee 's death - they were right , just 15 years too early . This film was directed by Robert Clouse and released in the USA in 1980 . Unfortunately , in the early 1980 's , American audiences were not ready for Jackie Chan 's comedic/fighting style and/or two martial arts stars at the same time -LRB- Chuck Norris already at three profitable films under his belt -RRB- . This film , however , is a gem . It is funny , reasonably well directed , and the acting is actually very good . Jackie and Mako produce good chemistry as Uncle/teacher -LRB- Make -RRB- and nephew/student -LRB- Chan -RRB- . Jose Ferrer is good as the gangster who coerces Chan into entering the winner take all fight in Battle Creek Texas.The fight scenes , although not great , are fun and the last 25 minutes is almost pure action and it is here where Jackie is most fun to watch . Originally released as the Big Brawl , this is a good movie and in today 's movie rating system , it would at most bring in a PG-13 rating , so disregard the `` R '' rating on the DVD sales .
 I first saw this movie about 5 or 6 years after it was made when I was only 15 years old -LRB- i.e. , a LONG time ago -RRB- . It was the first movie Jackie made in the U.S. And it is my favorite . I instantly fell in love with Jackie when I saw this movie . Maybe I like it so much because it 's more of a `` chick-flick '' than his other movies . I love the funny romantic seens between Jackie and his American girlfriend in this movie . I love the roller derby scenes . And I drool over Jackie 's muscles at the opening scene when he shows off his gymnastic talents on the scaffolding.Also , I do n't think he played a Korean immigrant in this movie . His father speaks some Chinese in the movie .
 This , `` The Protector '' , and `` Jackie Chan 's Police Force '' were the first Jackie Chan films I saw as a kid . Granted the other two were better films -LRB- especially `` Police Force '' -RRB- , but I really liked the humor in the film . The story was good and Jackie was funny as always and Mako -LRB- his uncle -RRB- was funny too . The action was toned down quite a bit for a Jackie chan movie not as fast paced or as hard hitting , but over all it was enjoyable . Just remember this was one of his first movies here .
 I have seen quite a few martial arts films , and this ranks way up near the top . Jackie Chan is graceful and witty , and the choreography is extremely creative and well executed . Those looking for realism should avoid this movie , but I strongly recommend it to anyone with a sense of humor who enjoys high-quality kung fu .
 I saw this movie 14 years ago and can not forget what I thought was one of Jackie Chans 's best fighting movies . This shows him as a young master of the arts taking on men twice his size and showing them what athlethitsm and skill is all about . Nimble , quick and very menacing . Forget the story line you are watching a master at work who can only be described as a genius .
 my husband cant say nothing bad about his movies he just loves jackie chan movies ALL of them ...
 That 's what I knew it as ... but it 's the same movie . It 's awesome ! Thanks so much for prompt delivery ! In great condition : - -RRB-
 I have seen this film twice , once state side -LRB- I think it was 1979 -RRB- , and once while I was in the Philipines -LRB- in 1981 -RRB- . I do n't remeber which name I view where , but it was the same great flick , and nether one had subtitles.Being a fan of `` Choppie Sockie '' flicks , this was not the first film I have seen Jackie Chan in . Among the other flicks I had seen Jackie in , I knew him as one of the many Bruce Lee imitators that poped-up after Burce died , but this flick showed some talents I had not yet witnessed . Jackie 's natural athletic abilities and willingness to try something different made this film vary enjoyable ! In those Kung Fu Crazed days , this film was a plesent change from the revenge story lines that were the norm . In fact there are vary few orentals in this movie , which makes this an unusal movie for it 's day.I highly recomend this movie ! Unfortunately I 'm still looking for a copy in english .
 AND IN MANY WAYS , IT RANKS AS ONE OF CHAN 'S GREATEST AMERICAN MOVIES . A CHINESE MARTIAL ARTIST -LSB- JACKIE CHAN -RSB- IS FORCED BY SOME GANGSTERS TO COMPETE IN A STREET FIGHTING TOURNAMENT IN 1930S CHICAGO . THE FIGHTS HERE ARE N'T AS GOOD AS THE FIGHTS THAT 'RE SEEN IN HIS CHINESE MOVIES , BUT THE FILM HAS ENOUGH HILLARIOUS SCENES AND ENOUGH REASONABLY GOOD FIGHTS TO MAKE THIS A GOOD MARTIAL ARTS FILM . BUT , WHEN THIS FILM WAS ORIGINALLY RELEASED HERE IN THE U.S. , THIS FILM WAS A FLOP AND IT WAS PRETTY MUCH IGNORED HERE FOR ALL OF IT 'S ORIGINAL THEATRICAL RELEASE . IT WOULD N'T BE UNTIL THE RELEASE OF 1995 'S '' RUMBLE IN THE BRONX '' THAT JACKIE CHAN WOULD GET RECOGNITION IN AMERICA .
 You 'll love Jackie Chan in one of his first -LRB- possibly his first -RRB- english speaking movies . A young man forced to fight in a large no holds bared street fight to gain the release of his brothers fiancee ` , who was kidnapped by gangsters . The movie is full of action and comedy . A MUST SEE !!!!!!
 Jackie plays an immegrent who goes to the U.S.A. to help protect his grandfather 's restaurant . When the local gangsters kidnap Jackie 's sister-in-law Jackie 's forced to enter a fighting tournament to win her back .
 Jon Cryer is little too hormonal , Demi Moore is a little too `` husky '' but E.G Daily in the small role of Cryer 's older brothers ' girlfriend rocks . If is was n't for her talking him into going to a bar he would never have met Laura -LRB- Moore -RRB- and had his virginity taken and his heart stomped on -LRB- all the while taking great candid 's of a pre-boob job Moore -RRB- .
 He is EVERY bit as good as one could expect someone that age to be in this endearing romantic comedy .
 What I really like about this movie is the singing of the classic tunes , `` My Funny Valentine '' , to be specific . I would like to know who is the singer , and if there is a soundtrack available from this movie ??
 'T is One OF My Favorite Comedy/Romantic Movies , I have it on LASER DISC And I have The DVD as well : -RRB-
 This is a great movie about a kid who spends his life savings and throws away his dream of photography only to help a lovely lady get her dream of becoming a famous singer . You have to watch this movie ! It never gets boring and the story is great . And the only thing that makes it alot better is that its got Demi Moore and she looks mad HOT in this movie !!!
 What Jon Cryer had over Matthew Broderick , was his ability to play `` Simple Geekieness '' , in an endearingly awkward sort of way , and in this movie , he 's at his most poignant , playing a photography geek , who falls hard , for a women whom he 's accidentally photographed , on one of his early morning photography jaunts.Up to this point , his world had pretty much revolved around his camera , and a dream of using it , to get the money needed to go to photography school in a different city , so he could escape his hum-drum existence and crappy home life , were his mother 's new boyfriend is trying to be his `` Best Friend '' , and in peal advice that he does n't want to hear -LRB- as sound and poniant as it may be -RRB- . But , enter Demi Moore , a down on her luck rock singer , playing at a dive bar , with big dreams of the big times , hampered by disserting band members , a sleazy bar owner , and very little luck.And suddenly , Jon Cryer 's world changes , as his infatuation grows for Demi , and he becomes obsessed with seeing her dream full filled -LRB- whether she wants to let him help her or not -RRB- . We see his little world , where everything is seen from a distance , through his cameras lens , opens up , and through his struggles to help Demi , we watch him matures from a geeky kid , to a young manThis film has a lot going for it , in comedy of situation , depth of character , and charmingly gratifying story , that makes this a `` Must See '' film , for 80 's nostalgia fans , and any fan of a great comedy with heart .
 If you liked JON CRYER in `` PRETTY IN PINK '' , you 'll find him especially charming in this cute flick ! As a matter of fact , I found all the characters uniquely charming and clever ... DEMI and JON work great together as ` ageless ' companions .
 This movie was extremely important to me as a young teenager
 I heard about this movie in reviews and magazines . I recommend this as a nice family movie . There was a good plot and good acting . Give this movie a yes on any list .
 This is a terrific movie featuring a very young Jon Cryer and a young Demi Moore . It is a funny , touching , romantic story about the lengths a teenage boy will go to to get the girl of his dreams . The music is wonderful and you wont be able to tell when Demi 's voice stops and the singing-double picks up . I highly recommend it .
 This stars Jon Cryer and Demi Moore in fairly early roles for both of them . While it is n't going to be on anyone 's best of all time lists , there are some very funny bits in this film which are clever and do not resort to stupidity . Considering his youth at the time of this , I thought Cryer was excellent in it . George Wendt has a supporting role which he does very well .
 This movie is a bit of a guilty pleasure , silly 80 's costumes and all . I especially enjoy Jon Cryer 's `` coming of age '' portrayal . He 's true to his love of photography , tolerates his crazy family with wry humor , and follows his own path . But when that path intersects with Demi Moore , his well-intentioned attempts to win her favor are classic . Formulaic or not , he and Demi bring a charm to the movie that makes it a personal favorite over and above some of the more well-known 80 's hits by the Brat Pack .
 I must admit I 'm a Cryer fan . I loved him in `` Pretty in Pink '' and `` Hiding Out '' . This movie was a major intro for him and he does a fine job portraying a teen that falls in love with an older woman . As he photographs the scenic city of San Francisco some people wo n't get out of his Ansel Adams type pictures . Lucky for him as one of them turns out to be the gorgeous young Demi Moore . When he meets her and finds out she has a husky singing voice he falls in love and ends up spending lots of money to make sure she becomes well known . A fun romantic comedy that everyone should see at least once . I bought the DVD and the quality is good but it is overpriced since it does n't contain any extras .
 No one makes action movies like Hong Kong . Fast shoot outs , incredible stunts , and lots of blood . Naked Killer has got this and more . Just please do n't buy this dubbed version because the English dubbing is worse than the worst Godzilla movie !
 I had a great time watching this movie on VHS . It 's a movie I enjoy watching over & over again . If you like Asian action movies with girl-girl romance scenes , some violence with fancy moves , perverts getting their just reward & adult themes give this flick a look . I 'd consider my collection of Asian action flicks incomplete without Naked Killer . If the characters were your neighbors life would never be dull . To me it 's a `` must have it '' movie .
 This movie falls in the genre of j-adventure , not enough blood for a splatter film and not enough nudity/sex for a pink film . What you do have is an interesting story of a woman who becomes an assassin for the right reason and stops for love , unfortuately those involved do n't want her to quit . This movie was entertaining and well acted for the caliber of film it was . There were parts of the movie that could have been better but over all the movie was an enjoyable passage of time .
 Hot Chinese babes , cheesy plot -LRB- okay , ` plot ' might be stretching it a bit far -RRB- , martial art pretentions . It 's a winner on any level
 I 'm unsure if the lead actress can be called beautiful or not , but she sure is sexy . The story is probably what you 'd call typical HK-style , with twisted and weird subplots , and the editing is totally un-Hollywood . Overall it makes a good viewing experience , and this new DVD edition adds some cool stuff like crew interviews . Worth the money .
 i think that this movie was the best movie ever made and i think it should get an award .
 Standard martial arts movie plot
 It 's like a Technicolor wet dream filled with sexy Asian people , sexuality , sensuality , love , hate , art , death , the art of sex & violence , poisoned lipstick , dismembered sex organs , fashion , pop culture , trends , disturbances , diseased minds , diseased scums of the Earth , lesbians , beauty , etc. . . This is THE masterpiece ! ... the most beautiful movie I have seen ! This is better than ` Robotrix ' & ` Sex & Zen ' !
 What do you get when you mix together a bunch of very hot -LRB- yeeooww ! -RRB- lesbian hit ladies . A great entry point for the uninitiated in the world of subtitled Hong Kong flicks . Yea , I love Fellini , Polanski , Welles , Hitchcock ... all the great directors ... love their stuff . But for a film that is just soooo damn sexy -LRB- the female cast is incredible , I wanted them to kill me ! -RRB- you ca n't go past this all out action thrill fest . No , it 's not deep , you do n't get an understanding for the human condition , but you get an understanding of how sexy an action flick can be . You can well and truley keep Arnold Schwartzewhatever , I 'll take Kelly Yao anyday .
 1992 Hong Kong Erotic Thriller . Rated R for strong sexuality , violence and language . Caution
 I rented `` Naked Killer '' after I read that it had been called the definitive Hong Kong action picture in some circles . While it certainly has the stuff to be in the top ten -LRB- car crashes , shootings , stunts galore -RRB- , John Woo 's `` Hard Boiled '' still tops the list for me . `` Naked Killer '' probably belongs in a genre all its own.I did n't know what to expect from `` Naked Killer '' ; the title , I have to say , is a much more apt description of the movie than I first suspected . There are certain aspects that are traditional fare , but then there are the beheadings , the icepicks shoved into crotches and the soft-core nookie scenes.The plot -LRB- such as it is -RRB- concerns a feisty girl named Kitty -LRB- Chingmy Yau -RRB- , who joins a group of lesbian assassins who come up with some rather creative ways of killing the men of Hong Kong . I 'm still fuzzy on how they pick their victims -LRB- Are the men rapists ? Criminals in general ? Or - I shudder to think - are they targeted simply because they 're men ? -RRB- , but such questions are kind of moot in cases like `` Naked Killer '' . The point is the stuff , not the story , and there 's plenty of stuff . The shoot-outs and chases are not quite on a par with John Woo , but they 're immensely entertaining , more so than most of the lame flicks that pass for `` thrillers '' in the U.S. . In addition , there are some absolutely grotesque sight gags , most of which would never have made it past American censors
 This is a great movie if you love Randolph Scott as I do . Would recommend to a friend . Very good picture quality .
 This legendary DVD is a must for anyone who needs to enjoy some clean and incredibly funny man and lets us feel honoured that such a man existed and has been able to leave behind records for us to enjoy whenever we can ! My collection of such a talented man with a wonderful sense of humour is nearly complete !! Remember I have followed his career some 50 or more years , when I first HEARD his recordings from way back in the early 1950 's ! Long time !
 Victor Borge was a unique tallent , world class pianist , and vary funny and excellent comedian . This combination makes his performance is very original and inimitable . You will not be tired watching his show and loughing till cries .
 I had the PRIVILEGE to be a band member during M.Borge 's Tour in Europe way back then . I never had so much fun , keeping the beat , laughing my heart out EVERY TIME we performed . Now , so many years later , I am still laughing my honest heart out , whenever I watch these old frames . Humor , if good , is still HUMOR -LRB- forgive me : HUMOUR -RRB- AND ONLY one PERSON IN THE WORLD EVER DELIVERED LIKE VICTOR -- Bless him for what he contributed - and watch him again !!
 We gave this as a gift as well as buying it for ourselves . Good value . Unfortunately , unable to play it yet until our player is installed . Looking forward to it .
 Columbia Pictures Corporation presents `` HANDS ACROSS THE ROCKIES '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- -LRB- 56 min/B & W ;-RRB- -- Starring Bill Elliott , Mary Daily , Dub Taylor , Kenneth MacDonald , Frank LaRue , Donald Curtis , Tom Moray , Stanley Brown , Slim Whitaker , Harrison Greene , Art Mix & Eddy WallerDirected by Lambert HillyerWild Bill -LRB- Bill Elliott -RRB- and Cannonball -LRB- Dub Taylor -RRB- arrive looking for the killer of Cannonball 's father only to become involved in a family feud . A man has been charged with kidnaping the girl he plans to marry . So this time Bill turns into a defense lawyer and among the opposition is the killer he is looking for . Only when the killer is revealed does Bill put his guns to work.The supporting cast is very good , with standout performances by the two Crawley sons Frank LaRue -LRB- Rufe Crawley -RRB- and Donald Curtis -LRB- Dade Crawley -RRB- , and a favorite of mine Eddie Waller -LRB- later Nugget Clark in the Rocky Lane westerns of the early 50 's -RRB- as Judge Plunkett . This role of Judge Plunkett just might have been Eddy Waller 's best role during his long career.If you 're a Wild Bill Elliott fan , it just does n't get any better than this . Highly recommend.BIOS :1 . Lambert Hillyer -LRB- Director -RRB- Date of Birth
 After a long time with only a few Bill Elliot film on the market -LRB- except for Red Ryder -RRB- they really begin to come and it is great . This one is especially good . The print is sharp , Elliott is d. . . good and there are lots of action . I do n't know what I think about Dub Taylor as sidekick but I must admit he made me laugh and Eddy Waller -LRB- later to be Allan Lanes sidekick Nugget Clark -RRB- makes a great performance as the judge . Highly recommended !
 My husband and I saw this film when it was showing in New Orleans , where it was made . We both enjoyed it and we kept talking about it . It 's a heart-warming story with excellent acting and a good soundtrack . If you enjoyed `` Benny and Joon '' you 'll like this film , too .
 I saw this movie when it made it 's premiere in New Orleans . What a wonderful movie about friendship and unconditional love . Taylor Slade does a remarkable job in her role as an awkward pre-teen and Blake Balu gives a tremendously touching performance as her mentally challenged friend , Oscar . The entire supporting cast is stellar with stand out performances by Luis Q. Barroso and Micheal P. Sullivan .
 This is a great heartwarming movie . Blake Balu and Taylor Slade are both great and convincing in their roles.A must see for teenagers and adults alike , to learn about acceptance of people who are not like us .
 I was so impressed with the acting of both Blake Balu and Taylor Slade . Furthermore the Cinematography was amazing . Great job to all involved . What a fantastic movie !!
 What a great film ! An original story about odd friends fitting in together with a strange click . With some excellent casting , My Friend Oscar surprised me in the most amusingly entertaining way ! With an almost consuming commitment to their roles the 3 leads mesh perfectly together to form an A team of oddball outcasts fitting seamlessly together to create a group of misfits that appears to be way past left field ... unless you 've lived in New Orleans . While I am in no way trying to compare the two , with the location shooting and cinematography I could n't help thinking back to A Confederacy Of Dunces . A great story with a fantastic cast under great direction in a city all it 's own My Friend Oscar was a breath of refreshing cool air , an underrated treat !
 A BEAUTIFULLY , HEARTWARMING STORY OF INNOCENCE AND TRUST WITH TWO PEOPLE THAT WAS LOOKED UPON BY THEIR COMMUNITY AS OUTCAST . IT IS SO VERY WELL WRITTEN AND PLAYED . THANKS TO ALL THE `` OSCARS '' IN THE WORLD , THAT ALWAYS MAKES THE BEST OF FRIENDS .
 Three friends and I went a showing of this film at a neighborhood theater not knowing what to expect . We 'd heard unspecific reports from friends that it was `` good '' and `` really enjoyable '' and so were curious enough to give it an evenings try.Each of us were totally delighted by this well done , endearing film . The characters each have reality , depth , personality . Several are played by high school students who present themselves as young actors engaged in making a film . Lots of innate talent!The story line moves along well , is believable and engages the audience with humor . pathos and with innovative visual effects . Considerable thought and planning went into the production as is evident by the outcome . There is no `` dead time '' in this movie , it moves along playfully and beautifully and takes you with it through its turns and unexpected twists to a captivating conclusion.All in all , this is a funny , engaging , moving film . It clearly speaks to the heart about friendship , love and overcoming obstacles without being sappy and sentimental.If you do n't enjoy it , call me in the morning for an appointment.Dr.S.Freud43-1097-335-9055-8 --
 Maybe we all saw this film at the Prytania Theatre in New Orleans , the only single-screen movie theater in Louisiana . ` Oscar ' is utterly beguiling in its depiction of two misfits who find one another -LRB- reminiscent of `` Sundays and Cybele '' -RRB- . Its story takes believable twists and turns and there are wonderful animation sequences for material that might not come over as effectively if actually depicted . Wistful beauty meets sometimes brutal reality . The three central performances are as natural as any I 've ever seen on screen , particularly Blake Balu as both versions of Oscar and Luis Q. Barroso as his father , giving a moving performance that lingers in the mind -- and heart . As does this film . Also , you 'll see parts of New Orleans `` major '' films rarely visit
 This movie is called '' The man on a Spying Trapeze '' It IS NOT Jerry Land as printed on the box.The quality of this DVD is like a bad VHS tape . As a matter of fact I have a VHS copy from Something Weirdcollection and the VHS is better quality . Sinister Cinema really should make an effort to make good qualityDVD 's as these old Euro Spy movies are a GEM to watch . Overall , its watchable and a very enjoyable film abouta spy called Jerry Land looking for a Micro Film -LRB- surprised ? , nice twist in the plot towards the end . Its dubbed in English and sometimes the lips do n't match the words which makes it even more enjoyable if you like that sort of thing .
 Much like vol 3 of ghost hunters this one is really freaking me out . In a good way . I 'm only about 1/4 through it and I had to stop and write a review now before I freak out too much . Goosebumps in the daytime is something that few things have ever achieved with me . This does it easily . I do n't recommend watching this at night unless you plan to lay in bed awake most the night with the light on . It 's that unnerving because the accounts are simply irrefutable in my mind . Show this to anyone who is a skeptic or naysayer about ghosts ... the afterlife and assorted paranormal .
 I agree with fra7299 's very thoughtful review of this film of Flannery O'Connor 's longest short story -LRB- and the concluding story of her first collection entitled `` A Good Man is Hard to Find '' -RRB- . The film make lack the immediate clarity and impact of current and contemporary film-making quality because it was made for television
 This is the best martial arts Documentaryabout martial arts in film I ever seen.I real hope 20th century fox can put this filmon DVD . I 'll buy it on the spot .
 This film has the greatest action clips of Jacky Chan , Samo Hung , and Bruce Lee , he shows clips of some other great martial artists like keith cook ... the Guy who played reptile in the motion picture Mortal Kombat .
 This is an excellent video for collectors and enthusiasts . Those who plan to learn martial arts , should look elsewhere though . -- http://www.geocities.com/bjjamaltaOfficial Web Site of the Bushido Ju-Jitsu Academy -LRB- Malta -RRB- . The longest established Ju-Jitsu Organisation in Malta , for serious practitioners interested in Ju-Jitsu and self defence techniques .
 This could be the best martial arts tape I have ever had the pleasure of purchasing . The scenes contained in this compilation are some of the very best ever caught on film and until just recently , thanks to the popularity of Jackie Chan and Jet Li , had never been seen by a U.S. audience.This tape basically gives you a history of the martial arts in film . It starts with the granddaddy of them all Bruce Lee in some amazing and rare footage . The tape then goes into detail about the stars of today -LRB- today being the lates to mid 80 's -RRB- and shows a number of clips from their movies.I highly recommend this tape for any Jackie Chan fan or Martial Laws Sammo Hung . They have clips of these stars in their prime when the could arguably called the biggest action stars in the world . Yes the U.S. rarely opened the doors to these Asian stars who took most of the rest of the world by storm.Towards the end of the tape it takes you into more of the cult aspects of martial art films . Mostly films with wire work and mystical plots even Ninjas!If you are unsure of getting that one Jackie Chan tape or that one Jet Li tape , take a look at this one first . You will not be disappointed !
 This is mostly a showcase of Bruce Lee , Jackie Chan , Samo Hung and other greats.The fight are some the greatest ever made for the silver screen.If one movie could show in 90 minutes the real meaning of `` Martial Arts '' , this movie is it .
 A collection of film clips from some of the best . Great fast paced action excerpts from movies of Jackie Chan , Bruce Lee , Samo Hung & other greats . Fun to watch ! Dont expect a story . This is good for reference & previews of movies of this genre to add to your collection .
 Before all this Jackie Chan mania was going on , no one knew who he was , even though he had done more than a dozen movies in HK and had a strong underground following . This documentary -LRB- even thought it was also not widely released on video -RRB- introduced us to Jackie , as well as Samo Hung , Yuen Biao , Angela Mao and Cynthia Rothrock . It also has the only good fight scene with Jean Claude Van Damme in it.The documentary begins with a collage of fight scenes which are exciting to watch and get louder and louder until in cumulates into a wild scene with Hung , Chan and Biao . Then the narrator , John Saxon appears and introduces each scene . At that time -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , the only way to get Jackie Chan movies were from bootleg copies so watching these clean images were like a godsend . There are also interviews with Chan and Samo Hung.If you are an experienced Martial Arts fan , this movie may not be for you since you 've already seen all the scenes in this movie . However , if you are a rookie looking for good fight scenes , try this movie out . You will be impressed.Note
 A compilation film that uses movie clips and interviews to give an overview of the martial arts action genre . Narrated by John Saxon , the lion 's share of the film concentrates on the three brothers-Jackie Chan , Sammo Hung and Yuen Biao . Other stars are Bruce Lee , Cynthia Rothrock and many others .
 This is a very fast paced film . It is a documentary like you 've never seen . Ninety minutes of almost nothing but fighting . It shows you how to use many types of martial arts weapons , it show you the intense training that these great martial artist went through , and it shows how to use the altamate weapon ... the fist.Scene after scene of your favorite stars in their most action packed films , John Saxon narratorates this classic in the martial arts films .
 Narrated by John Saxon , who played a fellow martial artist in `` Enter the Dragon '' with Bruce Lee , Sammo Hung , Jackie Chan ... Wait , they 're all potrayed in this tape ! Along with Jet Li and the others this documentary gives you insight on how it is to be a martial artist . Gives you good , clean information and very crisp fight scenes .
 Some of the all time greats are featured in this film - particularly - Benny `` The Jet '' Urquidez -LRB- ? -RRB- who never seems to get proper recognition for his great skills .
 hands down the best martial arts documentary ever !!!! It had the best scenes in martial arts history . Most of these movies you ca n't find in the US .
 -LRB- Mr J. Lovin 's review is for another movie altogether -RRB- . This is a true western in widescreen color with a darn good remastering job . Better than some I 've seen lately . They knew how to make westerns in the ' 50 's and this is a classic example . Two guys formerly of Quantrell 's Raiders are secretly released from Texas incarceration to join up with the remnants of the Raiders in Arizona to help capture them . Audie Murphy , who does a good job here , is conflicted as to whether he should join the newly formed Arizona Rangers headed by Buster Crabbe , or head for Mexico.With lots of action and riding through great western scenery , this movie almost feels like an epic story . You might think this is all about raiders , rangers and cavalry - groups of men fighting each other , and there is that , but really , it is about 2 guys trying to find their way after the Civil War . It 's what makes it a good solid western . I 've seen this before in 4x3 blurry vhs quality . It is far more impressive this way . It 's like watching a totally different movie .
 I love western movies , I have watched audie murphy movies since I was younger girl . it is a very good show
 Another Audie Murphy classic western good storyline and plenty of action as well good supporting actors . Any westerns that Audie Murphy has starred in that i have seen i would recommend if you love a good western .
 VCI Entertainment and Paramount Pictures present `` Arizona Raiders '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- -LRB- Dolbydigitally remastered -RRB- ... relive those thrilling days from the early '30s and '40s when Buster Crabbe took us down the dusty trails and the plains to excitingadventures ... some of the best B-Westerns ever to grace the Saturday MatineeScreen ... just remember double thrills , chills , mystery and suspense ... hitting the bull 's eyewith excitement ... do n't miss any of the Buster Crabbe features loaded with action that will leaveyou wanting more of his B-Western adventuresUnder director James Hogan , producer A.M. Botsford , original story by Zane Grey , screenplay by John Krafft and Robert Yost ... the cast include Larry ` Buster ' Crabbe -LRB- ` Laramie ' Nelson -RRB- , Raymond Hatton -LRB- ` Tracks ' Williams -RRB- , Marsha Hunt -LRB- Harriett Lindsay -RRB- , Betty Jane Rhodes -LRB- Lenta Lindsay -RRB- , Johnny Downs -LRB- ` Lonesome ' Alonzo Mulhall -RRB- , Grant Withers -LRB- Monroe Adams -RRB- , Don Rowan -LRB- Luke Arledge -RRB- , Arthur Aylesworth -LRB- Andy Winthrop -RRB- , Richard Carle -LRB- Boswell Albernathy -RRB- , Petra Silva -LRB- ` Tiny ' -RRB- , Augie Gomez -LRB- Cowboy -RRB- , Ken Cooper -LRB- Cowboy -RRB- , Spike Spackman -LRB- Cowboy -RRB- ... . our story opens as our hero Larry ` Buster ' Crabbe has a rope around his neck , but never fear he 's not done for yet ... now enters our favorite sidekick Raymond Hatton who has the same affliction for the rope around his neck , but never fear Crabbe has the situation under control ... is Grant Withers and Don Rowan the villains of this oater , what about our heroine Marsha Hunt whose horses seem to be the plot of this Paramount saga ... are the two love birds Johnny Downs and Betty Jane Rhodes ever going to tie the knot ... the comedy between the trio Crabbe , Hatton and Downs is side splitting ... an above average story and great acting from an outstanding cast ... . B-Western footnote , one of my favorite character actors was Raymond Hatton -LRB- 1887-1971 -RRB- who worked with Buck Jones , Tim McCoy and Johnny Mack Brown as Marshall Sandy Hopkins appeared from 1943 and made 45 films for Monogram Pictures ... Hatton who first appeared on film in `` Tragic Love '' -LRB- 1909-Silent/unconfirmed -RRB- , `` Oliver Twist '' -LRB- 1917 -RRB- , `` The Hunchback of Notre Dame -LRB- 1923 -RRB- , `` The Squaw Man '' -LRB- 1931 -RRB- , `` Law and Order '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- ... during the '30s & '40s he played the comical sidekick for Johnny Mack Brown and Bob Livingston ... went on to join Buck Jones and Tim McCoy in the `` Rough Riders '' series ... Hatton worked right up to his last film `` In Cold Blood '' -LRB- 1967 -RRB- ... . . check out this and more in a new book `` Those Great Cowboy Sidekicks '' by David Rothel , available from Amazon and Empire Publishing ... pick up your copy today ... another great B-Western for Buster Crabbe under the Paramount Pictures banner , proves to be one of his most exciting performances.Special footnote , actor Buster Crabbe graduated from the University of Southern California and won the 400 meter freestyle in which he medaled in the 1932 Olympics , went to work for Paramount in `` King of the Jungle '' -LRB- 1933 -RRB- , next role was `` Tarzan the Fearless -LRB- 1933 -RRB- , Crabbe returned to Paramount Pictures was featured in Zane Grey Westerns which were well received , then came the roles that made him a household word `` Flash Gordon '' and `` Buck Rogers '' at Universal Picture Serials -LRB- 1936-1940 -RRB- , meanwhile PRC Studios was looking for a leading hero `` Billy the Kid '' and `` Billy Carson '' in the 1940 's B-Western series and ran its course for six years , later made several televison appearances and appeared in a series `` Captain Gallant and the Foreign Legion '' -LRB- 1955-1957 -RRB- ... SPECIAL FEATURES : BIOS :1 . Buster Crabbe -LRB- aka
 arizona raiders is another good audie murphy movie its very good there is another excenllent aduie murphy movie witch should be on dvd is gunsmoke from 1953 .
 This is the type of movie that I would expect to find on The Hallmark Channel . It tests your faith , makes you want to cry and laugh all within 90 minutes . There are a lot of themes in the movie that play to the ` normal ' persons everyday life ... too busy , not enough hours in the day , money troubles . It all fits . A good movie that allows you to realize that you need to reset your priorities !
 The Way HomeIt is easy to see why this film won a Pearl Award at the International Family Film Festival . While it seems unlikely that a film about such a common theme - little boy lost , little boy found - could offer much in the way of drama or a compelling storyline , there is real depth and substance to this movie . Based on a true story , it contains no `` Hollywood '' brand name stars . However , it does have believable characters , a realistic portrayl of a community united by love , and a positive representation of Christians and Christianity in action.Randy Simpkins -LRB- Dean Cain -RRB- is distracted for a few minutes from his task of watching his toddler son . A parent 's worst nightmare follows ; the little boy disappears . The movie documents the search and rescue efforts to find the boy , and , wonders of wonders , does it without using any profanity , gratuitous sex , or taking the Lord 's name in vain . If you want to know whether little Joe Simpkins is found and restored to his family , you will have to watch the movie and discover for yourself . The good news is the whole family can enjoy the movie together without worrying about inappropriate language or sexual innuendoes . The only criticism is there were too many previews prior to the start of the movie.Disclosure of Material Connection
 Randy Simpkins works hard to support his family . Too hard . He is never around for them , and when the movie begins , he was supposed to be keeping an eye out for his two-year-old son , Joe . . but he did n't . Involved in other things , he let the little boy outside to play on his own , and then discovered the little boy had disappeared . Not knowing if their son had been kidnapped , had fallen into one of the many wells , ponds , or swamp areas around them , he and his wife become frantic , and are met with a massive outpouring of support and help from their community.This is not a movie with a lot of action , but it is very moving and emotional . Maybe I should n't admit it , but I should have kept a tissue or two nearby while watching - so be forewarned.This is definitely a Christian movie , no holds barred , but it is not tacky or cheesy as too many Christian movies tend to be . They have professional actors , and they do a great job portraying the emotions of parents whose child is missing . There is no cursing whatsoever in the movie . `` Dang '' is used twice , which is a word I do n't use , but it is more of a slang word than a swear word.The movie was great , and I highly recommend it . And is the boy found ? And if so , dead or alive ? Watch the movie and find out .
 This movie is based on a true story and follows the Simpkins family -LRB- with workaholic dad Dean Cain , ala Superman as Randy -RRB- as they are preparing to go on a vacation . Christal -LRB- Randy 's wife -RRB- asks him to watch 2 - year-old Joe for a few minutes as they prepare to leave , and while Randy is momentarily distracted Joe disappears.The movie documents the rallying of a small town searching for a lost little boy , along with the strains on relationships and faiths that come along with it . The film largely follows the perspective of the mother and father as they come to terms with the fact that their son is missing , and the flurry of activity and chaos that follows . One of the most touching scenes was during the search as Randy pictures Joe growing up , getting married and staring his own family . He imagines Joe handing him his infant grandson years down the road , then suddenly snaps back to reality - standing with empty arms instead of cradling a baby - in the middle of a large field.I enjoyed this movie and thought it portrayed a horrible situation realistically and empathetically . There was development of the characters ' relationships among themselves , and of their own feelings of the real priorities in life .
 The Way Home starring Dean Cain -LRB- best known for his role as Superman on the TV series Lois & Clark -RRB- is based on the true story of the Simpkins family who went through every parents nightmare of their child disappearing . Two year old Joe went missing while his parents were preparing for a family vacation and had left him in the driveway for mere moments . What happened next was heartwarming , the entire community came together and searched for this little one , hoping to bring him home . I 'll not share what happens because no one likes a spoiler ! This film is perfect for family viewing , it has a PG rating but with the way movies are now I 'd have given it a G. It 's clean and inspiring . It 's by Lionsgate Entertainment and is Dove Family Approved.An interesting fact about this film is that it was filmed at the very location where the events unfolded . The places you see on the screen are the actual places where the searches took place . I also appreciated the way they portrayed Christians in this movie , usually the Christians are the underdogs or weird ones , this movie showed Christians as real people -LRB- which we are -RRB- and it showed them praying to the Lord for strength . It 's good to share a movie with my family that goes hand in hand with how we live our own lives . Finally , someone out there is listenting and providing decent entertainment that I do n't have to be ashamed of bringing into my home.This DVD will be released on Oct 26 , 2010 - just in time for those long evenings when you 're looking for something to do as a family . Go get it , you wo n't be disappointed !
 So many times as families we search for great movies with a message . Too often we fail in our attempts because companies simply are n't gearing that kind of movie any longer , yet I have come across some greats lately with my latest , The Way Home that I received compliments of Thomas Nelson to review.The movie based on a true story is about a man named Randy Simpkins , -LRB- played by Dean Cain from The New Adventures of Superman -RRB- who is like your typical family man . He spends countless hours trying to make enough so that his wife Cristal can stay at home and take care of raising their three boys . However lately Randy has been working way too much and neglecting his number one priority , his family.When Cristal makes plans to take the family away on a much needed vacation to the beach , she has to call Randy at work and tell him to come home . He had promised her he was n't even going to go into work that day and now he is late coming home . Meanwhile , the responsibility has fallen on her shoulders to load up the family van while taking care of her youngest Joe , whose two.When Randy finally makes it home , Cristal is in the final stages of being packed and ready to leave , but needs to make a final check through the house . She asks Randy to take the last two bags by the front door and load them into the van , and make sure to put Joe in his car seat.Randy and Joe have a confrontation when Joe refuses to get in the van insisting that he wants to go to his Pa-Pa 's house instead on his tricycle . While Joe tells him to stay by the van while he grabs the last of the bags and head inside , Joe promises to stay close . However when Randy gets the last minute impulse to check his work email before leaving , he is caught by his wife . They both grab their stuff and head outside , where Joe is now missing . Thinking he is doing nothing more than playing hide and seek , the parents spread out and begin the search . However after 30 minutes , it seems like something more has happened and the real search for Joe begins.This movie has a great message behind it all as Randy gets an opportunity to see what life without his family would be like before it 's too late and comes with a great recommendation from me as a must see movie . I would easily rate this movie a 5 out of 5 stars because in today 's world where we find ourselves so busy , its easy to lose sight of what really matters most . The movie is 91 minutes long and produced by Red Five Entertainment and Lionsgate . It was also the winner of the Pearl Award at the International Family Film Festival .
 I usually reserve my reviews for books I read . But recently I received the movieWay Homefrom Thomas Nelson Publishers ' BookSneeze Program . Here 's a link to it on Amazon.com.This was a great drama . It 's not just based on a true story , it an accurate re-telling of the actuial events of the story of a missing two-year-old child.The Way Home is a gripping tale of Randy Simpkins -LRB- Dean Cain `` Lois & Clark
 This movie requires a box of puffs and is such a rich movie about what really matters in life . When a two year old is gone in a moment and a community comes together to look for him . It really speaks to you to see how connected people are to one another even when they do not see it or know it . How giving of your time can make all the difference and how and who to trust . When you are out of control of your life what do you hold on to ? Who do you trust and will you make a difference or just look out for yourself or chase the money or worldly things ? You need to watch this movie . Remember to tell those you love how important they are to you . Live each moment as the gift that it is and thank God for everything all day long . When we are real about the things that matter the things that try to pull us away fade into the distance and the truth that will last shines through !
 The Way Home is a movie based on a true story . A two-year-old boy disappears , presumably having wandered off , and no one can find him . Search teams are deployed , and after hours , it begins to look hopeless . Randy and Christal , his parents , have to turn to the only One who knows where their son is - and put their trust in the God who can keep him safe . They also learn a lot about what their priorities should be , and what does really matter.Our family enjoyed the movie , and it was a good opportunity to impress upon our young child the seriousness of wandering off . The only thing I did n't like is that there were places that the story line was rather slow and it got repetitious in a few places . Overall , I would recommend this as a good movie for a family to watch.I received a complimentary copy of this DVD from the publisher through -LSB- ... -RSB- . I was not required to write a positive review , and the opinions expressed are my own .
 The Simpkins are about to leave on vacation . Christal is a little frustrated with her husband , Randy , because he is distracted by work . Christal asks Randy to put their two-year-old son , Joe , in his car seat while she closed up the house . Randy knowing that Joe would be cooped up in the car for along time decides to let him continue to ride his bike around while he grabbed the last minute items . While in the house he gets distracted by checking emails . When Randy and Christal finally return to the car , little Joe is no where to be found . How far can a two-year-old get anyway ? After an exhaustive search themselves , they call on friends and relatives and finally Randy makes the dreaded 911 call . How will this family make it through this crisis?I thought the movie was great ! Dean Cain and Lori Beth Edgeman do a fine job in their lead roles . What an inspiring true story . One thing I really appreciated about this DVD was the `` special features '' portion . I loved hearing Randy and Christal tell their story in their own words . As well as the others who were involved . It was an inspiration to hear how God used that event to change hearts , especially Randy 's . It was awesome to see how the community banded together to find Joe and give support to the family . Praying them through it . I think the message in this movie is a very timely one . I would highly recommend The Way Home . A thank you goes to Booksneeze for providing me with this complimentary DVD for my review !
 The Way Home is about a community that comes together when Randy -LRB- Dean Cain -RRB- and Christal Simpkin 's two-year-old boy goes missing . Their trust that God is always with them during this difficult time is truly inspiring ! This movie will make you want to hug your kids and never let them go ! I pretty much cried during the entire movie ! After watching the conversations between cast and character in the special features , I loved the movie even more ! This movie is n't just based on a true story , it is a true story ! It was filmed at the Simpkin 's actual home . Randy and Christal themselves even make an appearance in the movie ! I `` ve always liked Dean Cain , but I have a new appreciation for him now that I know about his reasons for doing the movie and his great relationship with his own young son . I would recommend this movie to all parents . It will transform your priorities ! It will make you want to have a closer relationship with God , your family , and your community!Disclosure of Material Connection
 I never heard of this movie , I only purchased it because of Dean Cain . It was such a great movie that I cried . I 'm a 46 year old male and I would recommend this movie to anyone that would like to see what OUR God does and can do for us .
 This movie is so real . Not high tech , but has a real story to tell . The desperation of these parents is so real . The first time I turned it on I could n't watch it , but knowing that the ending turns out well made me watch it through . Sorry if that spoils it . But a mother might avoid the movie because it 's every mother 's nightmare .
 The Way Home was a movie that I had never heard of before I sat down to watch it , but by the end of the film I was in tears . It was a true story of a husband and a father who had lost himself in the business of life and his excuse was that he was trying to provide a good life for his family . Even though he had good intentions , he missed something that mattered so much more than his work-his family . By the end of the movie we see a disparate father crying out to God for help.I give this movie a 9.5 / 10 and would strongly recommend this movie to everyone . It shows the importance of the right priorities in our lives - God , family , church , work . That day changed this man 's life and now he makes sure that his time is balanced and well spent with the right people .
 Dean Cain surprised me with this film . Since the Loise and Clark series , he has pretty much gone for quick bucks and taken a role in almost any direct-to-dvd film out there . But in this case , you can tell he believed in the material . A busy father is distracted , loses his toddler , and everyone for miles comes to help in the search . It was a little over the top on the `` pray-your-way-out-of-trouble '' message , but i still found it very entertaining and felt for the characters .
 The Way Home is a brand new Christian movie that just came out in October . I have the privilege of reviewing a copy for free courtesy of -LSB- ... -RSB- When I saw the opportunity to receive this movie in exchange for a review that was either positive or negative I was excited . I had seen this movie listed on Christianbook.com as a new Christian movie soon to be released . It sounded like a good movie and I 'm happy that I am able to review it.Let me first off say , I like this movie . The Way Home did not hold much suspense factor for me , as the basic plot of the story is laid out in the blurb before you watch the movie , and somehow before I watched it I knew the ending of the story -LRB- I think by reading about the movie beforehand -RRB- . However , I did find the movie interesting , especially because it is based on a true story . Even though the producers only had about and hour and half to tell the whole story , they did a good job at making it very realistic with the time frames of going through proper protocol , finding the boy , etc. . I knew the ending and so I was pretty antsy wishing they would hurry up and get to the happy ending , but really in real life it usually does take a long time for missing children to be found.Probably the biggest thing that I did n't like about the movie is that if I remember right -LRB- it has been a few weeks since I watched it -RRB- is that they use the word `` damn '' a few times . Call me picky , but I do n't like bad language even if it is just the `` d '' word . Will this cause me to not watch the movie again ? No , I just think they could have and should have left out those words . It would have made it even more family friendly.Overall , I like this movie and would recommend it!I give this movie 4 out of 5 stars.Disclosure of Material Connection
 The Way Home , starring Dean Cain -LRB- `` Lois & Clark
 I ca n't imagine what it would be like to have a child go missing . Let alone a two year old . As a mother it makes my heart go cold.The Way Home DVD explores the true account of a family that went through this experience . I did n't actually know how the story ended before I watched it , and I was fairly close to the edge of my seat the whole way through . It is very much a drama , and quite intense . The acting was fairly believable , which is often lacking in the Christian movie genre . The faith moments that were integrated into the movie were done naturally and in context.The movie centers mostly on the experience of the father , who must confront the choices he has been making recently regarding his work and family priorities . The message of the movie is clear and challenging . I thoroughly enjoyed the additional special features where the real Simpkins family is interviewed in more of a documentary style.I was given this DVD by Booksneeze in exchange for an unbiased review .
 This movie truly touched my heart . As a parent it got me thinking abut how much time do I really spend with my children . when the movie ended I even wanted to go and wake them up and hold onto them and whisper `` I love you '' in their ears over and over again . `` The Way Home '' has two meanings in this TRUE story . The first being little 2 year old Joe finding his way home and the second and most important is Randy finding his way back into his families life . Before Joe went missing Randy was always busy with his work , even a few minutes before his little boy disappeared he was focused on work rather then getting his family ready for their vacation.I was also moved by the faith and support shown in the movie . My church the past year has been talking about `` family loving deeply '' and the Christian community -LRB- and the town -RRB- truly showed what it means to be a family loving deeply . Perfect strangers were showing up to pray and to search for Joe . Prayer chains were growing like crazy all over the US.I would recommend this movie to all families , you will be deeply moved by this story and I would hope you would find the love of Christ through it and that your perspective on your family will change to become a deeper connection with each other . ------------------------ * Disclosure of Material Connection
 DescriptionHow would you feel if you turned your back `` for a second '' and your 2-year-old son was gone ? Vanished . Randy Simpkins and his wife know the answer to that question . `` The Way Home '' is not just based on their family 's story , it is their story . Joe was 2 , they were packing up the car for a much-needed vacation , -LRB- but could it mend their marriage and glue their family back together again ? -RRB- . Randy was absorbed , as usual , in work . He thought his sole purpose as a husband and father was to provide for his family . No more . That 's how he saw it . What did she expect from him ?! She was always nagging him , wanting more . In every way she could , she was crying out to him to love her , to love their 3 boys . Maybe this vacation was going to be the answer to her cries . Randy just saw it as an imposition , but knew he was n't going to get out of it . Feeling dragged away from work , left with the last-minute details of packing up the car and responsible for watching Joe , he still managed to slip back into the house to check his work email , leaving Joe , 2-years-old , riding his trike outside . He did give explicit instructions to Joe where he was to play . But , how long does it take a two-year-old to disappear ? Where could he be ? Frustration with Joe 's possibly having gotten it into his head to take off for Grandpa 's on his own , and frustration with each other , Randy and his wife go from frustration to real fear over their little boy gone missing.My ReviewThis is a true story . The Simpkins family was involved in the making of the DVD and it is very believable . This could happen to any one of us , and what would we do ? It is easy to feel with them as they go through minute-by-minute agonizing and heart-wrenching thoughts , feelings and decisions with the authorities who handled the case , and all the community support . I thought the casting was good , especially the two main characters of Randy and his wife . The little boy who played Joe in the opening scenes grabbed your heart , and you really felt the ache thinking of him lost and alone without his mommy , with darkness approaching . The heart , though , of the story is the change that took place in Randy Simpkins , and that is communicated well . I would recommend this DVD . It is not depressing , manipulative , or a tear-jerker , as I originally feared , but it is heartwarming , and shows how God works in the life of a man and in his family through the biggest crisis of their lives . Simply , but powerfully , told , you 'll be able to put yourself into their shoes , or their neighbors ' . I could have been one of those helping to look for Joe -- or praying . Or it could have been my little boy . The outpouring of love from the community , how Joe 's disappearance affected everyone , how God changed Randy Simpkins that day -- this is the story of `` The Way Home . `` Definitely get this DVD and watch it .
 If you are looking for a heartwarming , touching film , than this movie is perfect for you and your whole family ! It stars `` Dean Cain '' , who plays a father that puts his job first , as `` numero-uno '' , until something tragic takes place ; his beloved little boy goes missing in his care ! The movie of course runs it 's natural course , with the community rallying behind the family to search for their child , and the story goes on . I do n't want to be a spoiler and give away all of the wonderful and important details , but I will say , that if you purchase the movie `` The Way Home '' , you and your whole family will decide to make this movie a keeper for many generations to come , and you will not be disappointed!I found the movie to be truly heartwarming , and endearing , though very typical for this type of film , and it was somewhat easy to figure out what the outcome was going to be , but all in all , it was very enjoyable , though do be prepared to laugh , cry , and above all , do n't take your lives and family for granted , love them all well , each and every day , for you know not what a day may bring.As per FTC guidelines , I must state that I received a complimentary copy of the DVD `` The Way Home '' , from Thomas Nelson Publishers , to watch for review . My opinions are expressly my own and are in no way influenced positively or negatively , due to receiving this review copy .
 This movie is based upon the true story of the Simpkins Family of Georgia from March 31 , 2000 . Knowing this was a true story made this a little more difficult to watch . Also having had my little one wander off once certainly brought back those feelings of what-if , despair , scared-ness and finally relief and joy at being reunited with my babe.You will cry during this movie . You will be scared . You will feel the joy and relief of all those looking for little Joe when he is finally found . Watching the overly dedicated to work Dad , played by Dean Cain , fall to his knees in prayer is difficult to watch . He 's crying out to the Lord to know if his son is alive or dead . What a place for a parent to be ... It 's a reminder to all of us to slow down and be very present with our family . To realize that life is too short to be wasted . To know that we are very much needed by the members of our families . And to know that God can use any situation , no matter how bad , to draw us to Him.Overall , I give this movie 5 stars . It is well worth the time to watch it , with your WHOLE family .
 Let me just say this
 Oh.my.goodness ! WOW ! Amazing movie ! Awesome testimony of faith ! The movie is based on a true story . It 's about a man named Randy Simpkins and his family . He 's a workaholic and his family scheduled a vacation to get away from it all . Randy is asked to watch his 2 year old for just a few minutes while he wife finishes up in the house . He takes his eyes off of Joe for just a few minutes and he 's gone.They start looking everywhere , Randy 's mom calls her pastor . The pastor immediately calls other churches and they have a prayer team and search team in place . It 's amazing how everyone is searching and working together.It is one of the best movies I have seen in a very long time . Our family watched it together and each one of them loved it as much as I did.I would recommend seeing this movie
 A parent 's worst nightmare . The Way Home tells the story of when the Simpkins family lived the nightmare of a child gone missing . Starring Dean Cain and Lori Beth Edgeman , who both did a fine job as Randy and Christal Simpkins , the parents of toddler , Joe , who disappears from their yard while Randy is caught up in work . As news of the child 's disappearance spreads , people from all over the community show up in remarkable numbers to lend aid in the search and to comfort the family . The questions beg to be answered
 I like Dean Cain and the movie - based on true facts is a great story - what is really important in our lives .
 This movie makes you stop to think about what is trule important in life . Thanks you for offering it . We need more movies like this that families can watch . Great actors .
 I thought the movie was awesome . It had a great story of human kindness . I also thourght that it taught the power of prayer .
 Excellent ! Enjoyed movie . Decent family film . I would highly recommend it . Great for every one . It keeps you wondering what will happen next .
 This movie was wonderful . Dean Cain should have won an award for this one . It 's a true story , not just based on a true story . It was great hearing the real family interviews on the special features . People need to see this one . Make sure you have a lot of tissues when you watch it , it 's a tear jerker .
 The way home is a really great movie . It is really inspiring and heart warming . It shows you that prayer and love can help in any situation . The dad really learns his lesson about putting his work ahead of his family . It has great emotions and heart felt efforts . In The Way Home , actor Dean Cain stars as Randy Simpkins , an on-the-go dad and husband who far too often chooses work over his family . While watching his two-year-old son , Randy yet again is distracted , and when he turns around Little Joe is gone . In a frantic search , Randy and his wife Crystal look for their son , even as their worst fears begin to take root . The Way Home storyline shows the contrast between the Simpkins ' fears and the overwhelming love they feel when as family , friends , and even complete strangers pitch in to help find their little boy . Randy and Crystal -LRB- Lori Beth Edgeman -RRB- struggle to keep their marriage and hope afloat . After crying out to God and seeing the hundreds of volunteers out scouting for his son , Randy has the chance to return home and support his wife . The story is full of differing characters . Some have no hope at all , while others wo n't give up until they find Joe . The movie 's bottom line is one of hope , faith , and what is truly important in life . The story gets you right from the beginning . Joe disappears and you actually feel the emotions rise as the characters become more and more afraid about the possible outcomes .
 '' The Way Home '' is based on a true inspirational story . Dean Cain stars as Randy Simpkins , a father and husband . He is having a hard time trying to keep up with both his commitment to his family , and the endless demands of his job . Randy , his wife and son have planned to go on vacation . He makes plans to leave early from work . He arrives home and his wife goes to finish gathering their things from the house . Before she leaves , she asks him to watch their 2 yr old son Joe . Randy still distracted by thinking about work , does not realize his son has wandered off.His wife Christal comes back to find that Joe is gone and Randy has no idea where he is . They beginning calling Joe 's name and do not hear him respond . When unable to find him , they call 911 and the search for their missing son begins . The local church and the members of their community come to their aid giving them emotional support as well as joining in the search to find Joe.Christal and Randy 's marriage is tested , while having to face the potential loss of their only child . Randy comes to realize that he has been neglecting the two most important people in his life . At the end of the movie , Randy 's faith in God is restored and he commits to making his family a top priority . I would definitely recommend this movie to everyone . It has a great plot and keeps you on the edge of your seat until the end.I received this book free from the publisher through the BookSneeze.com book review bloggers program . I was not required to write a positive review . The opinions I have expressed are my own . I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission 's 16 CFR , Part 255
 What happens when a family starts to lose touch ? Will a crisis lead them back to God ? In `` The Way Home '' you 'll see a family who learns to lean on God and family and friends when their little boy goes missing . Through friends , prayer , and lots of faith they wait for the return of their son.This movie was very powerful . As a parent myself , it was easy to imagine how I would react in a tragic situation like this family experienced . Through prayer the friends and neighbors all pulled together with strength and encouragement for the Simpkins family . And as a married couple , Randy Simpkins , played by Dean Cain , and his wife learn to trust and depend on each other . `` The Way Home '' is a must see for families everywhere . It will make you look at your faith and think about how you 'd react in a crisis . Would you be like Mrs. Simpkins who leaned on family and friends ? Or would you be more like Randy Simpkins who was stubborn and then learned that God really is in control?The Way Home -LRB- Widescreen -RRB-
 I received the dvd , The Way Home , from Thomas Nelson for review . I had no idea what it was about , but knew that it starred Dean Cain and I like him so I figured it 'd be alright.The Way Home is a true story about a family whose son goes missing , but it 's about so much more than that as well . It tells the story of a man who has lost his way ... feeling that work was more important than family or marriage . It 's about a mom who is struggling to connect with the husband she feels she 's lost ... and the frustration she feels in having to be a single parent.The Way Home is a story well-told and well-acted , for the most part . I enjoyed it , finding it suspenseful and touching at the same time . It holds your attention from the first scene until the last , and if you allow it to , you might actually learn something about yourself.So , do they find their son ? Does the husband/father realize his mistakes ? Can the mom forgive her husband and herself ? All of these are questions that will be answered if you get the video and watch ! I promise you will not be disappointed !
 The Way Home - A Lionsgate Video `` The Way Home '' - a Lionsgate video is a Christian video that is based on an inspirational true story about a family in crisis that brings a community together . It is well made with believable characters , including Dean Cain as Randy Simpkins.In this film we see a family torn apart and tested by , what could 've been a major tragedy . A daddy that works too much and has strayed from his faith and his family -LRB- emotionally -RRB- is brought to his knees when his little boy disappears . Not only does his church show up to help , but other churches and many people from the community that he or his wife had not even known previously.I would definitely recommend - and have already recommended this movie to family and friends . Anyone looking for a good movie to watch in which you do n't have to worry about language , violence , or morality issues should watch this film . I feel good that even my kids and grandkids can watch this and even learn about faith in the process.Disclosure of Material Connection
 Read the Back : An Inspiring True StoryDean Cain -LRB- `` Lois & Clark
 Dean Cain -LRB- Superman -RRB- stars in this film about the possible loss of a child that has wandered off and got lost , it is every parent and grandparents nightmare come true when they turn round to look for the child and it has gone , it portrays the sinking feeling . The film follows the search and eventual finding of the child , it places great emphasis on the fact that members of local churches rally round and help with the search as being something unusual , my experience in Northern Ireland would be that this would be a normal reaction to a problem like this , I also found it strange that the Police and Rescue services were suspicious of the people offering to help , here again that would not be normal in Northern Ireland , we would usually be only too grateful for all the help that we could muster . The theme throughout the DVD is the power of prayer and the support given to the family from church members and also the subsequent conversion of the father who then changes his attitude to be with his family more , a good family DVD with a moral for a message portrayed in a sensitive manner . Interesting as well that the Simpkins family who the story was about had cameo roles in the film .
 Our family recently enjoyed a family movie night with a new movie , based upon an `` inspirational true story . '' A recipient of the Dove Family Seal of Approval , this wholesome family film does merit a rating of PG for its tense and dramatic scenes , which revolve around the disappearance and search for a missing 2 year old boy.While Georgia contractor Randy Simpkins -LRB- played by Dean Cain of the Lois and Clark TV series -RRB- is momentarily distracted by work one day , his 2 year old son disappears . As the couple 's relationship and faith are tested , their local community and rescue personnel come together to support them in the search . While the film can be somewhat slow-moving at times , several key elements to the plot are woven together throughout the movie , which really does make for a wonderful message.The bonus footage adds to the story , though sound quality was not good for portions of it . The acting is generally strong , and the real-life Randy and Christal Simpkins play `` bit parts '' in the film , which is interesting . Overall , this film is a good choice for family viewing as well as for a church family movie night viewing.Disclosure
 Okay , so it 's not a billion-dollar Hollywood movie , but it 's good and I really enjoyed it ... as much as you can enjoy a true story about parents who 's toddler goes missing . I really connected with the characters and more than a few tears were shed throughout -LRB- Mama 's be warned ! -RRB- . By the end of the movie I just wanted to scoop my children up and squeeze 'em 'til they screamed , I do n't think I 'm ever letting them out of my sight again -LRB- poor things LOL -RRB- . It was also nice to know that I was n't going to run into anything distasteful - because The Way Home is a Christian film I knew it would be safe for the boys to watch . And that 's really important to me . ***** I received a copy of The Way Home to review in exchange for my honest opinion .
 After I completed my last book review for Booksneeze.com , I was browsing their available titles , and saw that they had a DVD copy of the movie The Way Home available . I had heard about this movie from friends , because it is based on a true story about a family in Georgia . When their 2 year old son goes missing , the entire community joins together to help this family desperately search for the toddler . As a parent of young children , this was especially emotional to watch ! I love the way this couple uses this horrific event to bring them closer together , and that they did not lose their face in the darkest of times . I know that some people are of the opinion that some Christian movies can be cheesy and predictable , but I did not find that to be the case with this movie.I was captivated from the beginning of the movie , and was truly touched at the reactions of the community . I would definitely recommend this movie to my friends and family . *** Disclosure
 I watched a movie the other night that I received through the Book Sneeze program to review . It is a Christian based movie about the power of prayer , in a nutshell . The movie , The Way Home is about a family whose 2 year old son has gone missing . Through out the movie you see differing points of view from the searchers , and the first responders . Thought I found the movie to be somewhat predictable , and the acting better at some times than others , I was very moved by the film . I came away from the film reminded of the important things in life , like smiles on our children 's faces , and quality time spent with family . I was reminded of how little the `` other stuff '' matters in the end anyway . I spend a good deal of time with my kids , being a homeschooling mom , but even in that I find there are days that I do n't interact with them as much as I wish I had . This movie moved me to be recommitted to spending more quality time with my kids , and to remember what 's important . I would recommend this movie for a home group or church movie night , just be sure to have a LOT of tissue handy!Disclosure of Material Connection
 The Way Home follows the story of a family who ca n't find their son . Initially , the scene opens and they 're all preparing to go on a trip . The wife goes inside to check something and tells the husband , Randy , to watch their son , Joe . Randy goes inside to check his email and when they return to pack up the car , Joe is gone . Every parents ' worst nightmare , from what I understand . The story continues and eventually goes through Randy 's relationship with God and an amazing community outpouring from their small town . It 's a pretty uplifting video.As for my review , I did like the overall story line and story , but it seemed a little too long for the story line the movie was portraying . It was a nice simple movie that my grandma would have loved , however . I 'm just a little too jaded by the media industry , I think.Disclosure of Material Connection
 I was sent an advance copy of The Way Home , starring Dean Cain -LRB- remember Superman ? -RRB- and Lori Beth Edgeman . It 's based on a true story about a boy who goes missing and a town that rallies around the family to help.The movie is geared towards a Christian audience and tells the story of hope and faith in the midst of a tough struggle . I wish it could have been geared towards a broader audience and reach more people with a great message , however.Nonetheless , if you have a chance to check it out , there 's a message about priorities and how a community should come together .
 Randy Simpkins did n't have his priorities straight . Always working to provide for his family ; spending little time at home , his marriage was on the rocks . When preparing to go away for a much needed vacation , Randy and Christal 's two year son , Joe , disappears.This story is an emotional roller coaster from the disappearance til the very end . Interestingly enough , I think that I felt more concerned and scared than the character Christal did . I did n't think that she was very believable as a distraught mother at the beginning . I kept putting myself in her position , and I 'm quite sure I would probably have to be tranquilized under a similar situation.But as the movie continued -LRB- what made it more compelling for me to finish it is the fact that it is a true story -RRB- I was glad that I kept watching . The heart of the community that gathered around Randy and Christal to help search for little Joe was indeed inspiring.So the bottom line - I enjoyed this movie . The acting got better as it went on . One of the storylines was very touching , and the fact that it was based on a true story added quite a bit of interest to the overall story.I received a free copy of this movie from Thomas Nelson in exchange for my unpaid and unbiased review .
 A missing child . A family in crisis . A faith tested . In their darkest hour , God gives hope . Dean Cain stars as Randy Simpkins , a husband and father torn between the demands of his job and family . Asked by his wife to watch their two-year-old son , Joe , for a few minutes , he becomes distracted by work . When he returns , Joe is gone . He and his wife search desperately for their missing son through the vast countryside . But as their fear grows , the community responds - hundreds of supporters uniting behind the family in a powerful spiritual journey that will test the couple 's love and faith , and forever change a community.A good movie ! When I chose this movie to review , I did not realize that this is the story of a family from here in Georgia . After watching a few minutes into the movie , I realized that I remember when this happened . Being a mother , my heart was torn , while watching the hurt that these parents must have went through , while their little toddler was missing . ** Grab a box of tissues ! ** This is not a mega multi million dollar production . Some of the acting is not the best . But the story about how a family holds on to their faith and how a community gathers around the family in a time of need , is wonderful.I received this movie for free from Book Sneeze in return for my honest opinion .
 I thought this was a wonderful family movie . Definitely need your Kleenex . We watched this movie as a family and both my girls -LRB- who are 10 and 6 -RRB- , loved this movie . It is a good movie for dads to watch that are working too much and not giving enough time to your family or even us moms . It makes you realize that your time with your kids could be snatched from you and you wo n't even know it is about to happen . Yes the acting in the movie was n't the greatest but the storyline made up for it . I did n't realize that this was a true story and at the end the showed updated pictures and that was great to see.I give this movie 5 stars out of 5 . * I was sent a free copy of this DVD from the publisher to watch and review . I am not compensated for my honest review
 We watched this on Monday for family night . We should have got our box of tissues out before the movie started . This is my worst nightmare
 The Way HomeRed Five EntertainmentRandy Simkins is a husband and father torn between the demands of his job and commitment to his family . Asked by his wife Christal to watch their two-year-old son Joe for a few minutes . Randy is distracted by work and Joe disappears . Racked by guilt , Randy joins Christal in a desperate search for their missing son alongside hundreds of others from their church and community . Randy and Christal 's strained marriage must now weather the ultimate test -- the potential loss of a child . The Way Home is the story of Randy 's powerful spiritual journey back to love , faith and Godly understanding of what must always take priority in a man 's life -- his family.This is a story , not based on a true story , but it actually IS the true story of a child that disappeared , and the community rally that occurred to find him . Through the camera lens , we are introduced to the Simpkins family at a time when Randy is swamped with work , and Christal is resenting the time he spends away from the family . Although Randy is a loving father when he is home , he has to be home for it to matter . The family is preparing to go away on vacation , and Randy is given the task of putting little Joe into his car seat . Randy decides to let Joe ride around on his tricycle for a little bit before strapping him in , and this allows Randy some time to check his email . The next thing he knows , Joe is no longer on his tricycle . Joe is nowhere to be seen . The search is on , and the phone calls are made . People come from far and wide to help in the search for little Joe.I hate to say it , but this movie seemed a bit formulaic , even though the story is original . The acting was good , but not quite solid , despite the star power of Dean Cain -LRB- Lois and Clark
 A missing child is any parent 's worst nightmare . Work-obsessed Randy Simpkins -LRB- played by Dean Cain -RRB- was distracted for only a few minutes when his son Joe disappears . This momentary distraction leads to a family 's life-changing crisis.Taking place over the course of one day , viewers are invited into this family 's struggle to deal with the uncertainty of what happens to their son . I do n't want to spoil the plot , but the end of the movie details how this event leads to Simpkins changing his life.Fair warning
 The story id nice , the first half of the movie was kind of slow , then the second half was great.There are good lessons in the movies for all ages
 I reviewed the movie for Book Sneeze.My wife an I watched this movie . I had a great message and a good story . A boy is lost and found . It was very predictable and covered a short time span . Some of the `` extras '' actors seemed a bit ... `` new '' . Check it out for yourself . I think you will be pleased.Over all it was a good movie . I 'd recommend it to others.Disclosure of Material Connection
 This movie is awesome and a great family movie . I would tell everyone no matter the age to watch this . It has a story line that every family would find sadness too . A missing son is nothing that any family wants to go through . Go out and get this movie asap . you wont regret it .
 The Way Home is a true story . I met Randy Simkins , the father in movie , through work . He told me his story before the movie was released.The movie is very touching and great for the family .
 The Way Home is based on a true story . This family has young children and a father who works hard and is seemingly absent from the home . The Simpkins family got a wake up call that none of us ever wants . Their youngest son goes missing . The movie centers around the search for their child and is a great story of a community coming together . And a family finding the importance of faith in God and in one another . It is a very heartwarming story with a feel-good vibe.My family and I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and have watched it several times . The story is easy to follow and is played out well enough for my two children to follow easily . My only complaint about the movie is the camera work . Some of it is a bit shaky and unsteady in parts . It is something that is easily overlooked , however . I will recommend this movie to all my friends and family . I might even be purchasing a copy or two for Christmas gifts!A copy of this movie was provided by Booksneeze.com . I did not receive any compensation in exchange for this review . All opinions expressed here are my own .
 This weekend I watched The Way Home starring Dean Cain . It 's the true story of a family who is preparing to go on vacation when something awful happens . Dean stars as the dad , Randy Simpkins , who is too wrapped up in his work to take time with his family like he should . Randy was supposed to be watching their 2 year old , but when he comes back outside , little Joe is gone.This is a very emotional movie . As you watch everyone search for Joe , Randy does some soul-searching of his own . The family 's faith is tested with each hour that passes . Will they find Joe , will he be okay?The Way home is a Christian movie without being too preachy . Faith is shown more often than spoken . Best of all , it 's family friendly!I received The Way Home from Book Sneeze in exchange for a review .
 In The Way Home , Dean Cain -LRB- Lois & Clark
 This Dvd was pretty good and had a great meesage about paying attention to what matters most in our lives . The movie is based on a true story and stars Dean Cain -LRB- Adventures of Lois and Clark -RRB- . the movie does drag or slow down and moves at a great pace.Me being a father I could relate to some of the struggles that Randy -LRB- Cain -RRB- goes through to find his missing son . It kind of hits home and makes you think.Overall a good movie that I liked and I am glad that it wasnt cheesy as some low budget movies tend to get sometimes.I received a free copy of The Way Home from Booksneeze for review purposes . I was not required to write a positive review . All opinions expressed are my own
 I received this DVD from Thomas Nelson to review.Dean Cain stars in this Christian film about a family that loses their two year old son . It 's a very gripping story that is appropriate for all family members . It may be a little scary for sensitive little ones not old enough to understand the premise . There are lots of scenes of folks crying and one character in a flashback is killed , though nothing graphic is shown.I disliked the mother 's character . The family was supposed to be Christian , and yet she spoke rudely to her husband and had usurped his place as head of the household . She was critical , demeaning , bossy and overbearing . I used that as a teaching tool to explain to my daughters how ugly a selfish spirit is and warned my sons to watch out for a woman like that.I loved that it is a true story and they showed pictures of the real people during the credits and included interviews with them in the special features . I will be glad to recommend this film to others .
 The Way Home , starring Dean Cain , is a movie based on a true story . Randy Simpkins is a hard-working dad trying to provide a good life for his family . Randy 's wife , on the other hand , feels he spends too much time focused on work and is aggravated with him . Preparing for a much needed vacation , they are loading the last of their luggage and in the blink of an eye , their world is turned upside down . Their 2 year old boy , Joe , disappears . Adding to the tension is the fact that they live on a huge farm , with lots of ponds , wells , and places for Joe to get seriously hurt.I do n't want to say more and give away the movie , but it is a good movie . I have to be honest though and say that I thought the acting was a little off . If I had just lost my child on a huge farm , I would have been freaking out ! With that being said , I do feel the movie is a good one to watch for the entire family . It is a great reminder for us all to slow down , spend time with your family , and appreciate what we do have , especially the things we take for granted - because it could all change in a heartbeat!DISCLOSURE
 Looking for a good movie the whole family will enjoy ? We recently got to review The Way Home . We loved it ! My 10 year old son even commented on how much he liked it . This movie is about a family where the father is a workaholic . They are finally going to take a much needed vacation when their two year old son disappears . The parent 's faith is tested and they are shown God 's love as the entire town joins together to search for the missing boy.Definitely keep a box of Kleenex nearby because you will find yourself tearing up several times throughout the movie . There are lots of great lessons to be learned in this movie and it is definitely one we will watch again.This is labeled as a Christian movie ; however , it should be noted that the phrase `` dang it '' and the word `` H -- '' were each used once . One of the characters also smokes a cigar.I received this DVD free from Thomas Nelson Publishers as part of their BookSneeze.com book review bloggers program . I was not required to write a positive review . The opinions I have expressed are my own . I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission 's 16 CFR , Part 255 .
 Wow ! What a great Christian-based movie for couples to watch together ! I sat down on Sunday afternoon to enjoy this movie while my kids were taking a nap , and enjoyed every single minute of it ! What a joy to find a movie with Christian values , no bad language , no sexual untertones , and one that you can really enjoy watching!Dean Cain -LRB- from Lois and Clark / Superman -RRB- plays Randy Simpkins in this movie as a father and husband who battles between time spent with work and family . This movie is based on a true story , and it will truly grab at your heartstrings ! Have a box of kleenex handy as you will surely find yourself moved by this film . Christal , Randy 's wife , asks him to watch their two-year old son while she runs back in the house to do a couple of last-minute checks before they pull out for a vacation to the beach . Randy , who lets their son ride his tricycle in the driveway , goes back into the house to check his work email one last time . When he goes back outside , his son has vanished . The movie shows how the couple deals with thier son 's disappearance and how the whole community pulls together to help search for the lost little boy . This movie convicted me of how sometimes I put little things before my children when I should really be spending that precious time with them ! I hope that you , too , enjoy this movie ! I highly recommend it.I reviewed this DVD compliments of Thomas Nelson and BookSneeze . All opinions of the movie are my own .
 Based on a true story THE WAY HOME is the story of one family 's desperate search to find their missing two year old son.I was n't sure how a 90 minute movie could sustain a search for a little boy without feeling like it drug on . But I was pleasantly surprised that the film moved at a pace that kept me interested . Actor portrayals were well done , it did n't feel `` put on '' or `` tacked together '' . There was no language , which I appreciated and the faith message was n't overdone , but mixed into the story at a good setting.The camera for the first half of the movie jiggled some . If you are like me and tend to focus on little things like that , it can be bothersome , but once the movie hit the peak , I was n't noticing it anymore . There was one aspect of the story I found confusing . About one of the searcher 's younger brother , but the movie portrayed him like a son . This had me wondering what I missed , but I am sure with another viewing , the little confusing things will be cleared up.Over all I thought this was a good family movie with life lessons that will make a difference beyond the last scene.This is my honest opinion . Thanks to the publishers , Thomas Nelson through their Booksneeze program for my copy to review .
 Are you like me ? Do you find it hard to find just a regular , good , wholesome , family movie?I love watching movies with my family . It can be hard some times though to find a movie that not only will please everyone , but wo n't have you fast forwarding through some in appropriate scene or muting foul language.I recently got the chance to review The Way Home and was thrilled to see a well put together movie that our whole family could sit and watch.Although the storyline was quiet serious at times , the filmmakers did a wonderful job focusing on the hope and faith that this whole community had .
 Randy Simpkins is the man who has his priorities confused , work always ahead of family . This comes back to haunt him when he leaves his small son alone while he checks his email . His wife Christal , who I did not enjoy as a Christian wife and mother , is negative , and rude , always seeming very put upon . Once they realize that little Joe is missing , Randy panics , while Christal is annoyed . The whole town comes together in prayer and as if it was everyone 's little boy gone missing.Heartwrenching to watch as a parent . Good reminder to keep God 's gifts to us as a priority always .
 Based on a true story
 Pass the tissues please ! A very simple story . A child disappears and they deploy Search and Rescue . That is pretty much the whole movie , BUT it works ! It is so powerful , heartfelt , and full of emotion . Your heart just pours out for this family . This is based on a true story which breaks your heart even more . I was literally crying through 50 % of the movie . In the first 30 seconds of the movie the father pours his heart out to God , asking him for help , and the tears just keep pouring from there . I was so touched by the fact that the news spread so fast through the churches and so many people showed up to help . This is not just a movie about a lost boy , it is a movie about Faith . This is a wonderful family movie for any age or gender .
 The Way Home DVD is based on an inspirational true story . A two-year old boy goes missing while the family is preparing to go on vacation . The father Randy Simpkins -LRB- played by Dean Cain -RRB- has been absorbed in his work . He has been so busy that he has forgotten what really matters . Little Joe goes missing while his father is distracted by his work for just a few moments . The father comes to the realization that he has put his faith , wife and children last . He always assumed that he was doing what was best for his family by working hard and supplying for his family ` s physical needs.This is a good clean movie for everyone in the family to watch . It shows how a family can come back together with the help of God . It is touching watching a small rural community comes behind this distraught family during their darkest hour to pray and to help find the missing boy . I would recommend this wonderful movie . Grab the popcorn and get a tissue ready.Disclosure of Material Connection
 What is NOT to love about an adorable little brown eyed baby boy and a story of healing in the face of trial for his family ? Little Joe Simpkins goes missing while his Daddy was supposed to be watching ~ All the emotions imaginable crash down on this young couple as the community comes together to search ... and it does n't look good ... will he be found ? Search and rescue through community both public , private and religious come together to help ... but ONLY God can heal ... AND there is healing despite ... -LRB- I 'm not sharing ! Girls , you will want to see this film ; it 's definitely a chic flick ! I am not sure that some men will like it as it 's not fraught with loads of action , but it is very inspiring and aimed showing a man 's call to become a better husband and father , so wives will WANT our husbands to see it , for sure ! -RRB- There are some special characters in this story ~ I found the Deputy Bert to lend a slight chuckle ... I do n't want to spoil it for you !! ~ and Ed found a warm place in my heart ... I 'm a GA girl ~ so the sights and sounds are a WONDERFUL surprise to this homesick gal ~ I recognized the terrain and culture portrayed ... VERY believable story ~ excellent performances by all involved!Dean Cain and Lori Beth Edgemon bring the story to life!You wo n't be disappointed in The Way Home ~ it 's inspirational and will make everyone who sees it THINK about the IMPORTANT things in life ~
 My entire family enjoyed this movie . It is so encouraging to see an increasing number of family-friendly , faith-affirming movies that are becoming available . To be able to put a movie in and not worry that it is going to bring before my children any questionable behavior or images is such a blessing.Dean Cain 's character comes to grip with the fact that he has put his work before his wife and children , though the catalyst for this realization is not something any of us would feel was deserved . This movie addressed the conflict between the husband and wife but did so with sensitivity and none of the foul language or ugliness that one would see in most movies of this type that come out of the mainstream media.The community 's dependence on God and their unity as they support this distraught family is a wonderful picture of how the Body of Christ should function - bearing one another 's burdens . My children were especially impacted by this , and I appreciated the portrayal of the impression this `` one another-ness '' made on `` outsiders . `` I would recommend this movie to many families we know as a really good family movie night selection . -LRB- Thanks to Thomas Nelson Publishers for a copy of this movie to review . -RRB-
 Upon receiving this film , I instantly recognized Dean Cain from both his role as Clark on the t.v. show Louis and Clark and from the movie where he plays Scott Peterson . Our family does movie night once a week and we thought this family film would be a good one to view for that week.Immediately into the film , the viewers are taken into the lives of a family filled with problems . The husband -LRB- Dean Cain -RRB- overworks and has a hard time separating his work life from his home life . The wife is annoyed that she never has his full attention . They are packing to leave for a vacation and the husband , Dean Cain , is loading the car while watching their son . He steps in to check his work emails.Within minutes , his two year old son decides to wonder off and before the couple knows it , their son has gone missing . Panic sets in for audience members as they know this is one of the worst fears
 A missing child . A family in crisis . A faith tested . In their darkest hour , God gives hope.Dean Cain stars as Randy Simpkins , a husband and father torn between the demands of his job and family . Asked by his wife to watch their two-year-old son , Joe , for a few minutes , he becomes distracted by work . When he returns , Joe is gone . He and his wife search desperately for their missing son through the vast countryside . But as their fear grows , the community responds - hundreds of supporters uniting behind the family in a powerful spiritual journey that will test the couple 's love and faith , and forever change a community.This story really hits home for those of us that struggle with priorities . I was very convicted of how often I glance at the email on my iPhone when I should really be playing with my daughter . I was also reminded of the power of true Christian community . In this movie , the entire community showed up to be the body of Christ to this family in a crisis situation . I appreciated the fact that the Christian values came through strong without being overly cheesy .
 I absolutely love this movie . My girls watched it with me and enjoyed it just as much as I did . It has the Dove Family Approved seal . As a parent the story hits close to home and any person with a tender heart will with this family . I recommend having a box of kleenex on hand because you will cry . This movie gives you hope and shows you that their are people that care . That God is always there in everything we go through . If you get the opportunity to see this movie please do . It 's a story that should be remembered when life gets busy and the little things in life get in the way of what is most important to you . There are not enough good things that I can say about it.To find out how to purchase this DVD click on the image above . Thank you to Thomas Nelson for sending this to me in exchange for an honest review .
 I recently agreed to review `` The Way Home '' by Lionsgate productions here is the teaser : A missing child . A family in crisis . A faith tested . In their darkest hour , God gives hope.Dean Cain stars as Randy Simpkins , a husband and father torn between the demands of his job and family . Asked by his wife to watch their two-year-old son , Joe , for a few minutes , he becomes distracted by work . When he returns , Joe is gone . He and his wife search desperately for their missing son through the vast countryside . But as their fear grows , the community responds - hundreds of supporters uniting behind the family in a powerful spiritual journey that will test the couple 's love and faith , and forever change a community.My thoughts : This was a fabulous movie !! When it came in the mail I popped it into the DVD player and sat down with my teen daughter to watch it , by the time we were midway through the movie all four of my kids were in the living room with us . I admit there were a few cracks , for example we loudly wondered why Dean Cain -LRB- from Lois and Clark -RRB- did n't don his Superman Cape and locate little Joe ... but the laughter was simply to hide the emotions evoked by the film.One the movie was over my 10 year old son looked up and said `` Wow , I have never seen a movie that made me feel this way before . `` It gets a full five stars from everyone in our family . I highly recommend it . -LRB- Note I was provided this movie free of charge by BookSneeze in exchange for a full and honest review . -RRB-
 The Way Home , starring Dean Cain , is the true story of two-year old Joe Simpkins who wandered away from home while his parents were loading the van to go on vacation . Missing for six hours , Joe meandered over 32 acres of fields and woods , while a frantic search for him was mobilized and launched . Surprisingly , the movie is less about the little lost boy , and more about the interaction of husband and wife , whose marriage is already strained . Cain -LRB- Randy Simpkins -RRB- is forced to confront his life and priorities , while his faith is tested , and his marriage is pushed to the breaking point . If you want to find out how he deals with the pressure , and his journey back to faith , you 'll have to see the movie for yourself.The entire movie is extremely realistic and the characters believable . If you 're a classic car buff , you may be interested to know that the movie includes classic cars from the 60s and 70s , provided by various members of the Golden City Cruisers classic car club of Carrollton , Georgia . There is no nudity , gratuitous sex , or profanity , but it is rated PG for some thematic elements and tobacco use . This is a fantastic family movie that will hold everyone 's interest.Disclosure of Material Connection
 The Way Home , starring Dean Cain , is a movie based on a true story . Randy Simpkins is a hard working dad trying to provide for his family , though his wife , Christal , feels he is too focused with his work and does n't spend enough quality time with his family . While preparing for a family vacation , their two-year-old son , Joe , goes missing . The movie is about the whole community coming together to help find Joe.I thought this was an excellent movie . It is definitely a tear jerker for the women , but it is still an excellent movie for men as well . I love how the community almost forms one family when they 're searching for Joe and the love within the Christian community is clearly shown as they pray for the Simpkins family and trust God while the search is going on.If you get this DVD , I also recommend watching the extras where the cast interacts with the real Simpkins family and they talk about the actual event that happened 7-9 years ago . If you 're looking for a good , Christian movie to watch , I recommend this movie .
 This movie starring Dean Cain is based on a true story . Its about a little boy who disappears near his families secluded home surrounded by forest . Randy , played by Dean Cain , is a father obsessed with work . His wife asks him to keep an eye on two year old Joe so she can get the bags for a much needed family vacation . When she comes out again Joe is missing . The community and surrounding counties come to search for the child.This movie touched me in so many ways . I laughed , I cried . I would recommend this movie to anyone but be warned dont watch this with out kleenex handy . It truly is an inspirational movie . This was well written and well filmed . And be sure to watch the epilogue while the credits are playing .
 The Way Home is a touching movie about a little boy named Joe Simkins who goes missing . His distraught family , along with authorities and numerous friends and family members search for Joe . Joe is put on numerous prayer chains and people all over the small town pray for him to be found unharmed . People in droves turn up at the parents ' home to help search for the boy and provide the family with prayer , comfort , and support . A man , who lost his own brother -LRB- also named Joe -RRB- years ago to a car accident shows up with his son to join in the search and we discover the pain in his heart at losing someone he loves . He does n't want the Simkins family to know that same pain . Although he is recovering from a serious illness , this man sacrifices his time and energy to join in the search.This movie is based on a true story and what I liked most was the interviews with the real Simkins family at the end of the movie . It was well done , a touching tearjerker , and a testimony for the power of prayer and what can happen when we lift each other 's needs up to the Lord . The only downfall was a few instances of using the Lord 's name in vain , which , in my opinion , never adds to a story . Other than that , I would recommend this film to families -LRB- older tweens and up because of the subject matter -RRB- and have added it to my Mom-Approved movies list on my blog .
 When I received the opportunity to preview The Way Home I was absolutely thrilled . This is my kind of movie , not just based on actual facts but a compelling true story!There is a fine line between providing for and finding time to commit to your family.Randy Simpkins is such a father and preoccupied by work demands , he fails to notice 2 year old Joe is no longer playing in the driveway whilst the car is being loaded for holiday . As the movie unfold , Randy and his wife Christal search for their missing son alongside their family , members of their community and their church.This is a wonderful story of of a spiritual journey back to God 's love , faith and understanding of the priorities in a father 's life.This movie was produced with the cooperation of the whole Simpkins ' family and actually filmed at their home . The actors were carefully chosen for their beliefs as well as their acting . Dean Cain 's performance was at its best!This is a powerful movie all parents should see and I will gladly recommend it to anyone ! I gave it a 5 stars!Disclosure of Material Connection
 Dean Cain was excellent in the movie and I really liked seeing some old stars like Sonny Schroyer from Dukes of Hazzards . This is a great movie for the family and Cain shows in this movie how tribulations bring us closer to God ! Who am I to recommend a movie ? But in my humble opinion this is a movie to watch and own ! God Bless !
 this is a great christian movie , good for all ages , will touch your heart and draw you close to the Lord .
 This video is a reminder of when my own daughter was missing . Very heart-wrenching moment , to say the least . Reminded me of that time . I was very moved by it . If you 've ever had children and you thought you lost them at some point , this movie will hit home .
 First time seeing this movie and I was never sure how it would end until the very end . I can only imagine how parents would feel while missing a small child in such a lowly populated , forested area as was portrayed in the film . I was in tears over much of it and would highly recommend some tissues nearby . The movie entirely engrossed my emotions and hope ... The actors did a good job , simply because they seemed like real people and not `` actors '' . This one really touched my heart and I 'm glad that family films like this can still inspire feelings of suspense , mystery and deep emotion , without being dark and ugly . I thank God that there are still some good films made that honor Him and do n't resort to foul language , violence or gross sexual innuendo in order to make their plots compelling and draw the viewer into the story . This is a worthy family film .
 Very touching movie , we loved siting as a family watching this movie it is a must see movie ! Thanks it was great !
 this movie is awesomeee ! It shows the power of prayers , love and faith.in summary.its a beatful movie and a must watch !!!
 There is nothing extraordinary about this movie , yet , it 's a powerful and wonderful movie to watch as a family . It 's a movie about priorities , forgiveness , family , and more . Dean Cain stars in this movie , you may remember him from his role on television in the program Louis and Clark.As you watch the movie it becomes pretty clear we are dealing with a family who has a multitude of problems . There is tension between the husband and wife , there is blaming , guilt , bitterness . As the family gets ready to leave on a vacation , the husband , Dean Cain , becomes distracted and their young son runs off into the woods and disappears.They become panic stricken as they wonder if someone took their son , did he drown in a nearby pond , will he be found . Many questions surround this couple , but the local small town starts moving which is a great representation of how the local church should act.While the focus is on this family , we see how the lives of others are also greatly impacted and lives become changed , transformed because they were willing to step into the messiness of life.We watched this movie as a family and found it was not cheesy , but portrayed Christianity in a very healthy and positive manner . I would recommend this movie for a family who wants to watch a good movie with a message . This would also be good for a family for Christmas -LRB- even though it is still months away -RRB- . This book was given to me for review by Book Sneeze , but the review and opinions are my own.I review for BookSneeze
 ` The Way Home ' -LRB- DVD -RRB- is a great family movie . It is the story of a little boy that goes missing . It is in the search for him that it changes those involved . It is a heartfelt , up lifting story . I highly recommend this to everyone . My 5 year old girls loved this movie . So , it is a good watch for the whole family.Disclosure of Material Connection
 I sat down with my family to watch this touching movie about a family who goes through a sudden crisis after the abrupt disappearance of their 2 year-old-son , Joe . Filled with many tense , emotional scenes , this movie told a story unlike any I 've ever heard.Staring in this new movie is Dean Cain as Randy Simpkins - a hardworking husband and father who spends a little too much time at the office instead of with his family . Marriage with his wife Cristal , is strained at the opening of the movie , when the family is preparing to go on what Cristal considers a `` much needed vacation '' . Stressed after a brief argument with his wife , Randy watches his son at his wife 's request as he finishes loading the car . Determined to check his email `` just one more time '' , he sneaks inside . When he returns - Joe has disappeared.The movie continued along at a good pace , and never lagged - which surprised me , as thought a 90 minute movie about a lost son would be dragged out . It was n't , and I really enjoyed the ` ripple ' effect that the son 's disappearance had
 In `` The Way Home , '' a DVD published by Lionsgate , a father is tasked to watch his two-year-old son while packing the van for family vacation . He becomes distracted and returns to find his son missing . He and his wife frantically search the area for sign of their son . As they are tested by this difficult circumstance an outstanding amount of support is shown by their community.This is definitely an acceptable movie for family night . However , the plot seems more promising of a good story than it is . I watched it with my sister and we both felt the same way ; the movie was good but it was n't great . I was actually shocked to find out that the movie was a true story , simply because the writing did n't seem very realistic . Some of the characters reactions and verbal responses seemed like they were just `` the right things '' to say if you 're a Christian in this circumstance rather than `` the real things '' you do and say as a Christian who is walking with God through a difficult situation . I really wish I could say this movie was better ; I was looking so forward to watching it . While it would not be a waste of your time to watch it , I would n't put it at the top of your list .
 This was a heartwarming , gut-wrenching movie that will make you consider what your priorities are over and over as you watch through it . Based on the true-to-life experience of the Simpkin Family , I was very impressed with the flow of the film , the acting was wonderful and the writing team did a fantastic job . I also love the fact that the Simpkin family was directly involved with the filming process . All emotions will be felt as you watch this movie , so prepare yourself and have tissues near by . What really resonated with me is that even though Randy and Christal marriage struggles through the movie , and Randy 's family is not priority , you see the hand of God throughout all the circumstances . I was truly impacted by the faith journey Randy took in The Way Home.A great movie that I highly recommend ! Great for the movie buff on your Christmas list this year ! Received as part of my participation with Book Sneeze .
 The Way Home , a family movie starring Dean Cain -LRB- `` Lois & Clark
 A good movie to sit and watch with the kids for sure . Keeping an open heart is always a good reminder
 The Way Home is based on a true story , this moving tale follows an entire community coming together to help bring the little boy home safely . Randy Simpkins -LRB- played by Dean Cain , `` Lois & Clark
 This movie was somewhat slow in areas , but overall it has a wonderful message of hope , love and grace . This movie will disappoint if you are looking for wonderful acting and great video work . If you are looking to watch a movie that is suspenseful , dramatic and inspirational you will come away very pleased with this story . I was amazed that they were able to capture the real essence of what it might have been like to have a child lost in the wilderness . This story will make you want to grab a hold of your children and let them know how much you love them.The Way Home would make a great movie to be shown in a church setting , and I would suggest that those in leadership consider using it as a tool to bring men and women into a greater relationship with the Lord . -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Disclosure of Material Connection
 This movie was well done with great sensitivity . It was based on a true story which I always appreciate . It really touched my heart .
 Very good story line and good ending and one of the good ones to lift your spirits amid the junk there is out there .
 I watched this movie over a year ago by myself and finally found a DVD to buy . Watched it with my 8 , 7 and 5 year old and they were so focused on it . Absolutely loved it and still asking questions about the power of prayer . Such a good family movie !
 The Simpkins family is ready to go on a much needed vacation , when their son Joe goes missing . The whole community , whether they knew them or not , set out to look for little Joe . With so many lakes and holes , they do n't think Joe has much of a chance . In this true story , God has to shake Randy -LRB- the father -RRB- up to get his priorities between work and family straight . He finally breaks down , and realizes what he needs to fix . A family in crisis . A faith tested . A community unites . In their darkest hour ... God gave them hope.I 'm 13 years old and LOVE the movie !!! definitely recommend it !
 Another movie that families with high moral values will want to include in their movie library . I highly recommend this movie .
 Awesome movie ! Knowing it is based on a true story makes it even better ! Great for the family and very little or no bad language !
 I give this movie 41/2 stars.The acting was very good.The story was deep and emotional.The ending was even better.This movie is very uplifting .
 I liked this movie because the whole family could watch it . It was God based . I could watch it without the fear of hearing foul language or seeing nudity or sex scenes . It was just a wonderful family film . More films need to be made like this one . Too bad that prime members still had to pay for it but it was worth it .
 This movie is great for family viewing . There is so swearing , no violence and no immorality . I would definitely recommend watching this movie with your whole family .
 Based on the true story of Randy and Christal Simpkins losing their 2 year old son Joe . It 's such a tear jerker ! The faith and testimonies the couple shared with their whole community as they all came together to look for little Joe , is very heart warming.I wo n't tell you how it ends , but I was so touched by the way the family and friends and even complete strangers came together.The movie was filmed in the actual location of little Joe 's disappearance , Carroll County Georgia . The places where the searchers look are the places the really checked . It makes the movie that much better , knowing it 's the actual location.This movie is a good , clean movie the whole family can enjoy . With such a great , true message I recommend it to everyone I know.For more information on this film visit -LSB- ... -RSB- . This movie comes out on DVD October 26 , 2010 . This movie won the Pearl Award at this years International Family Film Festival , and because it 's such a great family movie it even earned the Dove `` Family Approved '' seal .
 The Way Home starring Dean Cain , is a Christian movie by Lionsgate Productions and is the best movie I 've seen this year . One reason I love it so much is it is a true story . Randy , Christal and family were just about ready to go on vacation . While getting things into the van , their 2 year old son Joe disappeared.The 91 minute movie tells of the search and how everyone came together to help . Many churches formed prayer chains and came out to search . Randy is forced to deal with his life and priorities , while his faith is tested , and his marriage is close to falling apart . It shows how the searchers -LRB- police , fire etc. . -RRB- work together and have a big job.The actors/actresses in this movie are fantastic . A lot of Christian movies ca n't say this . Only because they ca n't afford more well known actors . It held my three youngest children 's and my attention and no one wanted to miss a single minute . Many times during the movie I was moved to tears . The emotions run high in this movie . The Way Home has the Dove Family Approved seal.The part of Ed searching for Joe , was really special . Many years ago Ed lost his brother in a car accident and his name was Joe . So even through Ed had heart surgery just a few months ago he still felt he needed to search . He just had to help so someone else did n't lose someone they loved . It was such a very , very touching part when Ed found Joe.If you have or did have younger children it will give you an appreciation for their safety . At the end of the movie during the credits it shows the real Joe as he has looked over the years and has grown.In special features the real Randy and Christal tell the story in their own words . It 's just amazing to hear their story and see how close it is to the movie . It is touching at how much this has changed Randy . His heart is tender and full of love for the Lord.I know I 've told you a lot about the movie , but it is so good it just needed to be told . If you do n't buy any other DVD this year buy The Way Home . I love , love , love this movie . I highly recommend this movie . `` Disclosure of Material Connection
 `` The Way Home '' is a Christian film by Lionsgate Productions . This heartwarming tale is based on the true story of Randy Simpkins , a father and husband who is torn between the demands of his job and the commitment to his family . While preparing to leave for vacation , Randy is once again sidetracked by work . His last minute e-mail check causes him to leave his two-year-old son , Joe , alone in the yard . After packing up the last of the luggage , Randy calls for Joe only to discover that he 's missing . Upon hearing of the family 's tragedy , the community gathers together in search of the boy . Tears flow . Prayers are uttered . Friends and family unite . But above all , Randy finally discovers the importance of keeping his priorities straight . He only hopes his discovery has n't come too late.Wow ! What a great movie ! I laughed and cried at the same time . The powerful message behind the story is so compelling and convicting . It 's so easy in this busy world to lose track of what 's really important . `` The Way Home '' reminds us to not take those things for granted because we do n't know how long they will last.I am thrilled to have a good , wholesome movie that I can recommend to my friends and family . The story was clean and free of profanity . It just goes to show you that good media does n't have to be filled with violence , cursing , and all the other garbage out there . No , this is a great film that the entire family can enjoy . Well done , Lionsgate!Disclosure of Material Connection
 The Way HomeA movie reviewRandy Simpkins -LRB- Dean Cain `` Lois & Clark
 In reviewing THE WAY HOME , an inspirational DVD by Lionsgate , I wanted to watch this film because of the subject matter . This movie is based on a true story about a little two year old boy that disappears in Georgia , and I remember hearing about this on the news a few years ago . It stars Dean Cain -LRB- superman -RRB- from Lois & Clark
 In this inspiring true story The Way Home . Dean Cain also known for playing Super Man on television , played a wonderful role as Randy Simpkins , a husband and father torn between his demanding job and committing to his family in crisis . He depicts a distracted man by his work about to head out on vacation with his family , leaving work behind him . His wife asks if he would keep an eye on their two year old Joe for a few minutes while she goes through the house to turn everything off . Next thing she finds is Randy on the computer looking through his work e-mails . Disturbed at his actions she also realizes that Joe is not there . they search everywhere frantically for their little boy no where to be found . As a parent myself this movie was heart wrenching from beginning to end for this is surely any parents worse nightmare and fear to have their child go missing without a trace . Grab your tissue box as you watch this family , their loving Church and community unite together out of pure love for this family , they search for their son.This journey will surely tug at your heart strings as you sit at the edge of your seat hoping for a happy outcome . It will also leave you to think and ponder what is truly important . This movie also has a great message of love , friendships , family and ultimately faith in God . By the end of the story this father changes ~ through his search for his son his faith is tested . The way home is Randy 's powerful spiritual journey back to love , faith and a Godly understanding of what must take first priority in a man 's life ~ His family . I would surely recommend this movie to families of all ages .
 Liongate 's The Way Home starring Dean Cain is a true story and one that will touch your heart ! Even though it 's Family Approved , I think that the story may be a bit much emotionally for a child . The Way Home is a gut wrenching drama , and a perfect example of how God often uses situations in our lives to show us changes that need to be made within ourselves . The fact that this is a true story makes it all the more thought provoking . As a mom of a two year old son , I cried a lot while watching this film . I kept thinking that this could easily be me and my son . At the same time that I was crying , I was feeling a wealth of gratitude for my family and my children . This is a life changing film that will make you reassess your own set of priorities , and look to God for help making changes that need to be made . Do n't worry , it has a happy ending . : -RRB- I received a copy to review .
 I received the movie `` The Way Home '' from the Booksneeze book review program as a complimentary copy to review . The opinions listed below are honest and are mine . This movie is based on a true story which I personally love movies like that . It really makes the characters seem more real to me knowing someone really experienced the story . In `` The Way Home , '' Dean Cain plays the role of Randy Simpkins who is always busy with his work . He struggles , like many parents do today , between juggling work and family . His wife , Christal , asks Randy to watch their son , Joe , for a few short minutes and in those minutes Joe disappears . Randy was distracted by work when Joe disappears ; therefore , Randy feels very responsible and the rest of the story and movie is him in a desperate search for his son . On the way , he finds himself on a journey back to God and he realizes that nothing is more important than family . This is a wonderful Christian based film that I will share with my family for years to come .
 I 'm always hesitant to watch movies where children are in peril . Emotions get stirred , mascara gets smudged , and there 's a haunting feeling of being violated , yet in the end I hold my own kids tighter , relieved by the reality that in my home , all is well.In spite of my apprehension , I enjoyed The Way Home . Towards the beginning of the film , the two year old son of Randy and Christal Simpkins disappeared from the driveway in front of their rural home . Initially , the parents assumed he wandered off or was hiding . They casually looked for him in the immediate area , but soon began looking farther from the house . As the search began to spread through word of mouth and church prayer chains , the emotions of the mom in particular never seemed to grow . Instead , the character of Christal simply got more angry than she was in the beginning of the film -LRB- she was angry from the start -RRB- . I could understand her anger if it had been accompanied by panic , fear , or anxiety , but that did n't seem to be the case . Unless the real person of Christal Simpkins is a selfish and uncaring woman , I think she was inaccurately portrayed . I found myself getting annoyed with her as much as I was being drawn into the hunt for little Joey . At what point was this woman going to be afraid for her child , rather than worry that she looked like a bad mother ? In my opinion , it took her way too long to show any fear for the well-being of her two year old son.As the movie progresses , the search party grows quite large , including law enforcement , a large community of volunteers -LRB- friends and strangers -RRB- , and a local news channel . Knowing that this was based on a true story , it was quite touching to see the community gather around this family in their time of need.The Way Home has the Dove Seal -LRB- Family Friendly -RRB- on it , and it truly is family friendly . So often we choose a `` family '' movie , only to be shocked by the inappropriate content . You will not get any of that with this movie . It is rated PG for thematic elements -LRB- missing child -RRB- and brief tobacco images.If you 're looking for an academy award worthy film , you may want to pass on this one , but if you want a heartwarming movie for a family movie night , The Way Home is for you!I received this book free from the publisher through the BookSneeze.com book review bloggers program . I was not required to write a positive review . The opinions I have expressed are my own . I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission 's 16 CFR , Part 255
 I watched this with a small bias . I have a young son so the story of a family who loses their two year old strikes a little close to home and kept me from being too objective with the film.Dean Cain stars in the true story , The Way Home . Cain plays Randy Simpkins ; a hard working father of three boys.While preparing to pack the van for a family vacation , the youngest Simpkins boy , Joe , disappears.Randy and his wife go door to door looking for little Joe . Randy eventually calls 911 and the entire community turns out to look for this boy . The search takes as along as six hours.This is a family-friendly movie that is entirely true . The special features of the DVD contain behind-the-scenes and a conversation between the actors and their real-life counterparts.In the end , Randy learns what needs to matter most to a father and husband.The acting is well done and the storyline is compelling . The subject matter may give you pause ; I do n't know how comfortable you would be with a two year old wandering off.This DVD was provided for review by Thomas Nelson Publishing .
 This one is also very good . The acting is again superb and the feeling it gives you about life in Scandinavia makes it worth watching independently of the story . The trajectory of the storyline appears predictable but there is a satisfying twist at the end .
 A legal thriller that handles a politically divisive subject well . Better-funded than most `` independent '' `` Christian '' films , this is a must-see for all thinking Americans . If by end of the first act you are n't sure where you stand on partial-birth abortion , check yourself again during the end credits . You may be surprised to find you see the issue more clearly than before , and without the spin of politics . Where you find `` right and left '' , there is also and always `` right or wrong '' . Right or Wrong should be what inspires you in life .
 My sister-in-law recommended this film to me . It 's laced with brilliant subtle dialogue and sci-fi effects , while building to a very thought-provoking climax . It 's one of those films I had to watch again to get the clue-filled conversations . I have fun convincing my friends to watch it without revealing the underlying message . I recommend with whole heart .
 This is one of the most moving -LRB- and frightening -RRB- films you may ever see . In a mere 35 minutes it cuts through the political rhetoric , shows you what the Planned Parenthood crowd keeps so secret , and goes to the heart of the matter - morality in our country , our courts , and in our own lives.Jonathan Flora -LRB- writer , director , and cameo performer -RRB- and wife , Deborah Flora -LRB- Ann Brown -RRB- , two of the finest Chriatians I have ever met , bypassed the leftist Hollywood establishment to produce this film on their own . Not only does this speak for their courage , but it gives reason for hope that once again we can become a nation that respects not just the lives of some , but of all.You will love the surprise ending !
 This is a short but powerful film about a legal case involving partial-birth abortion . Very well made and suberbly acted , this movie easily stands up to anything produced by mainstream Hollywood . Though genuinely apolitical , the film forces the viewer to consider their own views about the horror of partial-birth abortion in a very meaningful way . It may be helpful to view it more than once or to see it in a group and discuss it afterwards , as subtleties may be missed the first time around . It 's no surprise that many people have never even heard , let alone seen this film . But I would bet that anyone who does , can not help but be moved.I would not recommend to most children under the age of 15 , as some scenes are intense and may be frightening , however , I would not hesitate to encourage any high school or college-age student to watch , especially as it is likely to spur discussion .
 I rated this 5-Stars on the issue the film was intended to depict , however I do n't think it went far enough . The `` whatever '' is was that was `` getting closer '' and causing the visions experienced by and tormenting the prosecuting lawyer was never identified -- and these took a large part of this all too short film . Then , the relationship of the prosecuting lawyer to her obviously mentally disturbed and largely unresponsive mother -- who in the film was also experiencing horrific visions -- could have been resolved in a way that would have further covered the subject of partial birth abortion , but this was apparently not the director 's purpose . We 're given the detailed gross aspects of the procedure which I found disgusting -LRB- the director 's goal ? -RRB- and at the very close of the film , another vision -LRB- ? -RRB- assaults the daughter when her mother is called to the stand as a witness for the defense and after that 's over , the daughter walks off hand in hand with the senior principal of her firm and the film fades to black . The film -- for me -- was too disjointed , and leaves too much up in the air with no meaningful resolution for the characters portrayed or the issue it documents . I feel that the subject of partial birth abortion deserves better treatment than this film provided .
 This movie really shocked me ... it 's in a strange type of genre of `` psycho-thrillers '' -LRB- though `` thriller '' is hardly suitable -RRB- The overall plot is quick -LRB- 35 minutes -RRB- but every moment is important , and the ending has a very jolting surprise.The content is too heavy for anyone under 13 . There are no scenes of abortion itself , but instead frightening flashes of people in the dark , blood , mummies , and other things that evoke the idea of homicide.But there is a filtered version also on this DVD for broader audiences.It is worth buying - I 've heard of testimonies of changed hearts after seeing this movie.Best line in the movie - `` The difference between -LSB- partial birth abortion -RSB- and homicide is just 3 inches '' -LRB- Deborah Flora -RRB-
 Partial birth abortion , also known by the nicer-sounding `` Dilation and Extraction '' is one of the most disgusting , nauseating so-called medical procedures in the world . While it may sound innocuous , the details of the procedure are enough to turn the stomach . It is the closest thing to legalized murder I could imagine . A Distant Thunder , a half-hour long supernatural thriller , is an attempt to draw attention to this procedure , which is generating increasing controversy as more states and nations consider legalizing it.The short but intense movie goes something like this
 it was a great movie . I enjoyed it very much and am glad that my curosity made me get it ...
 If any person is pro choice , they need to watch this film . Pay attention to the details of how the abortionist performs a partial birth abortion . I pray to God this movie will change your mind and you will realize that those infant children are indeed human beings .
 I found this a highly unusual and visually fascinating documentary about primary food production , both animal and vegetable . The lack of any sort of commentary initially annoyed me because so much of what is shown raises the question
 Just like the previous review , I am shocked to find that there is only one review for this incredible film . The fact that there is no voice over makes this film that much more powerful . One of the most significant films I watched this year . Watch this film - it will be 1.5 hrs you spent meaningfully . It opened my eyes . I am deeply grateful to the filmmakers .
 I was shocked when I looked up this movie and did n't see any reviews . I saw this last year and was just mesmerized as I watched it . In many places , it is silent and yet the images it creates are powerful and perplexing . I would highly recommend this movie to anyone , it makes a great companion to Schlosser 's Fast Food Nation or SuperSize Me .
 This is a beautiful and profoundly disturbing documentary . That it manages to be both at the same time is a paradox . I 'll explain a bit more how.Like the movie Manufactured Landscapes by Edward Burtynsky , `` Our Daily Bread '' takes a look at aspects of our world that are not always readily accessible or known to most citizens of western countries . With a steady decline of agricultural and industrial workers over the years , most of us have little idea of what it takes to produce what we consume . This is certainly true for our food , the topic of this movie . Again , like Manufactured Landscapes , this documentary is `` only '' a sequence of very well composed and lit shots , without interviews or voice over . This may disturb or annoy some . I find this to be an extremely effective approach , as it makes one confront more directly ones own feelings and in the end gives more impact to the images.While the author certainly has an agenda , I do n't think it 's an extremist one . He does not try to denounce the difficulty of working in the meatpacking industry or attempt to portray what is happening to the animals that will be processed as particularly horrible . His aesthetics are cold and distant , even maybe `` scientist '' . Everyone will need to make up one 's mind . But the way he frames most of his shots using highly symmetrical or geometrical compositions certainly contributes to the creation of a eery feeling of `` elsewhere '' . That 's the artistic and thematic bias of the movie
 I immediately thought of the documentary BARAKA after seeing the visual style of this film . BARAKA is also a montage of scenes -LRB- Set to appropriate music though -RRB- without commentary / voiceovers . It addresses some of the same themes as in this film , but from a wider angle.While I 've seen other documentaries such as - EARTHLINGS - about the way we process our FOOD -LRB- DRUGs -RRB- none have been as complete as this one . Some of the scenes were a bit shocking - in the sheer scale of the systems we have created and `` awesome mechanization '' even to just pick lettuce . Although granted - mechanization may be higher in overly logical Germany . Although , I know the scenes shown apply to many many countries . I say this after having visited a fair number of places related to the curtain behind the consumer facade -- such as STOCKYARD CITY in Oklahama City , USA - # 1 auction site for cattle in the world and huge copper mines and strip coal mines.I will remember the salt mine underground , and the assembly lines of pigs , chickens , cows , the suiting up scenes to apply pesticides / herbicides , and well ... the whole thing!In the talk of JOBs , economy , efficiency , productivity , we have lost sight of ourselves.I 'm ready to just drink water . Did you know - when we are born we are 80 % + water . The average adult is 60-70 % . We are ALL living in a state of dehydration ! The whole process sickens me to the core . The devil is us . The `` matrix '' we have created with our own bare hands . The system we have created with our own IGNORANCE . PLEASANTVILLE is a movie I recommend too . Most wo n't watch this documentary - for they fear the truth - the truth about the monsters we have become .
 Have you ever wondered how chickens are `` being produced '' , as if they were `` animal machines '' ? Or how cows are being milked today ? Or what kind of outfit people have to wear when they spray our tomatoes with those `` harmless '' - if we may believe the FDA - pesticides ? Nikolaus Geyrhalter comments on his film
 I still eat all the same food . But now , I know . I ca n't stop knowing . There is n't anything I do n't know . Thanks to this film , I can not be ignorant of what I am putting into my mouth . The magical mystery that makes my food a nice little geometric shape for me to enjoy is gone . I know . And this film is responsible for that . Be warned . You do n't want to know .
 There are no human characters with names.All the humans are like the meat they butcher mindlessly in the factories and the plants they spray pesticides on
 Our Daily Bread , directed by Nikolaus Geyrhalter , is a highly informational and unique documentary about food production in Europe . The hour and 32 minutes of the film showed European laborers slaughtering and dis-assembling cows and pigs , feeding chickens , collecting chicken carcasses , herding pigs , sorting chicks , cutting and bagging lettuce , using planes to water fields of flowers , feeding and catching fish in fish farms , working in salt mines , and picking tomatoes . Occassionally , there was a short scene of a worker eating a sandwhich or smoking a cigarette while on break . Although there is no narrator describing the events of the movie , musing upon the happiness of the animals , analyzing the sanitation of the factory , or discussing the background of the workers , there is still much to learn based on observations alone . I was struck by the singular portrayal of events that are fairly early in the process of industrial food production . I thought it odd that this film did not show any processes between the first steps of production and eating , such as packaging products , grinding meat , cleaning produce before wrapping , etc. . Perhaps Geyrhalter skipped such events so as to inspire viewers to consider , while grocery shopping and eating , that their food was once alive , and that gruesome death had to occur for their food to reach the table . I think he wished viewers to consider , before indulging in a meal , fatigued laborers sawing through countless pig carcasses , the trembling of cows as they shied away from their approaching murder , and the splatter of blood on the white floors of slaughtering factories . Perhaps this consideration would not cause viewers to change their eating habits , but simply to exercise awareness.I think a very essential idea in this film was treatment of animals and plants as commodities . This treatment is evidenced in the efficient and methodical movements of the workers . Nearly every worker shown on screen was alert , and completed one simple task , such as cutting a pig carcass in half , picking tomatoes , feeding chickens , checking for dead chickens , and birthing calves , to name a few . Industrial food production is clearly a form of business , because training workers to do the same task over and over makes the cost of production lower , thereby enabling the most profit possible . I also thought that industrial food production in Europe is primarily a business , and food a commodity , after seeing workers casually tossing chicks and killing cows as if they were simply knitting a stitch in a scarf . I did n't expect the workers to coddle the animals or carefully plant each seed by hand , but I was challenged by the fact that the animals were not entitled to something as small as pain-relieving drugs before slaughter , or even a flinch on the slaughterer 's face in the midst of painful squeals . I 'm not sure what the figurative scarf of Europe 's foodways advocates , but it seems not to advocate respect , equality , happiness , or rights.An aspect of Our Daily Bread that I found particularly challenging was the need for distasteful jobs to be done in order to feed a country . Working in facilities portrayed in Our Daily Bread appears to be an extremely thankless and joyless job . It requires very little intellect , a constant state of alertness , and a degree of numbness to the importance of life or the pain of others . If someone enjoys mental challenges , gets tired of concentrating after long periods of time , dislikes seeing blood and death , and can not help but have empathy toward others , then working for industrial food production corporations is not for them . The laborers in the film were probably not there because they wanted to be ... will they be thanked ? Probably not . It bothers me that the duty of a laborer in food production -LRB- which is necessary without drastically changing the economy or population -RRB- can not be more dynamic , humane , respectful to the feelings and intelligence of all organisms , and joyful .
 I did not expect to be transfixed by a documentary on food , but I was . The film provides a horrifying indictment of an industry that we all participate in . How few generations it has taken to transform our world in monstrous ways .
 Out of what any one can imagine , after this film you will see many things in different way , even words cant describe it , you just have to see it your self .
 I had seen this documentary in our International Film Festival a couple of years ago and had found it a point for discussion and much thinking . In this day and age I think it important to consider where our food comes from . NZ is not quite so ` industrialised ' in the food area -LRB- yet ?! -RRB- but it reminded me to consider our local food and vegie market and growing our own vegies etc. . I consider it important for anyone who cares about food and recommend it highly . Almost a totally visual message ... no dialogue to direct you-you make up your own mind .
 A magnificent documentary with spectacular imagery . Each image is more beautiful than the other , and they are composed so carefully , so artistically , that one thinks of Antonioni.The documentary is done in the Fred Wiseman style , no narrator , just the images.True , the slaughtering of the pigs and cows -LRB- a machine cuts the pigs open , a machine turns the cows over after the technician kills them with an electric rod -RRB- are disgusting . But this is not a fault , this is the filmmaker 's dedication to reality.The role of the human beings , situated among the machinery , is ambiguous . He makes sure we see the employees on their break , eating , smoking a cigarette , having a picnic . The only thing I can think of to compare this to is Van Gogh.There is a scene in a stone quarry with a fork truck lit by a torch that is pure Ansel Adams . The sculptured quality of all the images reaches its peak here.Not to be missed , even for the faint of heart . A work of genius .
 Well worth watching.The absence of narrative is quite useful , although the images are enough to form an opinion about what is seen . In any case , this approach was quite interesting and useful.Overall a worthy documentary !
 No dialog necessary . In fact I think it 's better that there is n't any . It leaves the viewer/consumer to come to their own conclusions without the political weight that dialog can sometimes bring . These are scenes that most of us , especially in the U.S. , do n't usually have access to , behind the scenes of the food industry . Now , granted , these are scenes from European farms and factories -LRB- which are apparently similar but more regulated than those in the U.S. -RRB- but you get the idea . Where our food comes from is not something that most of us are very informed on ... and there is a reason . If you have any interest at all in understanding your own role in the big picture , think about what you eat , and watch this documentary .
 I noticed that some of the reviewers of this documentary film lauded the humane and mercifully quick way the cows , pigs , and chickens were killed . Nonetheless the image of the shudder of the cows after the lethal stun gun is pressed to their foreheads lingers horrifically.Some reviewers thought film was funny . And there is a thread at IMDb that asks which part of the film did you find the most disgusting.I also note that the accolades handed out for what might be called German efficiency in the way agribusiness is able to streamline the production process from conception to the trucks headed for the autobahn . Yet I found it rather disgusting to see a long , bloody slit on the side of a cow , a man 's bloody hands reaching in and pulling out a new born calf in a kind of Caesarian section for the hoofed set . I presume the cow was anesthetized but somehow remained standing.And I realize that without these amazing innovations in animal husbandry and slaughtering techniques most people even in Europe and America would find the price of meat a bit of a strain on their budgets.I think what is bothering me is what Sir Martin Rees in another context referred to as `` the yuck factor . '' I think it was in reference to human cloning . At any rate all the chickens , pigs and cows seen being nicely euthanized , bled , skinned , butchered and sent to market , are increasingly cookie-cuttered so that they are not far from being clones themselves . -LRB- Maybe some of them are . -RRB- At any rate being clones would make it all the easier for the carcasses to fit conveniently into the apparatuses designed for what might be called an efficient disassembly line.One more thing about the animals
 This is a very unique view of the state of our modern food supply . Eye-opening while being contemplative and artistic . Not your common documentary at all - do n't expect a bunch of overt narration . All you need is in the visual . Highly recommended for anyone interested in food supply/factory farming issues .
 As you take that walk through the grocery store , see if you can imagine what each of these food items went through in order to be on the selves and in the coolers and freezers . Then watch this movie , if you dare . You will see some of the objectionable tasks that must be done to provide us with our daily bread . You will be puzzled and amazed , and very likely horrified . But you will not regret having watched this movie . And you might want to have others watch it with you . While once our own family farms provided our food , now a majority of the billions on this planet live in our cities , and we shop for our food . We may not like what we see of the food industry , but how could it be any other way ?
 An incredibly powerful movie . Who would have thought that a 90-minute movie with no dialogue or commentary would go by so quickly ? This film will really make you think about all that goes into the food on your plate
 THIS IS THE BEST THING IN THE ENTIRE WORLD!IF YOU LOVE THE JOBROS , YOU HAVE TO GET THIS ! IT 'S ONLY 1 CENT FROM SOME PLACES ON AMAZON!THAT 'S RIDICULOUSLY AWESOME!Seriously , get this . NOW!Jonas # 2012
 I bought this for my 4-year old daughter because she had seen it on cable and was mesmerized by the concert ; she loves to dance to the songs and sings along !
 Never heard their music before . Thought I would take a chance and see what it was all about . It was very cute and good for the whole family to watch .
 Boght as a Christmas present for a young girl . She was thrilled , but her parents quickly got tired of hearing it after about 23 playings . : - -RRB-
 This was a present , it was a great dvd , great price , fast shipping . Love amazon . I would recommend this dvd .
 This was a gift and the Jonas Brothers are BIG with the young kids ... keep that in mind this Christmas or a birthday coming up.It was well received .
 Send this to my niece for her birthday . She loved it . I saved money , too !
 I ordered this DVD for my daughter on behalf of her grandparents . My oldest daughter just celebrated her 15th birthday and she has special needs . Going to concerts is n't very realistic for her . I think it would be overwhelming and too loud . She loves music though and like most girls her age she likes the Jonas Brothers . The DVD came yesterday and her younger sister and I put it on and watched it with her . Her smile on her face said it all . It was like she was at the concert herself . I did get the regular non 3-D movie so I imagine the 3-D is even more fun to watch.This DVD made my daughters day . Made her grandparents look cool and for that alone I give it 5 Stars . The music is pretty good and done live.Taylor Swiff does a song as well as Demi Lavato .
 this is a great movie it has lots of great songs from the burnin ' up tour and special guests demi lavato and taylor swift who 's songs were good as well ! the jonas brothers are awsome !
 The fascinating television import `` Underbelly '' finally got a U.S. distribution this month in a three season set , but you can only get individual seasons on the international market . I first became aware of `` Underbelly '' when I read that it was Australia 's answer to `` The Sopranos . '' Since that first comparison , I 've heard the same point made countless times . To be frank , other than the fact that they are two adult series set in the criminal underworld , I do n't think that generalized statement is very apt or has much bearing on whether or not you 'll enjoy this show . If you are expecting a rich `` Sopranos '' type narrative and continuing storyline , this is n't quite going to fulfill your expectations . But that does n't make it any less intriguing . The general tone of `` Underbelly '' is a bit more lurid . The show itself has much more of a docudrama feel , recreating significant true events in Australia 's criminal history complete with plenty of gratuitous nudity and violence . With edgy camera work , quick cut editing , and a propulsive soundtrack -- this is a show that aims at getting in your face . And for the most part , it succeeds . One of my favorite elements of the show is that each season is its own unique entity with new characters and charting a new story . Heck , it 's become somewhat of a franchise with four complete 13 episode seasons and a series of TV movies.The Golden Mile -LRB- 2010 -RRB- 41/2 stars
 John Grimes is a sensitive young teenager who bears the daily criticism of his step-father . As he endures the redicule , resentment and anger of this man , John tries to understand himself and the world he is to inherit.Go Tell It On The Mountain takes us on the journey of southern Black men and women as they attempt to survive in their rural south and run away to the urban north . While up `` north '' , you witness their escapism into sanctified religion , the pull of the streets on their children , the secrets in their hearts and the bitterness of unfulfilled dreams.Told from the perspective of John , the viewer sees a cultural change and transition in the lives of these new residents of urban America . Join in the pulsating rhythms of the sanctified store-front churches . Feel the needs of young people who want to be free but are held in bondage by the fundamentalist mindsets of their elders . What is most intriguing about the film is Gabriel , John 's step-father . His life , loss , bitterness and inability to fully accept John shows what happens to a man who has no anchor.An outstanding cast of actors portray the characters in this great film . Even though this is an adaption of James Baldwin 's work of the same name it does n't follow the book in its entirety . We get a deeper sense of the psychological forces that shaped John 's parents and their world than from the book . In fact this film enhances the book and I highly recommend its viewing .
 This is the most unconventional episode of the series , which looks like a film , and an expected pilot for a new gothic series
 Alfred Hitchcock attempted to mold Vera Miles into his classic `` cool blonde '' such he had done with Grace Kelly , Kim Novak , Eva Marie Saint and Tippi Hedren . However Miles screen persona seemed to lack glamour and radiance . She exuded more pragmatic and matronly qualities as a veneer hiding some darker side of sexuality . Rather than the `` cool blonde '' she seemed more the `` cruel blonde '' similar to her role in 1961 's `` Back Street . '' In `` The Forms of Things Unknown '' Vera Miles gives a tour de force in subdued sexual and sadistic manifestations . This episode seems like one of the most explicit ventures into erotica from 1960 's television . A strange mixture of 60s chic and spooky Gothic Romanticism it is a highly stylized examination of human sexual behavior , fears and relationships . Stiletto heels , poisoned Martinis , drenching rains , crackling fireplaces , dark shadows , eerie music box tunes , webs of wires and lots of clocks , ticking clocks abound . Is David McCallum a mad scientist or just mad ? I was at a science fiction meet in New York City over 20 years ago . Joseph Stefano was the featured speaker . He brought a 16-mm copy of this episode for viewing . Originally this was a pilot episode for a show he was trying to sell to ABC . This pilot was not for `` The Outer Limits . '' It was for another show more in the horror genre . The episode Joseph Stefano showed the audience that day had a different ending . For `` The Outer Limits '' the ending was re-edited to give it a science fiction element . In the original McCallum was a time traveler only in his mind . For `` The Outer Limits '' version , well let 's just say that you decide . I just touched the tip of the iceberg . There is much more to this episode than I can fathom . It remains my favorite episode . New Haven born composer Dominic Frontiere 's title theme from the first season still remains a great piece of classic musical innovation .
 `` Forms '' was the last show of the series ' first season and the pilot for another anthology from the same production team . It is unfortunate that the idea did not sell because this episode showed promise of gems to come.Basically an ensemble Gothic horror piece , it features great camera work , the usual outstanding scoring , thought-provoking dialogue and gifted direction from Paul Stanley . The cast is grand with Vera Miles and Barbara Rush as two women forced to be the pawns of a murderous cad . Sir Cedric Hardwicke scores as the mysterious `` servant '' to scientist David McCallum , a genius that has mastered time . All actors are highly effective in their respective roles.It is Scott Marlowe , featured in the series ' earlier masterpiece `` It Crawled Out of the Woodwork '' who excels as Andre ... His is a role that others would DIE for .
 After killing Andre , two women put his body into the trunk of their car . Traveling through the forest , they enter a house containing an old , blind man and Mr. Tone Hobart , who posseses a `` time tilting '' device . A device he uses to bring Andre back to life.Although I 'll admit that `` Demon with a Glass Hand '' is better , this one is my personnal favorite . Every single scene in `` Forms . . '' is beautifully done . The use of light and shadow have never been topped . Particularly the last scene of Tone -LRB- played by David McCallum -RRB- leaning into his time tilting device . And the editing is top notch as well . Especially a perfectly timed cut involving a thrown rose to a raindrop . This entire episode defies easy description . It does n't feel like an Outer Limits or Twilight Zone show , it stands up on it 's own . Gothic , Hichcockian , and just plain odd.Two scenes for me that really stand out involve Vera Miles and Barbara Rush running through the forest during a rainstorm . If you look carefully , you can see their breaths and steam rising off their shoulders . It must have been freezing , yet niether actress gives away just how cold it was.The other is perhaps the single finest shot in Outer Limits history . Tone , holding his pistol on Andre , stares at a spinning minuature ballerina . The shadow of which you can clearly see on Tone 's face . A drop dead gorgeous shot.If your thinking about starting an Outer Limits collection , I can think of no better place to start than here .
 Joseph Stefano 's most lyrically poetic script is a sturm-und-drang classic . In some ways , it 's a quintessential OL , and in others it 's nothing like the rest of the series at all.Psychopath Scott Marlowe and his two mistresses , cold-blooded Vera Miles and neurotic Barbara Rush , are vacationing in France to perform a little blackmail . Miles and Rush poison their amoral lover , and Rush 's conscience keeps getting the better of her - she thinks Marlowe is n't really dead . In the midst of seeing him stalking them behind every lightning-shadowed tree , Rush runs screaming for help to an isolated country mansion , where kind-hearted blind gentleman Cedric Hardwicke takes them in until the outside storm subsides.Hardwicke has another guest , the elusively unsettling and mercurial David McCallum , who believes he has invented a machine that brings back the dead by `` tilting the dead past into the lively present , '' and the concealed body in Miles and Rush 's trunk gives him the perfect opportunity to see if he is right ... There 's not a bad thing that can be said about this episode . It 's darkly and lavishly photographed and produced , with the richest score in the series . The cast is uniformly brilliant . A longer , separate version was filmed for Playhouse 90 and for theatrical release in Europe , with a different ending . `` Forms '' was the intended pilot for a series that regrettably never flew , called `` The Unknown . '' It performs like a European horror movie of the period , and is one of the finest pieces of cinema I have ever seen.Even non-OL fans will love this one . Do n't miss it .
 `` Somewhere south of the Mongolian border and north of the Tropic of Cancer , in that part of the world we call the Orient , a slumbering giant has shaken itself to wakefulness . Passed over in most histories as a nation forgotten by time , its close-packed millions , in the short span of twenty years , have been stirred to a fury by one man
 Simply put the original Outer Limits is one of the best SciFi/Horror/Thriller series ever made . Yes it 's in Black and White . And many of the monsters are old school rubber creations . But the drama , story lines and sheer tension still works 50 years later .
 This is probably the strangest of the first season 's episodes of The Outer Limits , and it plays as much as a horror as sci-fi , indeed , was a pilot for a proposed TV series that never got off the ground.A story of sexual sadism and murder in Europe , it 's beautifully photographed , brilliantly acted , features ambitious , at times poetic dialog , and overall feels as much like a fever dream as an entry in a TV series.Highly recommended for those interested in offbeat television , it shows that there was more going on on American TV back in the Sixties than things like The Beverly Hillbillies and Gomer Pyle . This is a challenging episode , ambiguous and deliberately confusing , it leaves the viewer `` hanging '' , so to speak , at the end , offers no hint of what 's going to come afterward .
 First off , great title . `` The Hundred Days of the Dragon '' is not only catchy , but correct to the episode . The funny thing is , `` 100 Days . . '' is more in style with the second season outings . Limited budget , no special effects -LRB- other than the props -RRB- and a more earthly threat . Yet the music is top notch and the use of light and shadows , particulary in the lab shown early in the episode is stellar . Good performances all around help make this one a keeper.Not to be picky , but this is also the first episode of the Outer Limits tradition of NOT GUARDING ANYONE that 's so critical to the bad guys plan . It 's rather hard to believe that a presidential candidate or the vice president would have no guards around . But still , that is a minor nit that does crop up in several episodes.Worthy of your collection , `` The Hundred Days of the Dragon '' lives up to it 's title and more .
 This and the zantis are my favourite Limits . I think this one tops the 50s sci-fi black and white genre . Reminiscent of Day the Earth Stood Still , although I like Limits better . Not as good as Plan 9 but better than The Thing - ha ha
 This video is a classic . I knew I would enjoy it because I had seen it years ago , but it was just as enjoyable and funny today .
 In today 's era of NOT funny comedy , this classic comedy lives on forever . There are n't many comedians out there that make you laugh in hysterics for minutes long intervals . Victor is ONE OF THE BEST ! Highly recommended !
 Victor is in a class only a few can aspire to be included . This album , especially for pianists such as myself , is a treasure .
 Awesome dance sequences , awesome music , and awesome eye candy ! It 's a dance movie for entertainment , so the story is always going to be lacking ; however , the dance talent in this movie is off the chain ! They definately have skills to pay the bills . I wish I could get my body to move like that . Watch it for the dancing , and try to forget that the story line is weak .
 Bought this as an xmas gift for my girlfriend and she really enjoyed the music and plot of this movie .
 Would not have brought it I did not like the movie . Was refreshing and very clean and good movie , I would recommend to a friend .
 I liked this film . I guess I was being a bit prejudiced because I would 've preferred to see someone mixed , Latin , or black in the lead . The performances are great though , dancing , singing , acting , except I believe they probably could 've found a leading lady who could break dance better . But it 's their film & they did it well . If I want one with a black , Native , or Latin lead I should do one myself . Hah ! I believe you will enjoy this film . It does have a great message too without all of the unneccessary sex and violence . I feel like giving it 4 stars , but in all fairness it does deserve the five .
 This film was very enlightening . I really liked the story line it depicted about a group of teens who was determined to make a difference . It was quite interesting .
 I enjoyed all the fast paced , stepping out dancing in this dvd . The tension between the main actors plus teams was invigorating / inspiring . Lot of hard work or ` work ethic ' was implied > to have a dream can many times mean hard work . I would recommend this dvd .
 And Damn she HOT !!! This movie has hot dance moves and even hotter babe ! There actually a story too ! Also , the story actually is better than the first I think.The actors all know how to really dance and there 's no body doubles here . You get talented dancers all doing their own dance moves . It 's NOT like the first where they edited and get body doubles in and out all the time.This dance movie is at par with any other dance movie out there with hip hop dancing in it . I seen step 1 to 3 and all the other wan na dance movies out there . This one is awesome to those movies.The only slight down fall is that there is too much dancing . More than any other dance movie I seen . I agree with some others that they needed to cut out some dancing from the movies and so the movie can move at a faster peace . They could use the extra dance footage during the credits or something.Watch this movie if you like hot hip-hop moves and HOT GIRLS !!!
 Where does one begin in describing this movie ? I must second all the other reviewer 's comments on this one . Even fans of Ed Wood films will find their mouths dropping open in astonishment at the ineptness of this movie . Count how many ways they -LRB- hilariously -RRB- try to hide the fact that there 's no synchronized sound ; decide for yourself if Tor or the heroine is more hideous ; thrill to the leaden pacing -LRB- even at 54 minutes , you 'll be checking your watch -RRB- ; listen in horror as the narrator urges `` our hero '' to hunt down and kill an innocent man ; imagine why the producers chose to open what is essentially a `` kiddie matinee '' - type movie with a rape/murder -LRB- ?? -RRB- featuring frontal nudity ; and cringe at the same annoying stock music cues heard in numerous no-budget productions -LRB- Atomic Brain and Astounding She Monster leap to mind -RRB- , recycled here once again . Cataloging this movie 's deficiencies would take , well , about 54 minutes . But is it entertaining ? Even though I tried to warn her off , my wife -LRB- whose tolerance for this sort of thing is not as highly developed as my own -RRB- sat in with me on this one , laughed hysterically throughout , and at one point , when I tactfully suggested she make her escape , declared , `` No , I 'm really enjoying this one . '' An unsolicited -LRB- and completely unexpected -RRB- testimonial . If you 're a bad film fan you really owe it to yourself to see this one before you die.The DVD presentation , spare though it is -LRB- no trailers , chapter stops only -RRB- , still amounts to overkill in this case . The print used is pristine -LRB- as claimed on the DVD box -RRB- . If you watch closely you will find some very light speckling and scratching here and there but otherwise the print 's sharp and clean , with good tonal values and detail . Kind of compares to hanging some old stinky sneakers in the Louvre . A commentary would have been welcome -LRB- somebody has some ` splainin to do -RRB- , not to mention a trailer or two , but just the fact that this rarely-seen movie -LRB- and I use the word loosely -RRB- has been preserved for future generations is reason enough to thank Image for showing the love . Four stars for the DVD , 1 or 5 for the movie , depending on your viewpoint .
 Wow I did n't even know that Yucca Flats was such a progressive place , at least that 's what the narrator/director keeps telling us over and over . I do n't know about you but when did a desert become a place of progress !?! This has to be one of the funniest movies I 've ever seen , that was not intentionally being funny ! Everyone credits Plan 9 From Outer Space as being the worst film of all time but I have to say this movie makes Plan 9 look like a big budget motion picture . Everything about this film is just plain bad but that 's what makes it so damn entertaining ! I see that many people do n't agree with me but where else can you watch a chase scene that is absolutely ridiculous?A Soviet scientist -LRB- Tor Johnson in his last starring role , thank god -RRB- is running from people that are shooting at him at point blank range but continue to miss him . You have to understand that Tor is a huge wrestler and is not that quick on his feet and is an EASY target but somehow he outruns these pursuers and ends up right next to the stock footage of a nuclear bomb going off!Well with a little bit of facial skin damage and a hand that has some peeling skin -LRB- he must have had a sunburn from all of the desert scenes and that 's the extent of the effects -RRB- he is turned into THE BEAST ! No he looks like the same guy but badly in need of sunscreen ! Get this man some aloe pronto and he wo n't be so crazy . Well this sends him over the deep end as the announcer so kindly tells us . The narration is what makes this stinker so darn funny . It sounds sometimes like he is just reading some random words and it 's all improvisation . Sometimes it makes sense and sometimes it does n't , like this classic line , `` Children from New York , not exposed to progress '' HUH ? What ? Are you telling me that there is more progress in the desert than in New York ? What a mess this film is but that 's what makes it so lovingly wonderful!Get a couple of kegs , invite some friends over and watch their faces turn to shock and horror when you put this stinker on ! I 'm not sure what you 'll laugh at more , the horrified faces or the completely awful film that this is . Either way , it 's guaranteed to make the party fun for you , I do n't know what your guests will think though . Really build it up like it 's the classic that it is n't or is . I do n't know I just know I loved it for how horribly awful it was . I 'm still laughing about this dreck .
 Yes indeed , Tor Johnson -LRB- Plan 9 From Outer Space , Bride Of The Monster -RRB- is a russian scientist with secret plans for the U.S. government . Landing in the desert -LRB- in yucca flats no less -RRB- Tor is attacked by russian agents , driven deep into the desert , and exposed to the radiation of an atomic bomb-blast ! This turns him into a wandering , murdering hulk with glazed-over eyes and gaping maw -LRB- like in all of his film appearances -RRB- . The soundtrack is manic and fits none of the action , while the various characters meander about as if they 'd suffered severe head trauma ! Most of the film is done with voice-over narration that is at once philosophical and hilarious ! Lines like `` A flag on the moon . '' , `` Footprints on the wasteland . '' , and `` Shoot first and ask questions later . '' are delivered in such reverential terms that you 'll be haunted by their sheer silliness ! Also , watch for the cop 's wife who strikes suggestive poses on the bed while he leaves to help his partner track down the beast ! She 's a one-woman hoot-a-thon ! And do n't forget the lost boys , who roam aimlessly through the desert while dad gets shot at from an airplane , and mom shows off her cankles and groovy horn-rimmed specs ! We are even treated to a lady-in-a-towel peek-a-boo scene at the very beginning ! There are far too few victims and far too many scenes of Tor just lumbering around for any real scare-value , but BEAST OF YUCCA FLATS has it 's own MANOS-like charm and weirdness , and at less than an hour in length , it 's over before you can say `` Where 'd I put that cyanide ?? '' ...
 Buy this movie . It 's so hideously bad , it 's perhaps the greatest movie ever made ! Do n't just watch it once , though . This is the kind of movie that stands up to and improves with repeated watchings . You will be consistently confounded by the narration , direction , and the non-action of this supremely bad ` film ' . There is so much badness , that you miss a lot the first few times . Too bad the DVD does n't have director 's comments from the late Mr. Francis , because like many who have seen it , WHY is a question that comes up a lot .
 was the director really trying or was this done intentionally ? if he were really trying to make a quality movie , that 's sad . -LRB- he could n't have -RRB- If , however , it was supposed to be really ridiculous then Im disappointed.I loved this movie . I laughed all the way through it . never seen anything like it .
 The presence of the master can be felt behind the scenes of this grade Z classic . Although Ed is not mentioned in any of the credits , it is widely acknowledged that he helped first timer Anthony Cardoza pull this one off . The film bears Woods influence by use of some of his stock players and his impossible to duplicate editing style . If you enjoy Plan 9 or any other ` so bad its good ' films , get this one quick .
 Tor Johnson 's man-boobs star in this -LRB- adjective -RRB- movie . It opens with a naked lady puting on a towel , then being unconvincingly choked . I think the funniest part of this movie is when Tor Johnson arrives by plane , then tries to get out of said plane ... cut to different scene ... then Tor 's out of the plane . I like that . Throughout the movie , I had one strong hope
 Great movie for science fiction collectors . The movie reflects a true modern day drama of atomic catastrophy . Recommended viewing for the entire family.Seen on Mystery Science Theatre 3000 .
 if you a fan of ed wood like movies then you will want this campy flick , tor johnson is at his beastly best , totaly hokey , b & w , hardly any talking at all its mostly voice overs , all in all i love it .
 Tor Johnson 's performance is better than anything DeNiro has ever done . The subtle brutality demonstrated by Tor and sparse dialog add unbelievable tension to the cold war era atmosphere of the film . The picture quality is perfect and the soundtrack sets the pace . This movie should 've won an Oscar on cinematography alone with the breathtaking mountain scenery on par with Lawrence of Arabia . Do n't miss this one !
 This movie was an absolute charm ! It was thrilling and action-packed . The best part is that it is almost entirely narrated . If you like strange off-the-wall nuclear science-fiction , this movie was made for you !
 This is a 54 minute movie . I mean , that 's about how long it took to make . This movie is so bad -LRB- `` HOW BAD IS IT ? '' -RRB- to refer it to Ed Wood is an insult to Ed . It 's that bad . It is also hilarious . One of my fellow reviewers said to imagine it had been made by a 10 yr old . I do n't think he 's giving 10 yr olds enough credit.I collect Ed Wood and various other really awful movies . This is without doubt the worst made of the entire bunch ! In fact , I believe deep in my cold , cold heart , this is THE worst movie ever made . There are so many obvious mistakes that it is unsporting to even try pointing them out . The movie is a total hoot and well worth showing to a bunch of friends.However , if you have even a hint of compassion you might consider getting them thoroughly drunk first . And even then I doubt any of them could figure out what the deal was with the rabbit !
 Once again , Coleman Francis inspires us . '
 It seems a lot of people feel that this is a bad film . Perhaps it is , but I prefer to think of it as a `` different '' film . It 's certainly different from most American films of its time in that director Coleman Francis took a European approach , making what is essentially a silent film and adding minimal dialog with ADR . The film cheerfully throws logic and plot away from the very first scene and instead , serves up one of the most surreal and curious experiences in cinematic history . As lost `` city boys feed sodapop to thirsty pigs '' and a gunman randomly shoots down an innocent man from an airplane , Tor Johnson as Joseph Javorsky -LRB- noted scientist -RRB- is turned into a beast with terrible skin problems by a nuclear bomb explosion . There is a coyote , a cute bunny rabbit , some cowboy cops , KGB agents and a surly gas station attendant . There is a flag on the moon -LRB- where did it come from ? -RRB- and there is a young married couple -LRB- unaware of scientific progress -RRB- . And do n't forget the NUDE -LRB- yes a fully nude in 1961 -RRB- strangulation scene that starts the picture . What it all might add up to I could n't venture to guess but I 'm certain that it is a weirdly entertaining hour of bizzare images and rather gorgeous black and white cinematography . This edition from the incredible folks at Alpha video is the definitive DVD release . Unlike some of the previous releases , this one is unedited and contains the full nude scene . Alpha has also included the original theatrical trailer for the film as well as an extensive catalog art gallery . The cover art for this release is the best of any of the editions I 've seen . The print has some minor damage but in most scenes it is near prestine . Certainly this film wo n't appeal to many people but it is a great example of leftover 50 's paranoia , showcasing some of the fears from that generation that often made them seem so exceptionally stupid . If you are into genuinely odd films , this one is a prime example .
 Even if you love `` so bad it 's good '' films , this one will still leave your jaw resting heavily on top of your fuzzy slippers . Maybe it 's the worst movie ever made -LRB- or sold -RRB- , and maybe it 's the most amazing and inventive assemblage of cost cutting film making techniques ever . I do n't know enough about film making to be sure , but it 's still a mind bogglingly bad film . I do n't have the time or patience to chronicle even half of what 's wrong here , that could fill a 200-page book , but if you enjoy making fun of bad movies , this one 's good for several viewings . I 've watched it at least 6 times and it still inspires plenty of cheap shots . It 's wrong for every second of it 's 59 minutes - no redeeming qualities . Find it for a dollar or 2 and watch it , if you dare . You may not like it , but you will be amazed at how bad bad can be .
 Willa Cather was astonishingly prescient in pointing out one kind of child the American plutocracy - entering the age of celebrity - must inevitably produce . Her character Paul is a bored kid at the throat of everyday parents , teachers , and classmates because they lack the artistic glamour that enraptures him . -LRB- Today he 'd sport tattoos and metal studs on his face , imagining these would give him the charisma of a rock star . -RRB- Since he 's full of artistic temperament , yet has little real talent himself or money of his own , he 's eager to lick the boots of any artistic types or even of the rich swells who frequent concerts in his hometown . Working as an usher at the local Pittsburgh opera house and freely serving as a valet to the leading man at the adjacent theater , he dreams of one day hobnobbing with the really moneyed upper class New Yorkers who live the high life , drinking champagne and staying at the Waldorf.Still , he is on target in seeing the Pittsburgh of his day as a pretty dull place , given over as it is so largely to the life of routine wage slavery and philistine materialism . He yearns for something more , something finer and joyous , and his awareness that something 's missing in everyday life is the open sesame to our sneaking sympathy and finally pity for him.This wonderful adaptation of Cather 's short story avoids the dullness that so often characterizes Masterpiece Theater productions of classics . While wholly faithful to the story , it has been reconceived as a film . The camera moves a lot , the 19th century settings are superb , opera arias and harp music of the period are added , and above all the subtle acting of Eric Roberts , ranging from requisite sly smiles to fitting looks of childlike bemusement and finally loss is undeniably brilliant.This outstanding DVD from an old PBS series deserves to be better known .
 This short story adaptation is beautifully wrought . The acting , direction , scenery , costumes all work together to bring over the kind of quality production one remembers well from the heyday of the BBC back in the 1970s when `` Brideshead Revisited '' was shown on PBS . Now that PBS does auctions , and the BIG Three do amateur-hour auditions , one must turn to HBO . The story is wonderfully conceived . A young boy , bored to death in the everyday life of Pittsburg , and crushed by uncaring adults including an unsympathetic father , is drawn to the arts , visual and performance . He has what has come to be known a an artistic temperament , is shy , withdrawn , effeminate , and unproductive . He has no talent , no discipline , no artistic training , no ambition . He just wants to `` be '' an artist or be with artists . His kind now makes up about 50 % of the upper-middle class in America , and attends schools like Oberlin to major in romance languages or Russian literature . Is the author sympathetic ? Is she saying that those of artistic temperament ca n't live in brutal America , or that this wannabe wants the wrongs things - champagne , cut flowers , suites of rooms at posh hotels - and wrongly thinks them artistic ? Who knows ? And where might I ask do they dig up these gorgeous young men with Irish pale skin and jet black hair to play in these dramatizations of classics , while our cop shows and audition shows and fake tropical islands are solely populated by uglies ?
 I am absolutely addicted . I watch it just about every night and sometimes on the my computer on the cab ride . I read `` Paul 's Case '' last year in my literature class at school . I loved it from the beginning and I hope I am allowed to say that it is the greatest short story ever written by an American writer . I highly identify with the handsome , sensitive , loveable , and tasteful Paul in his longing for beauty and the romance of Life for which we all long and can find if we are able to escape the prison of rational , small-minded , machine-like society and cultivate what the great mythologist , teacher , scholar , and philosopher , Joseph Campbell -LRB- 1904 - 1987 -RRB- called our `` bliss '' . It is not as faithfully and strictly accurate a dramatization as I would have liked , but the drop-dead gorgeous Eric Roberts ' performance is stunning and beautiful . He perfectly portrays the obviously beautiful and just as obviously troubled spirit of Paul . The program is introduced by Henry Fonda -LRB- 1905 - 1982 -RRB- who gives a beautiful summings-up of the story . He says about the author , Willa Cather -LRB- 1873 - 1947 -RRB- : `` Most of all , she mourned the tragic loss to the world when a talented and sensitive child was denied the chance to develop . She wrote that ` There is no work of art so big or beautiful that it was not once all contained in some youthful body . ' Her story `` Paul 's Case '' ... was first published in 1905 . It 's a story of longing . It tells of a young man who yearns to escape the frustrations of the daily round and enter the world of high art . In a way , he does succeed , but Miss Cather knew that escape from small-mindedness is not easy . `` Like so many archetypal myths , `` Paul 's Case '' tells of the sentient , human spirit pitted against the controlling , uncaring , monolithic Machine of Society -LRB- the same as Luke Skywalker against the Empire and Darth Vader -RRB- and the suffering that is so familiar to the modern teenager.For all of the beauty and genius of the performance and dramatization , however obvious the attempt to restore the film , the picture quality is horrendous and the sound is equally horrific . The tape noise is loud and ugly and it is full of unseemly pops . The Henry Fonda intro is so faded that with the DVD picture on the factory setting of half-way on the color scale , the film might as well be in black and white . The brightest colors in the film are , of course , the bright red -LRB- usually of the main and iconic symbol of the story , Paul 's rather head-turningly bright red carnation flowers -RRB- , the white of the snow - or snow-threatening sky - the black of Eric Roberts ' lovely hair - and suits - and most things , and muddy brown -LRB- just about everything else -RRB- . Probably , apart from the horrific choice of film , part of the explanation for the terrible colors is that , if one searches the credits , one finds that the color has been `` provided by TVC Laboratories '' - no wonder ! The color was added entirely post-production ! However , no matter , this is a beautiful and completely five-star drama which would hopefully make Miss Cather proud . I said it once , I will say it again , this is the greatest short story ever written by an American .
 This loose adaptation of Willa Cather 's 1906 McClure 's magazine piece first aired on PBS 's `` American Short Story '' series in 1980 . The program 's host , Henry Fonda was clearly in declining health here.SYNOPSIS -- Paul is a starry-eyed youth from suburban Pittsburgh who questions what 's already been determined for him by parental and societal expectations . A totally unmotivated student , Paul often spends his evenings in the company of those he finds glamorous -- actors . He 's chronically late for school and falls asleep in class . When his uncaring recitivism brings a suspension from high school , Paul 's father insists that he take a pre-arranged job.To this point Paul 's perceived existence has been gray and oppressive -- a busy offiice environment is saddest of all.Given 2K to deposit in employer Denny & Carson 's bank account , the thrill seeker absconds with their funds . Paul rides the train to NYC , buys a Brooks Brothers suit and takes a suite of rooms at the Waldorf Astoria . An elegant but unsustainable upper class Gilded Age lifestyle lies in stark contrast to the reality of Paul 's troubled world , and dire consequences of his embezzlement clearly foreshadow a tragic denouement.Eric Roberts is outstanding as Paul ; also interesting is Tom Stewart 's `` hale fellow well-met '' Yalie who invites him to indulge in some cat house recreation . This invitation is declined when Paul spots his father at the hotel 's front desk . Hasty flight from responsibility ends alongside a rural Pennsylvania rail track.Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb user poll rating . -LRB- 6.5 -RRB- Paul 's Case -LRB- TV-1980 - Eric Roberts/Michael Higgins/Gus Kaikkonen/Tom Stewart/Lindsay Crouse/Justine Johnson/Andrew Ethier/Henry Fonda -LRB- host -RRB-
 Well I knew that an adaptation of a Willa Cather story would be grim . Notice
 This loose adaptation of Willa Cather 's 1906 McClure 's magazine piece first aired on PBS 's `` American Short Story '' series in 1980 . The program 's host , Henry Fonda was clearly in declining health here.SYNOPSIS -- Paul is a starry-eyed youth from suburban Pittsburgh who questions what 's already been determined for him by parental and societal expectations . A totally unmotivated student , Paul often spends his evenings in the company of those he finds glamorous -- actors . He 's chronically late for school and falls asleep in class . When his uncaring recitivism brings a suspension from high school , Paul 's father insists that he take a pre-arranged job.To this point Paul 's perceived existence has been gray and oppressive -- a busy offiice environment is saddest of all.Given 2K to deposit in employer Denny & Carson 's bank account , the thrill seeker absconds with their funds . Paul rides the train to NYC , buys a Brooks Brothers suit and takes a suite of rooms at the Waldorf Astoria . An elegant but unsustainable upper class Gilded Age lifestyle lies in stark contrast to the reality of Paul 's troubled world , and dire consequences of his embezzlement clearly foreshadow a tragic denouement.Eric Roberts is outstanding as Paul ; also interesting is Tom Stewart 's `` hale fellow well-met '' Yalie who invites him to indulge in some cat house recreation . This invitation is declined when Paul spots his father at the hotel 's front desk . Hasty flight from responsibility ends alongside a rural Pennsylvania rail track . `` Paul 's Case '' is available onDVD.Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb user poll rating . -LRB- 6.5 -RRB- Paul 's Case -LRB- TV-1980 - Eric Roberts/Michael Higgins/Gus Kaikkonen/Tom Stewart/Lindsay Crouse/Justine Johnson/Andrew Ethier/Henry Fonda -LRB- host -RRB-
 its glance into American history but also eric roberts younger years.eric roberts is very boyish and innocent.Great acting and great moviea must see movie for those eric robert fansinterested in the past
 Great video , well worth buying . I 've been searching for videos about Alaska so I could decide if I wanted to travel there or not , and this video was the best I 've found by a long shot ! The glaciers and iceberg views were stunning and the wildlife videos were very entertaining ! If you 're interested in the amazing views offered by Alaska , this is a great video to buy .
 absolutely stunning film . it captures the beauty and magic of Alaska effortlessly . This is a great movie , and i highly recommend it to anyone and everyone , regardless of whether you 've been to Alaska or not . I guarantee you will not find a movie like this anywhere else . this film is full of incredible footage of calving glaciers , bears , whales , and eagles that you just ca n't find anywhere else . It is very evident that Adam has a great understanding and appreciation for Alaska .
 It is hard to describe what Adam Kelly has captured in his film `` The Tracy Arm Experience '' . It is truly one of a kind . He captures the sublime nature of calving glaciers . Kelly lets the viewer understand the natural beauty and wildlife within and surrounding Tracy Arm , as well as North and South Sawyer glaciers . Truly awesome.If you are planning to come to Juneau Alaska , you will experience what is in this beautiful film for yourselves .
 This is a great alaska dvd . Great music , interesting content , and captivating footage . It was cool to be able to see all the glaciers , whales , and bears . It was very exciting and makes me want to go on an alaskan cruise .
 this alaska dvd is one i will keep for years to teach my children what nature is like outside the big city . They learn about soo much , including calving glaciers whales and bears . Its actually very exciting for them to watch , has very beautiful music and extremely interesting content !
 My mom got this Alaska dvd for me . We were thinking of a cruise in Alaska to view the glaciers and Alaska wildlife . After watching this dvd we are even more enthusiastic about visiting Alaska , but we have decided to postpone our trip so we can save up a little more money and afford a longer cruise than we had initially considered . If you want to cruise Alaska and see the beauty , and you do n't have a cruise ship , grab this video for instant satisfaction . We love it : -RRB-
 This DVD is absolutely breathtaking . It captures the exciting natural wilderness of Alaska with crisp , clear detail . The sound is also phenomenal . The entire video makes you feel as if you are actually in Alaska . Awesome .
 This dvd definitely has some interesting content . It is full of beautiful , captivating footage . It really makes me want to experience the Alaskan nature for my self .
 Beautiful footage of an incredible part of Alaska , accompanied by beautiful music . If you 're planning a trip to Alaska or just want to get a glimpse of what it 's like , this is for you . Top-quality footage , great angles , way better than I expected .
 The DVD was very interesting . I enjoyed the scenery and views provided from the filming . The glaciers were spectacular . I did not know how much color there was in an actual glacier . The animals in the film were entertaining and exciting . The film is truly a good piece of work .
 I got this alaska dvd as a gift for my fiance who loves the outdoors , nature and more . He watched it and could not stop raving about how exciting Alaska seems . Now he wants to take an alaska cruise to go see the glaciers , look for polar bears and whales and just enjoy . The footage was absolutely captivating , and the Tracey arm fjord is so beautiful . The music was beautiful as well .
 I 've always dreamed of taking an Alaskan Cruise and after watching this DVD I absolutely know now that I must ! The mesmerizing footage of massive glaciers calving icebergs off into the ocean , humpback whales breaching , bald eagles soaring free , bears foraging , and incredible footage of the fjord cliffs themselves is all set to moving , beautiful music . This video made me feel as if I were right there experiencing the unspoiled nature and exciting wildness of Alaska . If this does n't give you the travel bug nothing will !
 Great Nature film , really worth the money . By watching this I learned * A LOT * about nature and wildlife . Much of the movie talks about whales and their habitats and about the beautiful glaciers of Alaska.Watch it , you wo n't regret it !
 This movie is a nice movie that gives you a great taste of what Alaska is all about . You see many of your favorite animals and you also see cool waterfalls and glaciers/icebergs . It is set to music but it journeys you through the movie quite nice ... so what I 'm saying is that there is no narration but sometimes a picture speaks 1,000 words ... ya know ? A very cool movie that you will absolutely enjoy watching .
 As a survivor of the Tracy Arm experience , I can only say that nothing comares with it except this fantastic DVD . I relived every moment of that journey as I listened to the sounds and saw the sights again . If you care abt . reality , then watch this DVD by the Kelly/Fair team ! It is Xmas gift bound to all our friends and family .
 I bought this DVD when I was up in Alaska during my vacation this year . TOTALLY worth it!I am a huge fan of Alaska movies ... and this is my favorite one ! The animals are portrayed wonderfully and the glacier CALVING is amazing!THANKS SO MUCH ! I recommend this movie to everyone . It is absolutely fantastic !
 I 've never been to Alaska but after watching this dvd about the Tracy Arm Fjord , I feel like I have . This Alaska cruise really captures the imagination and makes you feel like you 're a part of what 's going on . I really enjoyed the beautiful music and the amazing footage of whales , polar bears , glaciers and more . This Alaska DVD makes me want to go see the splendour and beauty of nature the world has to offer ! Well worth picking up this DVD and adding it to your collection .
 This alaska travel dvd is the next best thing to actually being on an Alaska cruize . It was so exciting to see the bears and the whales in thier natural habitat among the huge icebergs and glacers . Not only is the footage shot for this dvd absolutely captivating , the music that it is set too is also very beautiful .
 The Alaska dvd is informative , as my title suggests . You can see through the lens exactly what the recorder wanted the viewers to see , the beauty of Alaska . The clips of whales was beautiful , and the new clips of glaciers were well taken .
 Having visited the Tracy Arm Fjord , I am elated to have found this video able to allow me to relive the beauty I experienced in all its glory ! Excellent !!! The nature shots of whales and bears are awesome . The glaciers are stunning in every shot . Everyone must see this !!!
 This Alaska DVD really does a great job of providing a glimpse of Alaska for all to see and behold . There is great footage featuring the wildlife such as the bears and whales . The beautiful music also gave it a nice touch .
 This is one of the best travel movies I have ever seen . The beauty of the photography orchestrated by music makes this journey through the fjord a spiritual experience . The glaciers are so real that you will find yourself experiencing the chills . This is seeing the raw beauty of Alaska 's frontier up close and personal .
 I am absolutely recommending Alaska DVD to you guys . It is worth paying for . The footage really captivates my heart . It is so exciting to see the calving glaciers and the beautiful nature featured on it .
 This Alaska DVD is great . Makes me want to take cruise . Wish I had the money to go there , I would love to see the whales and bears . This movie is about as close as I will probably ever get .
 I 've watched other videos on Alaska because I used to visit when I was a kid . I have n't been there in years , but I love these videos . This is one of the best ones , taking a viewer through the Tracy Arm fjord . I have to get back there someday .
 This DVD is what finally convinced me and my family to visit Alaska ! The DVD has wonderful footage of bears , glaciers , whales , and much much more ! The narration is great and it provides a lot of valuable information on the great outdoors of Alaska .
 Love the way this DVD films the nature , climate of alaska ... feels as if you are actually present there.Its really good stuff . . heaven on earth.The enchanting glaciers , mysterious whales and cuddly bears all this DVD just makes you go to alaska.The content is very much interesting and exciting along with the real good music in background .
 Alaska , The Tracy Arm Experience is a top knotch film full of exciting and captivating footage with a wide variety of different event going on around Alaska . From calving glaciers and ice bergs to killer whales to wild bears all the way to the beautiful nature , this alaska dvd really does have interesting content that keep you interested .
 This is an amazing film filled with breathtaking imagery and beautifully composed music . I 'd recommend this to all looking for a soothing experience as well as a fun ride .
 I highly recommend this dvd to anyone who loves wildlife and nature ! The dvd consists of tons of captivating footage of creatures and scenery set to beautiful music . Watching this dvd was a lovely and inspiring experience !
 One of the most interesting Alaskan DVDs I have seen . This DVD has everything you would find in Alaska from the glaciers , bears , and global warming . Watching this DVD makes you feel like you are in Alaska and is highly recommended .
 This movie is absolutely fantastic . The music is so relaxing and the movie has amazing footage ! I love the calving section ! NATURE IS SO INCREDIBLE ! I recommend this movie to everyone who has gone to Tracy Arm and Alaska or who wants to go . I bought 3 of these and gave some away as presents ! What a fantastic film !
 The alaska dvd was packed with breath taking glaciers . Prepare for a visual alaska cruise complete with whales bears nature calving glaciers . Its exciting with beautiful music , ice bergs , and very interesting content and captivating footage with tracy arm fjord .
 The Tracy Arm Experience is a great buy . It uses captivating footage and exciting and interesting content to show whales and polar bears living their lives on the glaciers and ice bergs in the nature of the frozen tundra . The beautiful music invites you in , you will love this purchase . Must Buy !!
 If you ever wanted to go on a vacation but did n't know where , well this Alaska DVD will help you with your decision . It shows you the amazing calving glaciers , this dvd talks about all the things Alaska has to offer like whale watching , fishing , Alaska cruises and the beautiful nature Alaska is all about .
 If you did not know anything about Alaska , this is the DVD to see . It has captivating footage of nature in in most precious state . Glaciers , ice burgs whales , bears , with beautiful music , makes this a interesting piece
 This utterly delightful Vonnegut story , dramatized exquisitely by Jonathan Demme , was first aired as part of the American Short Story series on PBS . -LRB- Others of note include Fitzgerald 's `` Bernice Bobs her Hair '' with Shelley Duvall and Bud Cort , Anderson 's `` I 'm a Fool , '' with a youngish Ron Howard -LRB- he still had hair ! -RRB- , and Richard Wright 's `` Almos ' a Man , '' with Levar Burton -LRB- following his `` Roots '' stardom -RRB- . Depending on which season , the host was an aged Jimmy Stewart or Colleen Dewhurst . Each was a jewelbox of small treasures.Set in small-town America in the 50s , the story centers around Walken , a clerk in a hardware store , who is painfully shy and awkward but who blossoms on stage in the community theatre productions where he portrays Cyrano and Abraham Lincoln with aplomb and brilliance , but is too timid to even linger for curtain calls . When Susan Sarandon 's character arrives in town , a traveling rep for the phone company installing new billing equipment , she is encouraged to audition for the company 's upcoming production of `` Streetcar Named Desire '' with Walken , of course , playing Stanley . Much like Walken 's character , Sarandon 's is a somewhat shy and reclusive young woman , good at her job , but never in one place long enough to make personal connections . In her audition held at the high schoo library with the director , Walken stops by and is trapped into reading with her ; her first read as Stella was halting and emotionless . But Stanley , who removes his shirt -- yes , they would have seen Brando 's performance on screen -- while Stella stares in admiration , evokes repressed emotions of our burgeoning Stella into giving the reading of a lifetime ! She is cast ! Opening night is stellar -- but of course Walken disappears after one bow . Sarandon , who is now smitten but has come to know that Walken can only become more `` socialized '' with a script in hand ! Her `` device '' to keep him after the last night is clever and appropriate to the title and Walken ultimately proposes to Sarandon , as Earnest Worthing and she accepts!The other company members gather on the sidewalk outside the hardware store to congratulate the couple . When the director asks them if they would consider starring in the next production , Sarandon , with Walken behind her in an affectionate embrace , asks `` Who are we this time ? '' It is warm , romantic , clever -LRB- Vonnegut , you know -RRB- and quietly and subtley treats the human need to discover our roles . And any viewer who has been involved in community theatre will identify ! If `` all the world 's a stage , '' then we are , indeed , but small players . We just need the right script ! The acting portends the continuing successes of both stars . Walken , following the `` Deer Hunter '' and Sarandon , after `` Rocky Horror Show , '' continue to give us these `` great performances '' they did in `` Who am I This Time ! ''
 This is a little gem -- a paean to community theater , the power of literature . Plus it 's wonderful to see the young Susan Sarandon and Christopher Walken .
 Though the movie played much like an afterschool special it was throughly enjoyable . It cerainly was n't the actors best performance of their career but there was an innocence that was refreshing and the story was unique and delightful . Walken and Sarandon had dynamic chemistry . It was just an all around wonderful , sexy , smart movie . I 'm so glad I ran across it .
 This only just misses being worth five stars . Perhaps it needs its charm to carry it over a few weak spots ; maybe it looks like it was made for television - which it was - maybe it 's just too easy to enjoy . Those might be reasons enough to deny it a fifth star , but it is winning in every way and extremely touching . Walken and Sarandon are amazingly good , and the story , simple and straightforward though it is , gives them endless opportunities to shine , especially when they share the screen . There are no fireworks and no great sets or settings . This a timeless small-town fantasy that a city person can enjoy many times ... that 's why we own a copy .
 I have acted and directed for many years and just saw this film . It is an extraordinary piece that provides a demonstration of how acting works -- and it does so in a very short amount of time and in an engaging way . Walken is pure genius in his body language , facial expressions , use of his voice , everything an actor needs to perform well . I do n't think I have ever seen -LRB- or ever will see again -RRB- such amazing acting . The story is cute and touching , but it is merely a vehicle for the stars to shine , which they do - brilliantly . See this movie and -- please , someone , put it on DVD .
 Fine , sweet , understated , modest . A small story , and a small movie . If you require large explosions , or edge-of-your-seat car chases , this movie is to be avoided ; on the other hand , if character vignettes please you , you 'll be well satisfied . O. Henry-ish , and intentionally stageplay-like . Approaches my all-time top ten . -LRB- Thanks , JAG , for introducing me to it . -RRB-
 Someone once said that a good poem would `` take off the top of your head . '' This little flick did that to me , when I was a young and impressionable student who stumbled across a PBS film festival , and I 'd love to have the same experience again -- preferably with a DVD version of `` Who Am I This Time ? '' Twenty years ago , I had no idea who Christopher Walken or Susan Sarandon were , but their understated yet passionate -- pulsating ! -- acting left a big impression . Sit back , take a sip of a warm , fruity wine , and enjoy this little gem .
 I use this video in conjunction with a Shakespeare writing assignment I do in my English classroom . The students always mark this video as one of their favorites . They love the characters and it really helps them with their own performances -- in acting and writing .
 This movie is excellent not only for entertainment for instruction as well . As a professional Drama Instructor , I use this as a complete training aid for my students . Every class is moved by the performance as well as the subtle way you are carried through the dynamics of this peculiar town , hardware clerk and secretary 's lives.There is quite a bit to glean from this picture - most of which is relational in nature but also in underplay . Christopher Walken powerfully embodies the essence of potential energy in a quiet package.I recommend this to anyone for Drama instruction and disection .
 A great , funny movie with some actors who went on to have amazing careers . I ca n't wait for the DVD . This is one of my favorite movies .
 Walken 's transformation from painfully shy clerk to dramatic actor is absolutely incredible . A heart-warming movie for the entire family . One of the few truly entertaining movies of the century ; hard to believe they did n't need violence , nudity or profanity to make a great movie . Emotionally very satisfying .
 I first saw this short film on PBS in the early-80 's when Susan Sarandon and Christopher Walken were young -LRB- and so was I -RRB- ! Written by Kurt Vonnegut , one of my favorite authors , it is like nothing any of these people have done before or since . Many actors become their characters , yet are shy off-stage . This story takes that idea to extremes in a touching way . Who Am I This Time takes place in a small town , and involves its community theatre , in which Christopher Walken 's character is always the heartthrob leading man . Susan Sarandon travels with the telephone company , which brings her to this same small town for a few weeks . I hesitate to say much about the plot beyond this , so as not to give it away . Suffice to say , that the character development is superb , through the writing , the directing and the acting . Highly recommended if you are a fan of Walken , Sarandon , or Vonnegut , or even if you just want to see a great little film .
 What a great collectible item for someone who appreciates subtle , clever acting ! No earthshaking tragedy here , just a delightful , poignant and wistful premise that is beautifully realized and portrayed by two of Hollywood 's most intriguing actors , Christpher Walken and Susan Sarandon , in the earlier part of their careers . I always watch anything with either of them in it , as I know I will always be rewarded .
 Writers and actors love this video , but the humor and emotion appeal to all . Fabulous performances from Walken and Sarandon , as well as the rest of the cast . A total delight .
 If you are looking for a cute , sweet and simple love story , this is it . This is one of the best feel good movies I have ever watched . I simply adore Christopher Walken as a shy store clerk that is n't quite sure how to express his feelings toward Susan Sarandon . It became one of my all time favorites immediately after watching it . It is a wonderful movie and I recommend it to anyone .
 I rented this movie , and as soon as I was done watching it I went online with fingers crossed to see if it was by any chance available for purchase . I 'm so glad it was ! This is a charming , touching , beautifully acted movie . The characters are treated with great affection and the evocation of small-town life is wonderful . Sarandon and Walken give beautiful performances , full of subtlety and nuance . This really is one of the best things I 've seen in a long time -- I ca n't believe it 's 25 years old . I 'm going to buy a couple of extra copies to give as holiday gifts this year !
 This made-for-TV movie is a rather painless hour in front of the screen featuring the young Sarandon and Walken working well together . Walken plays a shy young storekeeper who only comes to life when he inhabits a theatrical role . Sarandon is a slightly less shy young woman who decides she wants to star opposite him for a lifetime . They bond over `` Streetcar Named Desire '' and the rest is history.By no means deep , the movie makes no attempt to explore the roots of Walken 's emptiness -- but that 's beside the point . If you enjoy two of our best actors going at it working from a relatively intelligent script , this is worth taking a look at .
 I spoke about a movie to friends about a shy man who came out of his shell on stage . They wanted to see it . So I bought them a DVD of &#34; Who Am I this Time ? &#34; I hope they enjoy it as much as I did .
 I saw this movie first on HBO shortly after it came out . I still think of Christopher Walken as a romantic lead because of it . It 's a wonderful story , performed by Walken and Sarandon before they were that well-known . I do n't think Demme was that famous yet either . At any rate , it 's a sweet story celebrating theater and embracing everyone where they are .
 This tiny jewel about a romance between two community theater actors was made in 1982 , but the costumes , hairstyles and setting place it vaguely in an earlier time . It does n't matter.The Kurt Vonnegut story is low-key . A telephone company employee played by Susan Sarandon in town on temporary assignment , is co-opted into performing Stella in a community theater production of A Streetcare Named Desire . Her Stanley , a pathologically shy and inarticulate hardware store clerk played by Christopher Walken comes to life only when playing a role , but when he does , stand back ! He 's brilliant.Everyone in town takes the situation for granted , but Helene/Stella falls for Harry/Stanley in a big way . The only problem is that Harry is absolutely tongue-tied when he 's not delivering lines . What wil happen ? Will life imitate art and will this relationship end in Tennessee Williams-esque frustration and tragedy ? It seems likely , and this little hour-long movie keeps the viewer in suspense for its duration . Mr. Walken and Ms. Sarandon 's performances are simply amazing although everyone in the cast is splendid . Look for a Vonnegut young lady as one of Harry 's fans.I would n't spoil the ending for anyone , but will just say that the combination of Vonnegut , Demme , Walken and Sarandon is spectacular . This is one of the best hours you 'll ever spend with a movie .
 It 's so wonderful to get this film . I searced a long time for this . I was so happy when I found this . Thank you
 This is the sweetest , most innocent , intelligent romantic story I 've ever seen ... Sarandon and Walken are superb ! So much genius packed into one hour !!!!!!
 Christopher Walken and Susan Sarandon make a sweet , believable , and completely charming duo in this little gem of a film that is based on a short story by Kurt Vonnegut , Jr. , and directed by Jonathan Demme . I showed it to a group of my students recently and they were completely won over . Do n't pass this one up !
 A short wonderful , feel-good movie . Christopher Walken at his best!You 'll be smiling and laughing through the whole movie .
 This is a great little movie . Originally made for PBS ' AMERICAN PLAYHOUSE SERIES , it is a charming adaptation of the Vonnegut short story . Perhaps the best , and certainly the most likeable work that Christopher Walken has ever done .
 First of all , if the names Walken , Sarandon , Demme , and Vonnegut have n't intrigued you enough to buy this unseen , I do n't know if my review will convince you . I had seen this short film on cable almost 20 years ago , and have been telling people about it ever since , so I bought it as soon as I found it was available on DVD . Then before I got a chance to watch it , I lent it to my neighbors who are involved in community theatre ; they loved it so much they called to ask if they could keep it to give as a graduation present for a party they were going to for a young actress . She evidently loved it as well , so I had already turned three people onto it before even having a chance to watch it myself . So , I bought a second copy.I had always raved to people about Chris Walken 's performance , but found when I finally watched it again that I could n't take my eyes off Susan Sarandon . Both performances are simply wonderful , but what else would you expect ? The story by Vonnegut is sweet and sentimental and funny and romantic . Jonathon Demme 's direction is wonderfully intimate , and the supporting cast is definitely up to the level of the leads . The DVD even has a study guide , which would make it a great tool to use in high school English or Drama classes . Some may not want to invest in such a short film -LRB- it was made for TV , under an hour -RRB- , but this is a gem of a film .
 This is a great movie . Christopher Walken and Susan Sarandon are wonderful . Great acting , great direction . A must-see !
 I remember watching this movie in English Lit class in high school . Great romantic story ... I think this might have even been filmed before Susan Sarandon made it big . And a fabulous performance by Christopher Walken . Tony Shaloub from Monk should rent this and take notes ... anyway , great rental for anyone who loves a simple romance or just to see two great actors chew up the scenery .
 A very sweet and endearing comedy with Susan Sarandon and Cristopher Walken playing young , neurotic love early in their careers and at the top of their game . Sarandon is an inhibited TelCo employee who , while visiting a small town to train local staff , is ` discovered ' by the local theater club director desperate to find his Stella for a very , very local production of Streetcar . Her first appearance will be opposite Walken , who plays Stanley with complete abandon and fire to burn . Sarandon discovers not only a hidden talent but also a burning and first-time-ever passion for Walken , who can only turn it on when he is onstage . Can these two ever overcome their inhibitions in real life , their on-stage heat notwithstanding?Production values are rather low as this was a made-for-TV movie in the '80s . However , Vonnegut 's writing is tender and revealing , the supporting cast is completely charming and dry , and the two leads just burn the house down . Demme 's direction is sparing and right to the point . Running time is on the short side at 60 minutes , yet the powers that be manage to round it all up very tightly by the end of the show . A gem of a date movie you never heard of .
 I first saw this movie on PBS in the early 1980 's , when I was a young teen . The film is directed by Jonathan Demme and stars Christopher Walken and Susan Sarandon , all three Academy Award winners . It 's based on a Kurt Vonnegut story . What a combination ! Great film !
 Who would have thought that a movie that runs just under sixty minutes can be so riveting ? Sure , it 's not the best film that Walken and Sarandon have starred in , but it comes very close . With a condensed length , it features a fascinating chemistry between the duo 's characters , and I truly think it 's one of the more realistic ones in all of cinema . Walken plays Harry Nash , a methodical stage actor who happens to be awkwardly shy . He takes part in a local theatrical production community , and he happens to be the big star . Enter Sarandon as Helene Shaw , a lonely employee who decides to audition for the female lead in the next small-town production , A Streetcar Named Desire . When these two meet for the first time , a relationship ensues . What you basically get in this film are heartwarming performances from our two leads . There 's also the impressive script and the unbeatable supporting cast . I have seen only a few theatrical plays , but this film makes me want to see more .
 This one-hour film starring Christopher Walken and Susan Sarandon is a wonderful portrayal of the magic that takes place in the course of acting . I teach beginning acting to young students , who enjoy the film greatly . It gives us much to discuss including a response to their common complaint
 I bought three copies of this , having seen it many years ago.One copy for a newly married couple that discovered themselves in theater.One copy for the daughter of a colleague with a big brain and great shyness that is dispelled in amateur theatricals.The last copy for me , for my permanent collection . Along with DVDs such as I list below , this is an utter classic without a single false note . Indeed , the editorial descriptions above are better than usual . You will not regret this for an instant.Other perennials with me are : Dances with Wolves - Extended Cut -LRB- Two-Disc Collector 's Edition -RRB- The Last Samurai -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB- De-LovelyPretty Woman -LRB- 10th Anniversary Edition -RRB- Henry VThe Snow WalkerBonhoefferThe Bourne Ultimatum -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- Smiley 's People
 Let 's face it . We 're not watching this sort of movie for great character development or intriquite plot twists . This sort of movie is all about women in bikinis , or less . This movie is an excellent piece of work , if judged with that in mind . The women are many and Hot , the situations are funny and provocative , and the outfits are skimpy , revealing and imaginative . There are few movies in this genre that can top this one . If you are a fan , Do n't hesitate to buy this flick !
 It has Jessica Hahn is in it but the other ladies are beautiful and there is nudity . Worth watching and worth buying .
 This movie is great . It 's possibly the most amazing movie ever made . It stars Jessica Hahn as a horny houswife , and is directed by Jeff `` Bobby Wheeler '' Conaway of Taxi fame . It also stars Conaway 's sister , and a guy who was also in Donnie Brasco , not to mention some great acting from females who sometimes get naked . I swears to bears that this movie is a tour de force of modern filmmaking . Bikini Summer 2 will be discovered by anthropologists in the distant future and will become an object of serious discussion and investigation . This movie defines its own genre and is perfect for the discriminating film enthusiast .
 This is true DEVO . I was n't to impressed by the quality of the audio at first , but the sound techs got it fine tuned by the 4th or 5th song . You get almost all of the ` Duty Now For The Future ' and ` Freedom of Choice ' albums plus some select ` Are We Not Men ? ' tunes . I was impressed by S.I.B. , Mongoloid , Pink Pussycat , and Blockhead considering how complicated the beats and electronics are . This is a must see for true DEVO fans and spudboys alike . Enjoy !
 This is my favorite wu tang movie along side Lord of the Wu tang.The fighting may be a bit slow but really amazed me because you could tell that there was no increase in film speed or trick wiring for the fights.Yu Rong Guang -LRB- Iron Monkey -RRB- plays an ex Wutang student who is given the privelage of becoming a priest of one of the shaolin temples by the royal guards of the gov ' t so he can succeed the old abbot of the shaolin.This one I particularly liked for the story line and some more realistic but very interresting fights .
 From start to finish this movie is great . It has highly skilled martial arts . It takes place on location at the real shao lin temple and wu dang temple . some great styles , and great fight scences . Also there is a great horse race battle with they are coming from mongolia . Forget what the last review said about realistic . Everything is realistic . In all chinese movies . You just have to have some knowledge behind what they are doing .
 I watched this film about 5 times on vhs loved it so much that I wanted to own it on dvd for my collection this film is good in every aspect.The action is intense extermly well done a classic would highly recommend this one .
 This is a great kung-fu flick . Plenty of action , decent storyline , and fun fight scenes . If the old kung-fu movies are somthing you like , you 'll be entertained by this one.What sets this movie apart from many other movies of this genre are the fantastic views of the Chinese countryside . Seriously , some of the settings for the action of this film are just amazing.No , it is n't as good as the first movie with Gordon Liu , but how many martial arts movies are ? Buy this movie already .
 Plot was a little confusing at first . Great fight scenes at the end .
 I am talking there is a monk training who jumps on to his back AS HARD AS HE CAN ON THE DIRT GROUND AND SPRING BACK UP EVERY TIME HIGHER AND HIGHER . And I ; m not talking abou using his hands , he does THE hardest hits and springs on his back I have ever . Unfortunately the movie is not a good one even for kung fu terms . And that guy I was just talking about , that 's like his only part . But there is a monk named yu nan I think and this guy can really fight . He is small and has a single expression he shows on his face . I do n't have any idea who this guy is but I would think he was in at least a couple other mainland films.OH YEAH I FORGOT TO TELL YOU IRON MONKEY IS IN THIS . This must be his first movie and his fighting skills are n't polished by any means . He has always been an underused actor as the years have progressed but man do they show him off in this one . Now his fights are unpolished , but like jet in shaolin temple , he is a serious athlete . Meaining that even a guy like allen iverson would have respect for him . And speaking of allen , EVERYONE in this movie had ot have broken a couple of bones . The final kick of the movie by yu nan and iron monkey is spectacular but still does n't look worth the pain the actors went through . Then iron monkey takes a shot at least twice as hard in the next shot and that was all by himself . I seriously thought he must have died in real life . And the hordst stunts are the sheeit . Dangerous stuff always going on in this movie , no story , but the fights are plentiful and VERY good . VERY VERY GOOOOODOOD.The Xenon version is nicely widescreened , but suffers from a very worn out and faded picture . I like the cantonese track but the subs are very difficult to read and decipher when you can read them . But do n't worry , it 's iron monkey beating everyone 's ass .
 Who knew Robert Redford and Jane Fonda could be so funny together ! Well I guess Neil Simon did . I have watched this many times and it never gets old . Who ca n't relate to what it 's like to be in the first flush of love , find a new home and struggle with your career at the same time?Jane Fonda is gorgeous , passionate and hysterical . Robert Redford is gorgeous , stoic and long suffering . This is a rom com with something for both men and women to enjoy . A real winner .
 I have been looking for this for my daughter for years . She has always loved this movie and will be delighted .
 I watched this again after reading a new biography of Robert Redford . According to the book , Jane Fonda was having a tough time in her personal life while this was being filmed , and got a lot of support from Redford . Redford does a great job in his role , because he 's playing a smart articulate guy -LRB- which is the only kind of guy he can play convincingly -RRB- ; his character is also kind of uptight and conservative -LRB- at least on the surface -RRB- , and surprisingly , he pulls that off too . But the real revelation is how fearlessly Fonda throws herself into the zany , silly character she plays , and makes us believe in her and root for her . You would never know she was going through a harrowing time in her personal life . They 're finely matched and the movie has many lines that are still LOL funny , with superb work from the supporting duo .
 It 's such a great movie ! Great actors and just an adorable story . And to me , it does n't even seem dated . It 's a great love story , simple , honest & fun !
 I have enjoyed this film for years . It is alway a great one to stick in the DVD and just chill.Must ot have in your collection
 I really really , enjoyed the video ! It arrived really really fast ! I was really really excited , and really really impressed !!!!!!!!
 We had seen this movie a couple of times before and wanted to see it again . It is a great movie and we will see it again in the future . We enjoy the old movies much more than the newer ones .
 I have seen this play/movie , etc many times . To the extent I have it memorized ! Therefore , when I visited my first `` walk-up '' apartment in Manhattan this week -LRB- to visit my grandson -RRB- , I HAD to buy this for HIM to watch . He did n't understand how I could be out of breath after only five flights of stairs ! I would recommend this DVD to anyone who wants to laugh !!!
 Barefoot in the Park starring Fonda and Redford at their best . Light , breezy , delightful romantic comedy set in New York City in the 1960s . A laugh a minute from begining to end .
 I loved this movie ! with all the terrible things going on in our world , we need more movies like this!It transports you back to a time long gone . It has a sweet innocence about it!For an hour and a half you will forget the grief going on in the world!Buy this movie and watch it with the one you love ! Then pass it on to everyone you know !
 `` Barefoot In The Park '' is , as has been mentioned a zillion time below , Neil Simon 's adaptation of his stage play , starring Robert Redford -LRB- in the role he created on Broadway -RRB- and Jane Fonda -LRB- brought in for `` star '' power -RRB- . I am not as enamored as the other reviewers ... I do n't have the natural affinity for the material that they seem to have.I think it 's still pretty `` stagy '' and has not aged as well as many of the other films from the period -LRB- 1967 -RRB- . I agree that it 's a total kick watching young acting masters like Redford and Fonda in their early phase ; it 's like watching young colts learn how to gallop . They do n't quite have the polish and presence they would soon have , but it 's kinda exciting to watch them get there.Mildred Natwick and Charles Boyer are superlative in their supporting roles ... they do n't waste a line.A funny thing happened while I was watching this movie.I really really did n't like either one of the main characters . At all . A half hour into the movie I could have cared less about either of them ... and then , without me realizing it , I needed to know how this film was going to end ! I ignored some of the flat lines ; the plot contrivances did n't seem so contrived ... I was fully engaged by the end credits . Happily.I think this will be a nice little surprise to fans of 60s films who have n't yet familiarized themselves with the early careers of either Redford or Fonda.The disc itself has a decent if not eye-popping picture , and the sound seems to have been cleaned up . There are some great shots of NYC that are not almost 40 years old ... If this means anything , when I started the review , I gave this film three stars , but as I finished writing this little blurb , I had to go back and bump it up one . I 've become quite fond of this little film .
 An old friend -LRB- and fan of goofy romance -RRB- recommended this film to me . It took 6 months and I finally got around to seeing the DVD . The DVD has the original trailer and looks great . The sound is solid , but you are n't buying this DVD for the effects . You are buying this for the film.Pauline Kael called this film , `` a trifle and almost amusing in a harmlessly , pleasantly stupid way '' -LRB- 5001 Nights at the Movies -RRB- . She missed the whole point of the film . You do n't take a movie like this seriously . You let the charm of Jane Fonda , Robert Redford , and the bouyant Charles Boyer take you away . You just laugh and enjoy . The story of two young newlyweds is age old . You can see where Dharma and Greg get their inspiration , and the 90 minutes of this film are far better than any episode of that show . I immediately fell in love with Fonda 's Corrie.Charles Boyer steals the movie . At times it is a bit dated -LRB- like Corrie 's mom 's advice about making a happy marriage -RRB- , but that is no matter . If you want to smile and fall in love , see this film.It looks great on DVD . Do yourself a favor , ignore the junk playing at a theatre near you and enjoy this one at home as winter comes .
 This movie really proves the point of how `` opposites attract '' . Fonda and her quirky , Bohemian style meets Redford and his prudish , `` fuddy duddy '' -LRB- as she refers to him in the film -RRB- style . But it 's those qualities that make them need and want each other and love each other despite being in a weird apartment building in a rathole apartment . It 's great for laughs , love , and look into what makes us fall in love with other people .
 Jane Fonda was certainly lovely in this film , and her fey charm forgives the fact that she was clearly showcasing herself here and not truly interacting with her equally photogenic co-star , Robert Redford . Neil Simon 's wit and clever use of human beings as props in sight gags has never been so polished in any of his other productions , and there is something truly endearing about this particular film . I think it is the mixture of its time and setting , all combined with the fact its two lead actors are still fresh enough in the business to exude real life excitement about their roles . This movie is funny , effectively coy a time or too , and just bizarre enough to stand the test of time .
 Barefoot in the Park is one of my favorite movies , I taped it when it was shown in Letterbox Widescreen on TCM and when I get around to it I 'm going to buy it on DVD . This is a very charming movie and has a wonderful cast ! Jane Fonda is absolutely charming as spunky , fun-loving newlywed Bride Corrie Bratter and Robert Redford is very good as her uptight husband Paul but also good are Mildred Natwick as Corrie 's mother and Charles Boyer as eccentric neighbor Victor Velasco and I highly recommend this cute and charming movie !
 First of all let me say this ! -LSB- Those -RSB- who gave this movie 1 or2 stars need to quit playing Siskel & Ebert . This is a Classic Moviein every way . It 's very entertaining , funny , romantic and has great performances by all involved . And I really resent talking about Jane Fonda looking old and tired or whatever nowadays . Is a remark like this fair ? I 'd like to look that good when i 'm in my 60 's . And a comment like this has nothing to do with her performance in a movie over 30 years ago ... if u love classic movies and appreciate fine comic acting , do n't miss this one.The rest of u find some actionflick .
 This great Neil Simon comedy deserved better treatment from its studio , Paramount . This DVD is of appalling quality , and looks like a VHS transfer . When are the studios going to treat their back catalogues with a bit of technical respect ? Bad resolution , bad contrast , bad sound , bad everything . Bluray ? Where are all the Blurays of their classics divisions ?
 `` Barefoot in the Park '' is one of the best and most successful examples of the filmed Broadway romantic comedy . It features Robert Redford on the cusp of stardom as he repeats his Broadway role as Paul Bratter , and Jane Fonda as Corie Bratter fully realizing her potential as a fine light comedienne . For the whole premise of these totally opposite newlyweds beginning life together to click there has to be a vibrant magnetism between Paul and Corie . This Fonda and Redford have in spades , they could rival great film teams , Tracy and Hepburn , Wayne and O'Hara and Loy and Powell they way they generate sparks.The plot is slight ; Paul and Corie Bratter , after a rapturous six-day honeymoon at the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan begin married life in a tiny flat on the fifth floor of an old Greenwich Village brownstone . Corie is an exuberant free spirit , eager to experience all life has to offer ; Paul on the other hand is more reserved , practical and cautious as a young lawyer just beginning his career . While Corie views their cramped , antiquated apartment as a little piece of heaven , Paul sees the flaws ; the five long flights plus the front stoop , the hole in the skylight , no bathtub , the leaky closet in their bedroom that is so small and narrow it can only fit an oversized single bed , not to mention their offbeat neighbors . One of the most notorious is Victor Velasco -LRB- Charles Boyer -RRB- an older , chipper rou&eacute; who lives above them in the attic . Corie and he turn out to be kindred spirits , and she gets the wild notion to set up her gentle , sedate widowed mother Mrs. Banks -LRB- Mildred Natwick -RRB- on a blind date with him . At the end of a very bizarre evening , which includes a ride on the Staten Island Ferry to an Albanian restaurant , both Paul and Mrs. Banks , numb and weary are more than ready to call it an night . However , Victor insists on seeing Mrs. Banks , to her dismay , home to New Jersey . After they leave , Paul overtired and disgusted by the whole interminable business takes Corie to task for what he feels is a cavalier attitude towards her mother 's discomfort . Corie annoyed , responds to this by accusing Paul of being a watcher not a doer in the game of life . This leads to a beaut of a rip-roaring fight that climaxes when an agitated Corie tells Paul she wants a divorce since she suddenly realizes , that except for those six days at the Plaza , they have absolutely nothing in common!Neil Simon based the play on his own newlywed life with his first wife Joan in a five-floor Greenwich Village walk up , and it works because it is so true to life , and the adjustments people have to make in a marriage . It was his first smash hit and ran for 1530 performances on Broadway . He skillfully adapted and opened up the play in the screenplay showing the Bratters in a horse drawn hansom cab blissfully riding to the Plaza just after their marriage , their honeymoon , the disastrous dinner out , and Paul , happily drunk , walking barefoot in Washington Square Park to prove to Corie he 's not a stuffed shirt . The one-liners and zingers abound , but the humor is affectionate not malicious , toward one and all , and always faithful to the character and the situation.In the first seven years of the 1960 's Jane Fonda was one of the first choices to play the ing&eacute;nue in cinema adaptations of Broadway plays , and she won this role over such potential candidates as Elizabeth Ashley the original Broadway Corie , Marlo Thomas who played it in London , and Natalie Wood . This was her 5th time doing a Broadway transfer , and by far her best ; she 's a charmer , delectably pretty with her mane of russet hair , and her slender , coltish figure that looks sensational by the way when she strips down to bra and slim trousers to tempt her absorbed husband by performing an `` original Cambodian fertility dance '' , ditto when she does an alluring little wriggle as she slips into a dress ! You had to love her , despite her little quirks , particularly if you were a hormone ridden adolescent boy the way my friends and I all were the first time we saw it . She also has a sure touch with the witty Simon dialogue making every word count , she 's smashing , to use a Swingin ' Sixties term!This was Redford 's sixth film and it was lucky for him , the first true hit after a string of flops , and the one that would ignite his career in films . His role is less showy than Fonda 's , but he more than holds his own with her . I very much identified with his character , the slightly stuffy , restrained introvert . Still , Paul has a quiet strength , and he has plenty of red corpuscles that get the juices flowing for his seductive young bride . As mentioned earlier , there is palpable electricity in these two opposites attracting . Redford gets his chance to show his talent for slapstick comedy in the last part of the film when he tries to shuck off his inhibitions along with his socks and shoes with the assistance of a bottle of Scotch!Mildred Natwick was another of the original Broadway cast , and she has a lovely gracious dignity as Corie 's mother . She 's endearing and maintains her aplomb throughout all the crazy misadventures to which Corie and Velasco subject Paul and she . Like Fonda and Redford , she gets a chance to comedically twinkle , and does it so well that she was rewarded justly with an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress of 1967 . As Victor Velasco , Charles Boyer had the opportunity to affectionately spoof his continental lover image , which he does with relish . I ca n't forget the final original cast member Herb Edelman as Harry Pepper , the hapless telephone repairman , who proves the old bromide true , `` there are no small parts , only small actors . `` Quick words of praise to director Gene Saks , in this his initial outing ; he had an affinity for the works of Neil Simon in both stage and screen . Also , Neal Hefti 's bright musical score , with its jazz influences , is a definite asset.Bad news , no extras except for the original trailer , a commentary with both Fonda and Redford would have been an additional bonus . Still , the movie is strong enough to stand on it 's own , and in it 's charming innocence and sweetness will always appeal to the young at heart .
 I just love this movie . I first read and saw the play when two people in my high school drama club performed a scene from it . Very soon after that , they showed this movie on AMC -LRB- or a similar movie channel -RRB- and I fell in love . It was made before I was born -LRB- my parents , for that matter , were little kids when this was made -RRB- and so at times it can seem kind of hokey to me , but it 's sweet and very funny . Robert Redford plays uptight Paul while Jane Fonda is very funny as the upbeat optimistic Corie . Plus , I just love her wardrobe . Ca n't say it 'd really work in my life , but I would n't mind a couple of those dresses.Dharma & Greg has a similar premise -LRB- though obviously BITP is done much , much better than D&G ; ! -RRB- -- a couple gets married after only knowing each other for a short while , she 's a little flighty , he 's a little uptight , hilarity and drama ensues as they deal with married life and living together in the big city . I love this movie . If you like Neil Simon , older movies , romantic comedies , or just want to see what all the fuss was about for the leading actors -LRB- Redford was a dreamboat and Jane Fonda is so pretty -RRB- , I 'd say give this a try .
 Very good movie.Is one that is not played often on TV.Redford / Fonda at their acting best in this feature.Would recommend this film as a classic to anyone who wants to see a fine flick .
 This is the greatest movie . I love the stairs and all the great lines in the movie . The actors they chose were the best .
 Loved this movie . What a fun-filled happy go lucky plot . Acting is wonderful by the entire cast . You will enjoy yourself . Bring the popcorn !
 This movie , undoubtedly , is the one of the funniest I have ever watched . Jane Fonda & Robert Redford give priceless performances . I will definitely watch it again in the future and share it with friends who have n't seen it .
 a wonderful movie , so funny . the mother is a delight . i was just wondering why when almost everyone ended up there on the roof , nobody fixed the problem ! any way seen it many times and loved it .
 It 's been around a long time , but it still works . Seeing young versions of Jane Fonda and robert Redford is half the fun . Recommend it for a lazy , rainy Sunday in the house .
 Another great piece of writing from Neil Simon with great performances and that luscious ' 60 's look and vibe ! A wonderful screwball-type comedy that plays well even today . You ca n't beat it !
 A fun movie when Redford & Fonda were young & had few movies yet . So well acted & enjoyable : - -RRB-
 Love the first year of bridal bliss by Jane Fonda and the charcters of Mildred Natwick and Charles Boyer in their latter years . Great date movie !
 A young couple of newlyweds with more ideas than money begins to experience the bittersweet nature of love in this romantic story from Neil Simon . Redford had appeared on Broadway with this play but Fonda not . The mother in law - Mildred Natwick and Charles Boyer - in the secondary roles make a worthy contribution to raise the level of this amusing film that over the years , has become its own cult status .
 This has been one my favorite movies for many years and I think it is one of Neil Simon 's best efforts . He really seems to capture the challenges of a young couple adjusting to marriage once past the heavenly 6-day honeymoon at the Plaza , especially since the bride and groom seem at times to come from different solar systems . The groom , Paul , -LRB- Robert Redford -RRB- is down-to-earth , solid , sensible , a handsome rising young attorney who is hesitant to try anything new or do anything wild and crazy , a bit of a ` stuffed shirt ' . The bride , Corie -LRB- Jane Fonda -RRB- , is a beautiful , sexy , free-spirited young woman eager to begin their life together in their tiny new walk-up apartment on the top floor of a 5-story building -LRB- not counting the stoop -RRB- . It 's easy to see what attracted them to each other but is there enough substance to hold them together?To add more flavor to the mix , they blend in Corie 's 52-year old straight-laced mother , Ethel -LRB- Mildred Natwick -RRB- and their 60-ish Bohemian neighbor , Victor -LRB- Charles Boyer -RRB- , who dwells in the attic and lives a very uninhibited lifestyle.The casting is excellent , the script is great . I love what Redford and Fonda bring to these roles . I thought Boyer and Natwick were wonderful , too.One of the things I really like about the movie is that when Corie becomes hysterical and Paul thinks it 's all over for them , they each find a new perspective . I think everyone will enjoy this delightful comedy , especially newlyweds !
 I have found that the movies no one talks about , or rarely remember are usually the most enjoyable and this is one . Not a movie I expected from either actor , but entertaining the whole length .
 This is a wonderful character study of a young newlywed couple and the hijinks around their first problems.It 's all truly marvelous , touching , warm , laugh-out-loud funny.Even Jane Fonda 's great .
 This an absolute charmer . Very Breakfast at Tiffany-esque . Redford and Fonda shine as mismatched couple . Sure it was cheesy , with that 1960s chorus in the background . But if you love romantic comedies give it a try .
 I had forgotten how funny this movie really is until i got it in the mail and watched it the same night . Robert Redford usually not really known for comedic roles , shines in this flick as the straight guy . Jane Fonda , known for being a little eccentric in real life , has no trouble playing one in this movie . The rest of the cast fits their parts to a tee , including the mother-in-law who 's comedic delivery and timing is superb . This movie is and will always remain a three generation family favorite . I only wish my mother had lived long enough to watch it again with me .
 This one is a winner . The script is bright , witty and romantic . Fonda is so cute you ca n't decide whether to kiss her or kill her - but it works . Mildred Natwick steals the film from the younger set as Fonda 's widowed mother , every scene she is in is laugh-out-loud funny . Dated , yes - 1967 New York . In a way though it almost plays better with age . If your a New Yorker or New York fan , it 's a hoot to look at the city scenes from then . A true feel-good comedy . Highly recommended .
 Fonda and Redford 's roles reveal a unique combination . Funny , cute , sexy - what more could you ask for from such a classic ?!
 I never saw the play on which this movie is based , but I do have to say that I think this movie is hilarious and really light-hearted . The first time I saw it was on TCM -LRB- Turner Classic Movies -RRB- , and I could already tell it was a classic . It was such a simple movie , yet so memorable . There are many catchy lines and quirky situations that make this movie a `` must-have '' . I recommend it for anyone young or old who has the urge to laugh and smile through the day . Thanks for reading ! = -RRB-
 Based on Neil Simon 's paly -LRB- he is also the author of the screenplay -RRB- , this is a lighthearted , comic and silly yarn about two newlyweds -LRB- Redford and Fonda -RRB- , who , after spending a brief honeymoon at the Plaza Hotel , move into a rented a walk-up apartment in New York . The challenges of the couple - lack of heating , adjusting to living with each other , dealing with in-laws and neighbors are well narrated and acted . Highly recommended for newlyweds , particularly those who are professionals and live in an urban environment!For a more serious movie love story set in New York with Redford -LRB- and Streisand -RRB- , see the 1973 Best Picture Oscar nominee `` The Way We Were '' .
 This is a class movie I remember seeing as a child . The DVD works great , and I am enjoying the movie now as much as I did back when I first saw it in the 1960 's .
 I bought this movie for my sister and she said it was great . It is wonderful to find these movies at Amazon .
 Jane Fonda and Robert Redford at there best.If you are married or have been in any type of relationship you will love this movie.Sit down and enjoy with your significant other .
 My favorite movie ever . I bought these for myself and two daughters as it was our snuggle with popcorn movie time . Fast service too .
 I love this movie . Robert Redford , Jane Fonda , Mildred Natwick and Charles Boyer all give great performances in this Neil Simon story directed by Gene Saks . Redford and Fonda play newlyweds trying to live in an impossible apartment in a 6-floor Greenwich Village walkup . Redford is rather conservative and Fonda more of a free spirit -- until the tables turn . The dialogue is hilarious . This is definitely my favorite Redford/Fonda teaming -LRB- they 've done three , so far -RRB- , and one of my favorite Robert Redford movies . I think you 'll like it .
 I stumbled across this movie several years ago . Rented it a few times and have always thought it was a great little romantic comedy , and fairly accurately portrayed the funny differences between guys & gals . Of course , Neil Simon was no slouch as a play writer , and this is a good screen adaptation . I 've also enjoyed Redford & Fonda 's work together . Barefoot ... is their earlier effort , and although in Electric Horseman they are both a bit older , the way the play off each other is still just as enjoyable to sit back and watch .
 get this DVD . I also bought it for a friend in fashion . Not on ; y did she laugh , but she got great ideas for clothes to include in her wardrobe .
 This is an enjoyable movie made from an excellent Simon play . Actors are good . Romantic comedy done well . Seems old fashioned in its innocence but that was the way they made them back then , think Doris Day . Great on a rainy or cold day ; sit or lie by the fire and watch this .
 I love Robert Redford so much and this is definitely his best comedy ! I used to have this VHS . So I bought two dvd 's in case I lose one !!! HILARIOUS movie !
 I 'm no great fan of Neil Simon , but this neat adaption of his popular stage success BAREFOOT IN THE PARK brings a smile to my face -- and it probably will yours too . The story is quite simple
 Barefoot In the Park - Paramount , 1967Jane Fonda is adorable in this Broadway hit play by Neil Simon converted to the big screen . Fonda and Robert Redford are Corie and Paul Bratter , newlyweds adjusting to their newfound married life . Corie is carefree and vibrant , whereas her husband , Paul , is prim and proper . Together , they make a dazzling team that answers the question
 Robert Redford and Jane Fonda are newlyweds in this quirky comedy . They play well off each other with him playing straight serious to her funny spontaneity . This is a treasure that you will want to view over and over again .
 This movie is , in a word , FUNNY ! The casting and the dialogue are simply phenomenal . If you do n't laugh at this movie , you are a humorless person . Mildred Natwick was deservedly nominated for a best supporting actress Oscar that year -LRB- losing to Estelle Parsons for `` Bonnie & Clyde '' -RRB- for recreating her stage role -LRB- along with Redford -RRB- as Jane Fonda 's mother and is brilliant ! One of Neil Simon 's absolute classics . Best Moment
 The barefoot Redford-Fonda team is fantastic at delivering scene after scene of red-face laughter . A passionate newlywed couple embark on a lifelong dream of marital bliss . Like most new couples , they adjust to the most basic of accommodations but have more difficulty adapting to the notion that life is not all fun and games or not all career-building work . Was matrimony a serious mistake ? Are they totally incompatible ? Can conservative family and eccentric neighbors salvage this new couple 's seemingly disastrous pledge ? This is a film to be watched more than once since you will likely not hear some dialog due to boisterous laughter and totally miss other sections while rolling on the floor.Movie quote
 Robert Redford and Jane Fonda at their prime , both in looks and acting . A refreshingly entertaining story without blood , guts or coarse language .
 Jane Fonda is a great actress , but I have to admit that she worked my last nerve when she was whining about her husband 's prudishness and demanding a divorce.Robert Redford was a delight as a young husband trying hard to please a dizzy wife . The other characters , such as Jane 's mother , the telephone man , the old delivery man , the eccentric `` 55 '' year old neighbor , were also fabulous.Great romantic movie - you will laugh out loud .
 Neil Simon is a master storyteller and has such an amazing way of creating complexity out of simple characters . I found this film to be one of his better stories.This movie is timeless and for anyone nostalgic for the 60 's it is a walk down memory lane . The story is found in the relationship between two young people who marry and move into a Greenwich apartment . Both the apartment and the relationship need a bit of work and throughout the movie the characters strive for a better living arrangement.Robert Redford is a bit stiff in his role as the serious lawyer husband to Jane Fonda 's perky and ever curious wife . Together they are a mismatch that somehow works or at least you hope it will . The scenes are deeply written with lots of twists and turns and comedic outlets to maintain the viewer 's interest . The funniest parts of the story arrive during the scenes with Fonda 's mother , Mildred Natwick , and their Hungarian neighbor , Charles Boyer . Opposites attract from all angles and Simon 's writing brings all of the mismatches together with an interesting flair.If you love New York , Redford , Simon or Fonda or just a great old love story with a few laughs this film is for you . So kick off your shoes and enjoy this walk in the park !
 Neil Simon 's BAREFOOT IN THE PARK remains to this day a breathless comedy delight , the universal story of two newlyweds and their rocky road to marital bliss . Following a 6-day -LRB- and night -RRB- honeymoon at the Plaza Hotel , conservative young lawyer Paul Bratter -LRB- Robert Redford -RRB- and his vivacious wife Corie -LRB- Jane Fonda -RRB- settle into domesticity in a fifth-floor walkup apartment building in New York , filled to the rafters with veritable kooks ! Corie 's mother Mrs Banks -LRB- Mildred Natwick -RRB- finds herself being wooed by worldly neighbour Mr Velasco -LRB- Charles Boyer -RRB- , whilst Paul and Corie slowly adapt themselves -LRB- hilariously -RRB- to married life!Robert Redford amiably recreates his Broadway role of Paul and Jane Fonda is just about perfect as Corie . Mildred Natwick is a hoot as Mrs Banks -LRB- and adds a lot of depth and drama to her comedy -RRB- . Charles Boyer , in one of his last films , gives Velasco the flash and eccentricities the role requires . Neal Hefti composed what has become one of the most loved and admired film-scores of the 60s . Sensational film version of the Broadway hit , which opened in 1963 , originally starred Robert Redford and Elizabeth Ashley , and ran for over 1,500 performances .
 My wife and I have enjoyed this movie for years . For some unexplained reason , we had never bought our own copy.This DVD is the widescreen version and has a satisfying picture and sound . The story-line is familiar , and Redford and Fonda are convincing and enjoyable in their rolls . The balance of the casting is first class , and the whole package provides solid entertainment.I recommend this one highly to all who enjoy comedy . It would be a worthy addition to anyone 's collection .
 This movie needs no review , if you have seen it you 'd understand . It is a classic . If you have n't seen it do it now !!!
 This movie is about a young lawyer who marries a young spirited , flighty , spontaneous woman . They get an appartment that is five flights up . Shortly after the honeymoon is over they come to realize that marriage is not all roses after all . It takes the mother and the corky older neighbor to help them through their differences . That and walking barefoot in the park .
 Romantic comedies do n't come much lighter than this early Neil Simon confection based on the early days of his first marriage . With Broadway in such a desperate state to open a revival of the original play this past week -LRB- and to rather abominable reviews -RRB- , it 's worth revisiting the 1967 screen adaptation starring the youthful , fresh-faced pair of Robert Redford and Jane Fonda . They convincingly play Paul and Corie Bratter , hot-to-trot newlyweds who after spending seven passion-filled nights at the Plaza , find the everyday trials and tribulations of marriage rather rough going . Corie has secured them a sixth-floor walk-up studio in Greenwich Village surrounded by eccentric neighbors , chief among them an aging lothario , Victor Velasco . Her widowed mother comes for dinner , which Corie transforms into a blind date with the wily Velasco . In the meantime , the personality clash between the button-down Paul and the free-spirited Corie comes to a head with Paul walking out drunk and sick with a head cold . The ending for all four characters is inevitable , but the journey there generates some nice giggles . It 's all pretty generic and filmed rather flatly by Gene Saks as a movie barely opened up for the movie screen.The young leads show why they are still around nearly forty years later . This was the second of three screen pairings for Redford and Fonda , albeit they barely had any screen time together in 1966 's `` The Chase '' , a legendary bomb documented in dishy detail in James Robert Parish 's just-released `` Fiasco
 This is a classic ! I first saw the 1981 HBO special -LRB- on stage with a live audience -RRB- with Bess Armstrong and Richard Thomas -LRB- John Boy from The Waltons -RRB- and liked it . So naturally when I saw the same title airing on Turner Classic Movies years later I was curious to see the movie version . I loved it!The timing of the one-liners and the actors ' facial expressions are priceless . Especially with the running gag of the newlyweds living on the top floor of building with no elevator . The delivery man and the telephone man in the beginning are funny . Jane Fonda , Robert Redford and especially Mildred Natwick have excellent comedic timing . I laughed from beginning to end . Who can forget when Robert Redford 's character and Mildred Natwick 's character go to a restaurant on Staten Island have dinner and drinks then ca n't make a fist and their teeth feel ` soft ' . HILARIOUS . Another memorable moment is when Mildred Natwick 's character assures Charles Boyer 's character that she 's okay to walk without holding on and then proceeds to tumble down a flight of icy stairs . -LRB- I had to rewind this a few several times while laughing -RRB- . That in itself is worth watching.Top notch performances by all in this film . A must-see .
 I really enjoyed this movie . It was fun to watch ! The characters are quirky . The movie takes the viewer back to a more innocent time although it was probably ahead of its time on some of the scenes . It 's interesting to watch Robert Redford and Jane Fonda in a movie when they appear to be so young ! It 's the kind of movie that lifts you up !
 I love the music in this movie , it always reminds me of the `` old '' New York and the many movies that I have come to enjoy from this era.Robert Redford ... . WHAT A BABE !!!! Jane Fonda ... . WHAT A SEXPOT !!! I can watch this 4 nights a week and still laugh at the jokes and I remember seeing this for the first time when I was a kid and now I share it with my 11-year old daughter and she `` loves '' it `` Shamma Shamma el ma Ka Mamma '' LOLThere is so much witty humor from Redford in this movie as well as the Mother that I always end up on the floor laughing at least once during the movie . The Story is cute , not anything heavy or dilemas to figure out just a cute flick.If you enjoy movies like `` The Out of Towners '' -LRB- the original -RRB- or `` What 's Up Doc '' I think you will like this one.Happy Viewing
 Jane Fonda and Robert Redford in their prime . Movie is splendidly done with fine supporting cast . Writer Neil Simon at his wittiest !
 This is a classic to beat all classics . A great story -LRB- though very dated - with Fonda trying to be a great wife -LRB- and nothing else -RRB- is funny in every scene . The actress who plays Fonda 's mother steals the show . Great entertainment .
 My two favorite Jane Fonda movies are `` Sunday In New York '' and this one . Redford & Fonda are super . Great soundtrack .
 It funny , loveable , and the acting is wonderful . I first saw it back in the sixty and really enjoyed it . Especially the part were Mickey Rooney played the Chinese gent .
 I like the old movies . This package came just as it was described and arrived on time . This will be a great Christmas gift .
 I love this movie and could watch it over and over again . Sweet , funny and charming ! Highly recommend .
 As one of our favorites from the past , it 's great to have this movie now on DVD .
 Love this movie . It reminds me of the first time I moved out on my own . Nothing seamed to bother me about my first broken down apartment and the crazy neighbors . Great movie
 One of his first , and so glad to be able to get it !!! A delightful comedy !!
 Excellent Redford & Fonda fare . Comedy done to perfection . Charles Boyer and Mildred Natwick just what the Doctor ordered in outstanding support roles . This flick is a treasure to own and one where the viewer will want to roll for plenty of laughs . If you do n't own it do yourself a favor and buy it , and after you have it , you 'll love it !
 Funny underrated sitcom this made just prior to `` Klute '' and `` Butch Cassidy '' in which both Fonda and Redford really made their mark . I enjoyed it enough then to go out and buy the video 30 years later.Paul and Corrie Bratter are two newly weds who move into a fifth floor apartment of a building with no lifts . She is extrovert , bubbly and a little naive always wanting to try new experiences while he is a staid advertising executive on a fast track to being very boring . Inevitably there is a clash of personalities . Somehow in these more liberal times such an outcome could easily have been avoided , nevertheless ... There is an interesting bohemian character next door who serves as a catalyst for finally bringing out there differences to the fore . A Mr Victor Velasco played with great relish by Charles Boyer . When he invites them all to dinner including Corries mother and serves a hot dish of lychees , the story takes a different turn . It also aroused my curiosity enough to go out and try this tasty asian delicacy myself . But I digress . The ` barefoot in the park ' literal ending is both touching and romantic . Enough said . This is not a great comedy as comedies go but extremely watchable for those have us who have a nostalgia for the 60 's when cohabitation outside wedlock was still a novelty . Both Boyer and Natwick manage to upstage everyone with there spot-on characterisations . No over acting here . I sometimes wonder if Fonda and Redford had not gone on to bigger things that maybe they would have ended up on some similar tv sitcom of this genre . Fortunately for us they didnt ...
 I 've seen this film so many times and enjoy each time . I am now buying the DVD . Got to have it in my DVD collection . All four actors are simply great and provide an evening of great fun .
 This is probably one of my favorite movies ! I first saw it on AMC one night and laughed so hard I was almost crying . After , I had to buy it on DVD . The cast is perfect ; Redford and Fonda -LRB- Paul and Corie -RRB- really play off each other very well but Mildred Natwick -LRB- as Corie 's mother -RRB- positively STEALS the show . She has the best lines of the movie and delivers them perfect.A great thing about this movie is that it is almost timeless . It is set in the 60s but can actually be relevant even today in my opinion . This is just a wonderful , funny movie and I watch it whenever I can . I even have it on my iPod !
 ` Barefoot in the Park ' is not a perfect rom/com , but it is a delightful one , that is for sure . There is so much to love here that it 's small and sparse downfalls are easily overlooked , sometimes missed altogether . Thanks in large part to some very surprisingly engaging performances and a spot on script , ` Barefoot in the Park ' may make you want to do just that ; run barefoot in the park.The film tells the story of newlyweds Paul and Corie Bratter . Paul is an aspiring lawyer who is reserved and conservative . Corie is loud and vivacious and flirtatious and just completely his opposite . The two move into an apartment that they never got to see to find that it is practically falling apart , but being to optimist that she is , Corie makes the best of things , determined to have a happy home . Paul is a little more put off by his newfound surroundings , but he desires to keep his wife happy . Their building is populated by some strange individuals , not the least of which is Victor Velasco who just so happens to live in the attic . While Corie is busy making friends and spreading her wings , Paul finds himself recoiling.Will these differences end their marriage before it even begins?Parts of the overall scheme of things may not seem to fit all that soundly , especially when you consider the fact that Paul 's conservative side seems a new thing for Corie , who most definitely would have known this man before marrying him , but it is easily forgiven or all around forgotten thanks to the wonderful acting.That acting is also quite surprising . To be honest I find both Robert Redford and Jane Fonda to be rather dull , especially when considering all the praise they receive from rabid fans . Redford is like Gere for me ; a heartthrob who has no right to be a heartthrob , but here he is wonderful . He is the right amount of conservative and the right amount of charming . He comes off like the average Joe , which is exactly what the film called for . Jane Fonda is even better , much better . She is so infectiously charming , oozing all over each scene with pure blissful chemistry . Charles Boyer is hilarious as Victor and Mildred Natwick works well as Corie 's mother , but I will say that her Oscar nomination was a little unnecessary.The film , like I said , is not perfect , but it is charming and enjoyable . It does feel very much like a stage play in scenes , and this comes off a little wooden , but it is short lived thanks to Fonda and Redford . The final resolution will make you happy and giddy and the way the actors devour the script is a joy to witness.The film even has one of those hysterical ` ROUS ' moments -LRB- watch ` The Princess Bride ' if you do n't know what I 'm referring to -RRB- when Corie 's mother first visits the apartment . If you watch carefully you 'll see that the door opens and Natwick is just standing there , still as can be and then she just runs full force into the door jam . It 's one of those comical moments that is funny for a purely unintended reason , and one of those scenes that you just want to rewind and watch over and over again .
 This is excellent . Many people under 35 years old or so probably wo n't appreciate this Neil Simon classic . I was 12 or so when I first saw it in 69 ' or 70 ' . I was captivated by it 's exaggeration of marriage , love and commitment . It is not a ` reality show ' . If you have been married for many years -LRB- 33 years -RRB- like I have , you will really enjoy the absurdities and over-reactions . It 's a great movie !
 I love Robert Redford . He has so much charm . This is a fun movie to be enjoyed over and over .
 Neil Simon 's Broadway success brought to the big screen.The story is of a newly married couple Paul and Corie Bratter -LRB- Robert Redford , Jane Fonda -RRB- living on the top floor of an apartment house . They are trying to cope with each other 's quirks and relatives . Toss in the strange Victor Velasco -LRB- Charles Boyer -RRB- a gregarious border in the attic.Yep , I enjoyed this movie when it first came out . I could relate to the newly weds as many people start out in similar environments . This movie version of the play has spoiled me to the point that other attempts at `` Barefoot in the Park '' fall short of my expectations.A part that I thought was funny but had no relationship to , was the `` little pink pills '' that Corie 's mother -LRB- Mildred Natwick -RRB- had to take to handle the rich food and drink environment . Now I take little pink pills.Does this mean that I am destined to end up in the Hotel National in Mexico City?Love Affair
 Neil Simon 's hit Broadway play `` Barefoot In The Park '' was brought to the big screen by Paramount Pictures in May 1967 , and it 's a romantic comedy that is rich in '60s New York flavor , first-rate performances by a fine cast , a funny script , and an uncredited `` extra cast member '' which delivers quite a few laughs in its own right -- i.e. , a difficult-to-conquer New York City five-flight walk-up apartment.Robert Redford , Jane Fonda , Mildred Natwick , and Charles Boyer are the stars that ease their way gracefully and `` breathlessly '' through `` Barefoot In The Park '' . -LRB- Several members of the cast are literally `` breathless '' in many scenes because of that doggone five-story march up the stairs to reach the newlywed couple 's just-rented ` flat ' . -RRB- Redford and Fonda -LRB- ages 30 and 29 , respectively -RRB- are the amorous newlyweds who struggle to make themselves happy in that top-floor crackerbox , which comes -LRB- in -RRB- complete with no heat , no bathtub , a hole in the glass skylight that affords Mr. Redford -LRB- `` Paul Bratter '' -RRB- the opportunity of shoveling snow out of his living room when such wintry weather warrants , and a bedroom so small that the couple has to `` turn in unison '' in order to fit into the room at the same time . : -RRB- But it 's all good fun and handled with realistic humor and style by this excellent cast . Robert Redford is very funny in this film , proving without much doubt that he can certainly hold his own in a comedy . He lets loose with many hilarious quips throughout this flick , and does so without the lines seeming to come from a `` script '' . Some `` Redford Funnies '' that I enjoyed from `` Barefoot '' : '' -LCB- She 's gon na get -RCB- a dog ! That 's a laugh ! Wait till she tries to take him out for a walk ... he 'll take one look at those stairs and go right for her throat ! '' `` The radiator 's the coldest thing in the room ! '' `` There 's a brisk northeasterly wind blowing in this room ... . I 'm not getting sarcastic ; I 'm getting chapped lips ! '' ~ ~ An LOL break is needed at this point ~ ~ : - -RRB- After realizing there 's no way to plug up the hole in the skylight that 's causing the `` brisk northeasterly wind '' , Paul Bratter -LRB- Redford -RRB- unleashes another good one ... `` That 's twenty feet high ; we 'd have to fly over in a plane and drop something in . `` Later in the film , after the newlyweds have a major spat and Corie -LRB- Jane -RRB- insists that her brand-new hubby find other lodgings , this exchange of dialogue comes up : CORIE -- `` You could stay at your club . `` PAUL -- `` It 's not that kind of club ; it 's a locker room and a handball court . To sleep over , I 'd have to keep winning the serve . '' ------------------- Mildred Natwick , as Jane Fonda 's mother , is in tip-top acting form , too . And she 's given quite a meaty part here as well , as she reluctantly becomes somewhat -LRB- shall we say -RRB- `` involved '' with the `` neighbor upstairs '' -LRB- he lives in the attic above Jane and Bob 's place -RRB- . The neighbor is played by 67-year-old Charles Boyer , and he 's just as good as the remainder of this roster of finely-tuned players.Screenplay writer Neil Simon gives Mildred her fair share of witticisms throughout this script too , such as the quote I 've used for the title of this review -LRB- which was spoken after yet another Mount Everest-like climb to get to Paul and Corie 's dwelling -RRB- . The scene featuring the ill-at-ease telephone repairman is also a highlight.While I enjoyed the feel-good , `` all 's - well '' rooftop ending of the film , I felt a tad bit disappointed by it at the same time . Instead of the movie 's last shot showing the couple on the roof from a lengthy distance , I would have liked to have seen one short scene added to the finish that would have capped the proceedings off nicely -LRB- IMO -RRB- -- that being : A shot showing a smiling Paul and Corie happily squeezing into their tiny bedroom , followed by the door slamming right in the camera 's face -LRB- eye -RRB- . Then the end credits could be placed over the top of the closed bedroom door -LRB- with , perhaps , a few giggling noises being heard from behind the door once in a while as the names scroll across the screen -RRB- . ** = The giggling is strictly optional . ~ wink ~ ------------------- This 1999 Paramount DVD version of `` Barefoot '' delivers a crisp , clear picture -LRB- in Anamorphic Widescreen 1.85:1 -RRB- . Colors look terrific and natural . And the film sounds very good too , via the disc 's Dolby Digital 2.0 English Mono audio . A French 2.0 Mono track is also included ; as well as English subtitles.The lone extra feature on the disc is a Theatrical Trailer -LRB- length
 I loved this film ! A Young Redford was a treat , and Fonda was adorable ! Although no substantial plot , the movie was propelled by the humor of Paul 's befuddlement with Corie 's precariousness and she his conservativeness . Redford slips into the lovable drunk , and she the concerned wife . Terrific supporting characters in Natwick 's Ethel and Boyer 's Victor .
 `` Barefoot in the Park '' always puts me in mind of our honeymoon and first apartment which was a 3rd floor walk up . If you are young or just young at heart it is a movie well worth your time .
 Who can forget the stairway scenes ! Which , without a doubt , is the heart of the movie . From the first victim -LRB- Herb Edelman , the telphone repairman -RRB- who have to climb the stairs to get to the apartment , to the rooftop drama , this movie delivers the laughs . Fonda and Redford make a good team . This is definitely a laugh-a-minute movie .
 This is a classic . Its funny , but just a really good story . Highly recommend . And Jane Fonda is at her pretiest .
 I thought of this movie often while living my first 6 months in Vilnius in a cold , dank apartment , impatiently waiting for Spring to arrive . I finally broke down and bought `` Barefoot in the Park '' on DVD and was n't disappointed . This movie has aged well , thanks in large part to Jane Fonda 's wholehearted performance . Redford , unfortunately , looked sadly out of place . The movie bounces bouyantly along on the strength of Jane 's indomitable will , aided by wonderful performances from Charles Boyer and Mildred Natwick . At film 's end you wonder why Corrie still has anything to do with her deadbeat husband . Redford looks positively goofy dancing barefoot in the park , but you just have to imagine he has a good heart .
 I do n't really have a review for the dvd itself , it 's a review of the movie . Robert Redford is hilarious and it 's one that everyone should have . Talk about a picture of new marriage !
 I enjoyed the movie very much . It arrived on time and in new condition.Thank you.R.E . Pope
 This DVD was received as promised . It was a gift . Very satisfied with your service .
 The very funny and very true story of a newly-married couple in New York in the late 1960 's . Barefoot , which made Robert Redford famous , features the lovely Jane Fonda , as well as french actor Charles Boyer.Extremely funny , very well played , eccentric , original , charming , this is great entertainment .
 this is one of the best comedies ever . jane and robert are awesomely funny . both are incredibly sexy together . i watch it over and over and never get tired of it . i only wish it were on dvd . the neil simon dialog is incredible -- very witty and clever . it does not disappoint .
 A charming , fun movie ! The classic and funny story of young newlyweds is a timeless tale with a wonderful sense of humor . Robert Redford and Jane Fonda are enviably young and in love , and watching them acclamate to married life is hilarious ! A must see and one of Neil Simon 's best !
 Enjoyable and funny movie with classic stars and two stars to-be -LRB- Redford and Fonda -RRB- !
 I watched this movie several times . Each time I watched it , I became more and more enchanted with it . It is very fast-paced and funny , and Robert Redford and Jane Fonda are charming enough to make me reconsider my bachelorhood . It is one of the weirdest movies I have watched in a while , but that is what makes it awesome .
 He is so good looking in this film . It was well-written and is hilarious . I love to watch it often .
 Whether your in a relationship or not , married or not - this is a great movie that highlights the dynamic nature of a loving relationship - both the highs and lows in a funny , yet very realistic depiction of a newly wed couple . Both Redford and Fonda do an excellent job in their portrayal of love and the challenges that come along with committment.Will definately be watching this one again soon !
 She is a scatter brain . He is a starched collar . They get along and he is sooooo flexable . The neighbors and relatives add to the FUNNY !
 The animated title sequence was added to the film by the American distributors/producers -LRB- Martin Ransohoff -RRB- . That is probably why it is not on the dvd edition , being it is the directors ' cut . There were various other items that the American producers did to the film , including speeding up some sequences to look like `` Keystone Cops '' segments and dubbing the original voices with different dialog lines , because at the time , the studio did n't know what to make of a comic horror film and how to market it .
 Not much to add to the other positive reviews . This is a favorite goofball flick and fits in neatly with a lot of the wonderfully screwy stuff that was being made in the mid-60s like `` The President 's Analyst , '' `` The Great Race , '' or Bava 's dazzling `` Planet of the Vampires . '' Something others have n't noted though
 Roman Polanski has directed several brilliant films such as Rosmary 's Baby -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , Chinatown -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , and the Pianist -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . When analyzing Polanski 's films they are mostly serious , dark , and realistic . Fearless Vampire Killers on the other hand is a film that balances between the serious and absurd , which gives the film a very dry humor . This could affect the audience 's perception of the film as the humor never brings belly-aching laughter , or even a chuckle . Nevertheless , Polanski flirts with the audience through the atmosphere in which the story takes place as there are serious social restrictions on what to express and what not to express in a timely fashion.The story takes place in the Transylvanian Mountains where Professor Abronsius -LRB- Jack MacGowran -RRB- has set out with his assistant Alfred -LRB- Roman Polanski -RRB- to prove that vampires do exist . Professor Abronsius arrives frozen to a small town and as he thaws in a small local inn he discovers clues that supports his theory of vampires ' existence . However , the locals are noticeably uncooperative to the Professor 's questions of vampire activities.The locals almost seem to be ashamed of having a deadly monster crawling in their midst . It could be that this shame is what keeps them silent in regards to the presence of a bloodsucking monster that wants to feed on their children and family members , along with their inability to deal with the monster themselves . It appears that the locals want to deal with these issues but seem to be incapable of doing it themselves as two newcomers , Professor Abronsius and Alfred have to do the dirty work of the small town.Polanski playfully directs the film as he teases the audience with a sexy , yet a comically created horror theme . For example , Alfred falls in love with Sarah -LRB- Sharon Tate -RRB- , the innkeeper 's daughter , to whom he displays his inner desires . The sexual tension in the film is exceedingly obvious , yet the people are overtly awkward in the way they handle the sexual issues . The sexual issues bring a muffled silence to the towns folks much like the silence they keep in the presence of vampire issues . This supports the notion that the vampires function as a social contraceptive , i.e. , vampires existence are socially symbiotic to the family unit as it protects the family through fear and feed on the family blood . This of course has a symbolic meaning as it reflects the society 's different views of sexual issues.The film offers not so much laughter , or horror , but it offers some interesting notions to ponder as the film deals with fear and sexual issues . The issues are hidden underneath the surface , yet they are thrown at the audience with deliberate intention by Polanski . In the end the film offers a decent cinematic experience , which will offer some room for amusement and contemplation.A tragic side note that should also be mentioned is that Polanski fell in love with Tate during the production of the film . They got married soon after the film was released . However , their marriage came to a dreadful end when the Manson family murdered Sharon Tate two years after the films release .
 I remember first seeing this film when I was 10 in 1972 on the telly . It was somewhat terrifying to me then as a child , but it was a film I could n't forget once I realised that it was only a film . This is n't your basic Dracula film and that is what is great about it . It is different . Do n't take the comedy too seriously as it is rather off beat in spots . It is more amusing than funny . This is a good nostalgia film from the 60 's with a great music score and some wonderful sets . It 's great for snowy nights .
 Late one night many years ago I had the pleasure of watching the great Roman Polanski vampire film . Now , many years later , I have added the complete and uncut edition to my collection.This tongue-in-cheek begins with Professor Abronsius and his assistant -LRB- Polanski -RRB- arriving in Transylvania . The professor , who has one of the silliest mustaches of all time , is researching the legends of vampires . He is convinced that they really exist and that he can eliminate them . Shortly after their arrival it becomes apparent that there are indeed strange creatures about . All of the evidence convinces the professor that his suspicions are correct.When the inn they are staying in is hit by a vampire the two journey to a bleak castle . There they encounter the local lord , who is a vampire . The lord and the professor hit it off quite well as both are men -LRB- ahem -RRB- of learning . During the day the professor and his assistant search for the vampires tomb . They find it but are unable to dispatch the creatures and wind up losing all of their tools in the process . Then night falls.With the fall of night the two become targets and must avoid their vampiric hosts . then they make a startling discovery . There are more vampires in the castle than just the lord and his son . There is a graveyard filled with generations of bloodsuckers . As the vampires hold an annual ball at which they will feast on a number of locals , the professor and his prot&eacute;g&eacute;e manage to make off with one of the victims and successfully flee into the night pursued by a hunchback sledding in a coffin.The film then ends with a very dark note . The woman they have saved makes the complete transition to vampire while they are fleeing and she bites the young assistant . It is in this way that the bumbling Professor Abronsius enabled vampirism to spread out of Transylvania into the rest of the world.This edition restores the twenty minutes that were cut out when the film was first released in America . This is an unusual film in that much is communicated through action . The dialogue is rather sparse throughout . But with the almost exaggerated actions of a silent film combined with a haunting score result in a richer movie than had it been full of dialogue . The special effects , what few there are , are quite effective and possibly more effective than current effects . In one scene the vampire killers and the woman they are trying to rescue are leading a dance at the ball . The procession advances towards a mirror and only the three are reflected although dozens are in direct line . Spectacular . The rest of the film uses small dashes of comedy to season an otherwise dark story . This is a true classic among vampire films . If you have not seen it you should .
 The Fearless Vampire Killers Or Pardon Me , But Your Teeth Are In My Neck is simply the best vampire film AND the best horror comedy made so far.The fact that it 's made in the 1960s does not matter in this case - in contrary . Polanski has taken every fantasy we have about vampires - surroundings , landscape , castle , characters - and exaggerated these stereotypes into a such extent that it becomes pure fun . A parody with an unbeatable humour ! And one of the very rare films which succeeds in combining comedy with horror and thereby making both genres better!Highly recommendable !
 Well , I 'm biased regarding this one ... it simply is my all time favorite -LRB- and a traditional X-mas movie for me , believe it or not-must be the winter landscapes -RRB- . Not just as vampire movies go . Although if Vampires is what you 're into , you 'll be more than happy with the delightfully decrepit Krolocks , most notably Ferdy Mayne as the Count . Costumes and scenery are masterfully selected , as is the photography . It 's a Polanski , after all . The movie is comedy , but the scary parts are , well , scary , nonetheless . It is never camp , but always subtle , it will have you chuckling , not slapping your knees , but not groaning , either . Comical and eerie elements come together in visually compelling scenery and sets , underscored by a soundtrack that 'll have you sighing `` They do n't make'em like that anymore . '' You will find much that is unusual in characters you would expect to be cliche , not to mention the conclusion ... but I 'm not telling , of course . This movie will charm you !
 My husband and I have always loved this movie and I am glad to have it in DVD ! The special effects are great !
 This is a rare find.An oldie but a goodie ! It is funny and exciting all at the same time.Roman Polanski is award and niave.His character , I mean.If you like this kind of movie I highly recommend it .
 A great classic , but apparently it is very difficult to pass Blu Ray , but still without elaborating the movie is fine , pass it to dvd is to give longer life , some scenes really move from whether to laugh or be scared , stop me is wonderful to have it in my collection prune ,
 Worth the money and a great DVD . I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to watch a classic !
 A delicious black comedy , with incredible sets and scenery . A very funny take on the whole vampire genre , with even a gay vampire . Some wonderful actors
 This is a great movie . The music alone is worth my paying the price of admission . The cinematographer was Douglas Slocombe , who eventually goes on to do the first three Indiana Jones movies , and the look of this film is somewhat along the lines of a Hammer film , but is richer in detail -- more than likely aided by a production design that will blow your mind . No ... it 's not the funniest of movies . No ... it 's not the best vampire movie . But ... you know what ? It 's pretty darned funny . And how many really good &#34; classic vampire &#34; movies can you name?If I were in a debate , okay ... maybe &#34; objectively &#34; I 'd give it four stars . But , whatever ... I love this movie .
 This is my most favorite vampire movie of all time -LRB- with the possible exception of Van Helsing -RRB- , It puts fun into the gory tales and shows different ethnicities . Any one can get the bite .
 A good and deserved trip into nostalgia . I can reccommend this picture to the ` thinking ' youth of today sadly so caught up in the detritus of so many modern ` fantasy ' films .
 Excellent films , funny , dramatic , and exciteing . You go from the edge of your seatin suspence and horror , to the floor laughing .
 I enjoyed watching Sharon Tate & Roman Polanski together in his film he starred & directed in . This was the movie that originally Roman had Jill St. John up for the part that Tate was given I believe . It took some persuading on Tate 's managers part to convince Polanski to meet with Sharon & ultimately decided to cast her in the part . To me , I wanted to see the interaction between the two to look for any `` magical chemistry '' I might pick up on . This is definitely a '60s made movie & I found it to be campy & enjoyable to watch . Knowing the history of Sharon Tate & her husband to be , I wanted to see a part of history of the romance to come .
 Polanski did a superb job of spoofing Dracula/vampire hunting movies in TFVK . I actually prefer this vampire movie to ones that feature blood and gore . TFVK is one of my favorite vampire flicks ; i put it right up there with BRAM STOKER 'S DRACULA and DRACULA 1979 -LRB- featuring Frank Langella -RRB- . Polanksi plays the bumbling assistant of a dotty old vampire killer . While they contemplate the best way to take down the local vampire , they encounter Sarah , played by Sharon Tate , the innkeeper 's beautiful daughter . Polanski promptly falls in love with her ; little does he know she 's one of the undead!Like many other people , I am drawn to this story because of Sharon Tate and the tragic end her own story would come to a handful of years after this film was released ...
 What makes this film stand out from other horror comedies ? It is more scairy , but still has an uproarious sense of humor . Even masterpeices like `` Young Frankinstine '' and `` Abbott and Costello Meet Frankinstine '' , can not top this classic . The plot is simple . A pair of bumbling idiots Professor Abnorsis and his student Alferd set out to kill a bunch of vampires . There is a funny scene in the day time in this movie -LRB- if you watch it , you will find out what it is -RRB- . It was a change for Roman Poloski certinly . Watch this movie , it is not to be missed !
 First time I saw this film in the early seventies in a then popular cinema of my village , I was scared to death each time someone opened the mouth showing the vampire teeth and specially caught me the scene when Alfred and his uncle crossed the hall under its uggly and menacing paintings . I felt the same fear as Alfred . Of course I was a little boy and that was the first time I knew about vampires.The film is plenty of comical moments and strange characters :1 . The guard of the cryp and kind of butler is a grotesque character with a grotesque candelabrum that seems an extension of his body2.The innkeeper is a lecherous but welcoming man . He is very careful with his guests and always try not to make any noise when he close their room door .3 . The fat landlady bonhomie change on an angry way each time discovers his husband has runned away from their marriage bed to go to the room of their young maid ; and she get up to chase him . By the way she has aptitudes and a peculiar and strident voice when she cry out.Count Von Krolock was playing chess -LRB- alone !? perhaps studying the best ways to win -RRB- when professor and his nephew arrived . Could he end the game ? ... -LRB- sic -RRB- ... I only see an error to comment
 The Greatest spoof on Vampire movies ever ! Two goofball vampire hunters roam Transylvania in search of Vapires . They finally come upon the gothic castle of Count Von Krolock to rescue the beautiful girl , Sarah.The cast is great , Jack Macgowran as the goofy Professor Abronsius , Roman Polanski as his loyal assistant Alfred , and Ferdy Mayne as Count Von Krolock . The scenery is beautiful with the snow , Macgowran and Polanski are so great together as Professor and student that they are just like Laurel And Hardy.The only extra here is a promo film starring the Great British Actor Max Wall as a Dimwitted Professor telling the audience how to destroy vampires . It runs about 10 minutes and the professor is pestered by a bat and a Dracula like vampire in a coffin.This is a film for the ages , everyone should see this who wants to laugh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I think it is good to know that the DVD has also the German and the Italian audio track , not only English and French . I was very pleased . Thank you ! - But why did ' t they give that information on the cover ?
 great combinations to make a good horror movie were offered in this flick , ferdy mayne played a good believeable '' prussian ` vampire from the late 1700 's , and awakens with modern late 1800 's people coming to his castle.jack mcgowan as the bubbling professor , his character could have made for a movie series sorta like on the take of thenight stalker series ... sharon tate ... very hot . . !!
 This is a great spoof of vampire movies . It 's quite funny , albeit slightly boring . I do love this movie though . I 'd also like to recommend the musical based on this movie , `` Tanz der Vampire . ''
 This tongue in cheek horror spoof is wonderfully distracting -LRB- Sharon Tate comes to mind here - . WoW.stunning.It is also hilarous throughout . The film is very atmospheric and the set designs -LRB- castle roof top scenes and the castle itself for example - though there are many ! -RRB- are just wonderful and very convincing . Not to mention the beautiful soundtrack which will remain with you long after the movie ends . Comes highly recommended !
 This film was a great spoof , with pretty good performances by Jack McGowran and Roman Polanski , and a very good music score that really pulls you into the mood of the piece . I had previously seen a shorter edited version which was confusing and not well paced , so it 's refreshing to see the movie in a longer form and more complete . This movie has to have one of the all-time funniest gay vampires . A must-see just for that .
 Well before director Roman Polanski made such classic films as `` Chinatown '' and `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' his first American feature was this bizarre 1967 horror-comedy called `` The Fearless Vampire Killers , '' which finally makes a long overdue DVD debut.Jack MacGowran plays Professor Abronsius , a bumbling , low-rent Van Helsing who , with his timid assistant Alfred -LRB- played by a wide-eyed Polanski -RRB- , journeys to a remote Transylvanian village to investigate Count von Krolock -LRB- Ferdy Mayne -RRB- , a cunning vampire.The movie is both a sprawling , surprisingly scary parody of the old Hammer horror films and a goofy , uneven , swinging 60s comedy -LRB- its alternate title , `` Pardon Me , Your Teeth Are In My Neck '' was foisted on Polanski by the studio but ... it does match the tone of some of the humor -RRB- . In the end , scariness wins out for a lot of reasons
 This movie is brilliant . Polanski 's style is refreshing . McGowran -LRB- plays the director of the movie within the Exorcist -RRB- plays his bumbling Einsteinesque character with great enthusiasm ... . funny and full of great lines ... . the count is creepy fun . Great film . Everyone should buy it right now please .
 This film is my all time favourite - the best characters for mebeing the wayward inn keeper and his sausage brandishing wife ! Thewhole thing from start to finish is tremendously funny - and I absolutely love it - a classic in the spoof genre ! The bumbling attempts of the Professor and his hapless assistant are hilarious and the settings are breathtaking.The soundtrack is great also - adds to the whole atmosphere and spoof quality of the film . Watch it and laugh !!!
 What I like most about this film
 Months ere Robert Evans lured him to the New World to collaborate with aging B-lord William Castle in production of his breakthrough horror classic , Roman Polanski somehow cajoled Filmways and Cadre to bankroll this charming , deranged , visually sumptuous pasquinade of vampire flicks . Requisite dapper , diabolical , debonaire Count Krolock -LRB- Ferdy Mayne -RRB- is the film 's sole straight man , foil to every other ludicrous player . As peckish as ever , a bewigged , mustachioed Jack MacGowran plays bumbling Van Helsing simulacrum Prof. Abronsius , and adorably elfin Polanski his craven adjunct , Alfred . A lifespan 's research delivers the maladroit pair to a remote , garlic-bedecked lodging house in rural Transylvania , where its libidinous proprietor -LRB- Alfie Bass -RRB- fails with feigned ignorance to dissuade them in their search for ghastly sanguinarians , and his gorgeous daughter -LRB- Sharon Tate -RRB- provokes Arthur 's ardor forthwith . Professing aspirations of global dominion , the Count hesitates not a moment before sampling and stealing away with this choicest peach , investigatory foreigners in pursuit and imperiled at least so much by their own ineptitude as the Count 's malignance!In sight , it 's a magnificent picture
 As a young man of 9 or 10 years old there was a TV show that came on Saturday nights at 11:30 pm called Creature Features . I would sneak out of bed and go into the living room and watch the old horror classics . The night that this movie came on was one of my best experiences of my childhood . I had never been truly scared by a movie up until that point , but something about this movie got to me that night and it has been my favorite vampire movie every since . Polanski , while I find him personally vile , made a masterpiece of film that has remained largely unknown by most horror fans . It is well worth the money to add this flick to you collection . Especially if the old school Scifi/Horror movies makes you want to stay up late with the lights off and some fresh popcorn .
 Very good comedic take on Dracula/vampire saga ... period costumes good , although could do without the fake looking show.You have to feel sorry for Roman considering what happened to him .
 I first saw this film on tv a couple of years after it was released . I 've always been a fan of horror films since i was a kid , so naturally I approached this film with that mindset the first time I saw it . It was probably thirty years until I saw it again , with a more mature eye , and it struck me very differently . Most of the reviewers here and elsewhere address the comedic aspect of this movie . That is the main focus , of course , but there is much more to it . Polanski , though born in France , knows how the poorer people live out in the east European countryside ; this shows in Shagal 's inn scenes and adds authenticity . The sets and settings throughout are gorgeously intricate and engrossing , as is the musical score.The thing that really grabs me is the underlying creepiness inherent in the film . The count is powerful and sinister without overtly trying to be ; the exterior and interior castle shots are stunning . Beneath every comedic scene is an undertone of malevolence that makes you feel uneasy . I sometimes wish that Polanski had made this as a pure horror movie rather than a comedy ; it certainly has the foundation for it . As a comedy it is a bit weak , and ca n't be compared to `` Young Frankenstein '' -LRB- which I also love -RRB- . It could have stood out as a classic horror movie , rather than being relegated to the cheap comedy bin as it has been by so many reviewers.Just a wonderfully quirky , different sort of film , worth seeing and owning if you are a fan of the genre at all .
 Polanski showcases himself and his wife , the late beautiful Sharon Tate in this quirky yet horrific vampire movie . Of the 60 's period , costumes , hairstyles , etc. , lend themselves to the whole of a quite original storyline for the time!Who does n't love the 60 's ? In a true deliberate style signatured to Polanski , we follow the trials of an innocent yet determined and committed student of a professional slayer that find themselves in the midst of a village dominated by a nearby lair . Rejoice , revel , review the 1960 's in this most original never duplicated Vampire movie . Sharon Tate , immortalized in `` Valley of the Dolls '' but elevated to Goddess in this role !
 This is a good movie for that type of genre . I bought this for a movie fan and she really liked it . I 'd seen it before and it is kind of funny ! lol
 I 've always loved this movie from the first time I saw bits of it in the mid-seventies upon waking up mid-movie while it played on the late late show ! For the longest time I did n't know what the movie was called and found it hard to describe it to people when I would try to find an answer . It was such and is still quite the twisted movie ! This movie has committed to celluloid a very playful take on the Vampire saga . I would n't want to give much away , but if you like Mel Brooks ' movie ` Young Frankenstein ' as I stated in the title of this review , you 'll probably enjoy this movie as well . I think that Roman Polanski did a great job both behind and in front of the camera . If your looking for some fun and fluff wrapped in a comedic Vampire movie , noone has out done this silly bit of cinema . Take care and enjoy !
 This is one of the best vampire movies ever and definitely THE best comedy dealing with this topic . The story begins with two very unlikely heroes -LRB- the Professor and his servant Albert -RRB- arriving to a village in Transylvania , where they hope find the proof of the existence of the vampires , something they both were after for years . And they will find it , no problem!Polanski made here one of his best movies . He however refused just to accumulate gags - rather he made the WHOLE movie in an enormous joke , in which most of the characters are actually trying to be very serious , which only amplifies the irresistible comic effect . Both `` Vampire killers '' are extremely committed to their mission - and totally unable to perform it ! The vampires are shown not really like monsters but more like a kind of dysfunctional - but still very close - family . In fact the scariest character in the movie is the human servant of the vampires , the disfigured handicapped Kukol , who actually is really serious about his business.Some of the gags are totally irresistible - the Jewish vampire is possibly the greatest delight , but the gay vampire who has a crush on Albert -LRB- played by Polanski -RRB- is also irresistible . Also , Sharon Tate is incredibly beautiful in this movie , her last , before being murdered ... which gives a sad after taste to the whole experience of watching it . The music , written by the great Polish composer , Krzysztof Komeda , himself also tragically deceased soon after , is unique and in itself worth to listen , even separately from the movie . Finally , the landscapes and decorations are stunning - it is the most vampiric decorum I ever saw in a vampire movie.Really , this film is a delight , to see and remember .
 While I enjoy THE FEARLESS VAMPIRE KILLERS quite a bit , it 's downright eerie watching the late Sharon Tate turning into an undead ! Knowing the story of her demise adds a strange flavor to the otherwise comedic proceedings . Seeing her w / Roman Polanski only makes things more sorrowful . Still , as vamp-comedies go , TFVK is one of the best . Everyone does a great job here , especially Alfie Bass -LRB- from TV 's ARE YOU BEING SERVED ? -RRB- as the unfortunate dad of Ms. Tate 's character . His antics are hilarious ! I also love the Count and his pompous son ! Enjoy ...
 Director Roman Polanski 's masterfully brilliant , `` the Fearless Vampire Killers , '' -LRB- 1966 -RRB- is a loving tribute to earlier Hammer Studios horror films , ala ' , `` The Horror of Dracula , '' it 's sequels , plus a multitude of other Vampire films the studio released . `` The Fearless Vampire Killers '' is in my opinion , the first modern day horror/comedy , or should I say , comedy/horror ? Sure , you had earlier films like `` Abbott & Costello Meet Frankenstein , '' `` Ghost Breakers , '' `` the Old Dark House -LRB- both versions -RRB- , '' even `` the Munsters '' & '' The Adams Family '' on TV . These films were geared more towards a younger audience , both in their horror & comedy , where '' the Fearless Vampires Killers '' is a much more adult & sophisticated in it 's comedy & horror , but that is not to say it ca n't appeal to most age groups today in this environment . `` The Fearless Vampire Killers '' is about the bumbling adventure of professor Abronsius -LRB- Jack MacGowran , -LRB- Jack MacGowran , `` Exorcist '' - `` There 's a alien pubic hair in my gin . '' -RRB- & his assistant , Alfred , played by director Roman Polanski , looking for Vampires in Transylvania . Professor Abronsius is a expert on the bat , & has wrote a paper on the existence of Vampires , but is the laughingstock of his peers , so off he & Alfred go to Transylvania to prove the existence of Vampires & exterminate their plague . These two are so hilariously inept , that they make Abbott & Costello look like Batman & Robin!The movie starts out with a sleigh ride in the snowy forested mountains of Transylvania , with wild dogs chasing them . Alfred beats them off , while professor Abronsius sleeps , or at least we think he is sleeping , but when they get to their destination , a boarding house inn , the professor is frozen solid , something that happens quite easily to him . Once thawed out at the boarding house , they find garlic hung all over , as the professor smiles & points at all the cloves hung up & asks about the garlic , but to no avail , & our story starts . -LRB- Spoilers -RRB- `` The Fearless Vampire Killers '' is just filled with one hilarious scene after another . Especially funny is the scene stealing , Shagal , the innkeeper , played by Alfie Bass ! When Shagal is n't ogling his female maid , Magda , or sneaking in to her room only to be rejected by her & hunted down by his 400 pound wife , Rebecca , he is kicking his beautiful daughter Sarah -LRB- Sharon Tate -RRB- out of the bath tub , as she takes two or three baths a day ! Sarah taking her ritual bath is attacked & kidnapped by head Vampire , Count von Krolock , played with great tongue in fang by Ferdy Mayne . She 's whisked off to the Counts Castle . Shagal goes out to rescue her , but is himself turned in to a Vampire , a Jewish Vampire , which leads to one of the funniest scenes in the movie , as Shagal goes up to his maids room , Magda , to bite her & she pulls out a cross , `` Oiee , oiee ! You got the wrong Vampire , '' Shagal giggles & feigns off the cross with a gesture of his hands.All this eventual leads our dynamic duo , professor Abronsius & Alfred to the Counts castle to kill the Count & save Sarah . Here Alfred meets up with the Count 's son , Herbert von Krolock , who takes a shine to Alfred . Yes , the first gay Vampire in movies ! Alfred does not know if he is more horrified that the Counts son is a Vampire , or gay , that wants to put the bite on him , literally , LOL ! There is a hilarious chase scene between Herbert & Alfred , that just has to be seen to believe ! Later , Count von Krolock describes his son as , '' a sensitive youth , '' & as I said earlier , one hilarious scene after the other ensues ! But , `` The Fearless Vampire Killers '' does have it 's share of down right eerie scenes & a soundtrack that is truly eerie , & in turn , funny at all the right times . A soundtrack that is as original as the movie , & one that is memorable ! The film would only work two thirds as well with out it.True , `` The Fearless Vampire Killers '' could be construed as a comedy with sprinkles of horror , but the two work so seamlessly together , that the film is a part of both genres , as a whole , & truly the first of it 's kind ! Many films have copied it , followed it , but few have matched it , & none have surpassed it . `` The Fearless Vampire Killers '' is just a master work of acting , script , plot , & direction . All the cast members are perfectly cast . It 's cinematography truly amazing ! This is a film that is beautiful to watch ! It 's sets , magnificent ! It 's setting , lonely , eerie , cold , & beautiful ! This film begs a top notch transfer to Blu-ray ! `` The Fearless Vampire Killers winks at you , as it bites your neck , but you do n't mind . If anything , it will be your tummy that hurts from laughter , & not your neck when you watch this film ! 5 Stars = Masterpiece
 This is a hard to find title . Roman Polanski directed his wife Sharon Tate . It is Gothic Vampirism , `` Pardon me but your teeth are in my neck . '' Also called `` The Fearless Vampire Killers . '' Sharon was a victim of the Manson murders , or the Manson Family murders . Many people do n't know what she looked like . Well , she is here and she was beautiful . Roman was young and very handsome in those days too . And he has been a good director ever since his youth . This is indeed a collectible and available on Amazon .
 Roman Polanski stars in his own hilarious spoof on the vampire genre entitled THE FEARLESS VAMPIRE KILLERS . The bumbling Professor Abronsius and his young assistant set off to the snow-capped mountains of Transylvania to stake out its toothy inhabitants , but the two find themselves outnumbered when they land in the middle of a grand vampire ball ! Each of the cast members deliver a series of quirky performances , but while Jack MacGowran 's confident fool of a professor earns many laughs with his physical gags , it is Polanski 's subtle gesturing and soft-spoken humor that wins out in the end . With huge Gothic sets and creeping atmospherics , THE FEARLESS VAMPIRE HUNTERS rivals many of Hammer 's best while creating its own dark mood despite the light tone . This can best be seen in the eerie finale , when the three heroes are discovered casting a reflection in the mirror while surrounded by a ballroom of undead dandies . The off humor and slow pacing may be limiting for many viewers , but Gothic film fans will find this Horror Comedy to be quite the delight.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 This is a classic hillarious movie full of snappy one liners Hunchbacks , ... Vampires and not to mention the late Sharon Tate . If you liked Dracula dead and lving it you 'll love this . Great performnces from Roman Polanski , Sharron Tate and Just about all the rest of the cast.To top it off it also has an incredibly creepy soundtrack .
 I laughed like hell at some parts of this film.Roman Polanski 's a fantastic Actor , as well as being a great director.Sharon Tate is beutifull , even though she does n't have a big part.I do n't have this tape , but remember seeing it years ago on TV.I 'm going to order `` The Fearless Vampire Killers '' today .
 Das war der erste Horrorfilm , den ich als Kind im Kino sah . Im Gegensatz zu `` Tot aber gl&uuml;cklich '' mit Leslie Nielsen ist `` Tanz der Vampire '' eher ein Gruselfilm als eine Kom&ouml;die , wenn auch viele Szenen zum Lachen sind . Gute Szenen : - Schon zu Anfang im Vorspann sieht man Bluttropfen auf psychedelischer Blauer Schrift zu unheimlicher Jazzmusik . - Die erste Szene mit dem eingefrorenen Professor im Gasthaus , wo er wieder aufgetaut werden soll . - Die Rolle Sharon Tates
 A wonderful unique film that transcends genre as it is ostensibly a comedy yet does not betray or undermine it 's spooky/horror theme.It is elegant and moody with great performances all the way around , excellent art production and photography , perfect musical score . There is a campy humorous almost fairytale quality to the film yet it retains an uneasy underlying mood and atmosphere of the dark and occultic . Possibly the best vampire film ever produced .
 Excellant , spoof of the chessy horror films of it 's era . Well casted and directed . Even Polanski himself as Alfred is excellant . Count Von Krolock has the best `` dracula '' voice ... comparable to Bela Lugosi even .
 This is the Mel Brooks spoof of spoofs when it comes to a movie about vampires . I have never laughed so hard in my life and it remains one of my all-time favorite movies in its category . The humor is both subtle and right-in-your-face-side-splitting . I first saw it in a sleepy little theatre in a small town in southern Iowa in the late sixties . It is now on my video shelf at home where it is occasionally watched with friends and family when we desire an especially uproarious treat . You will love it !
 Of all the movies in the whole wide world , this is my ulitmate fave . It 's the most perfect movie ever made . Everything about it is brilliant . Every scene is wonderful . It 's full of atmosphere and magic , in the good old way . It 's scary , it 's funny , it 's the last great movie . - I could go on for days . Just see it , but make sure it 's letterboxed .
 This is one the greatest movies I have ever seen . It blends horror and humor in a way I have not seen since . Great movie for teenagers -LRB- 15 or above -RRB- as well .
 This is one of My Favorite Vampire Movies . It starts out with Professor Abronsius and His only Disciple Alfred Traveling in Transylvania to find Vampires their luck changes for the best when the innkeepers daughter Sarah is Kidnapped by Count Von Krolock a Dracula Like Vampire . The The Professor and his Assistant go to the Castle to Rescue her and thats when the fun beginsThis is on my List of Favorite Vampire MoviesLove at First BiteDracula A.D. 1972Dracula
 I think for the price of the product , it is of very good quality considering the film dates back to the 70 's . Also very impressed with the time it took the package to arrive , as I do not live in the USA . but in Bermuda . Thanks !
 Put this movie on with your girl or your favorite pillow & see the amazing scenery -LRB- filmed on location in Europe , but think Transylvania -RRB- and sound . My favorite scene is in the beginning when they are on the sleigh & the wolves are coming after them . The bells , the howling ... you can almost feel as though you are there . This movie is both scary AND funny , so you ca n't go wrong ... unless your name is Fhat Boxx & only watch Erik Estrada flicks whilst simultaneously sitting around in your furry thong , wearing a welder 's mask & holding a Mr. Destroyer Deluxe with the kung-fu grip ... hATCh `` You can trust me , I 'm an air traffic controller '' ...
 A quirky old Vampyre comedy . Some of the comedy is dated , but it 's a hoot anyhow .
 This an older vampire movie , starring Sharon Tate , which incorporates wonderful scenery with old castles surrounded by snow capped mountains.Unlike the blood and gore horror films of today , this movie offers comic releif , from the gay vampire to the Jewish vampire who laughs when presented with a cross.From the small village to the stone castle , this movie is a visual delight .
 This product arrived very quickly to the location that I had it shipped to ! This was a gift to my dad and he was really excited to get it because you ca n't find this movie anywhere ! Thank you Amazon for always having what I need available !
 Brilliant mixture of humor and horror ... a perfect balance between shocks and laughs . It 's a must if you like to collect classic vampire movies ... !!!
 this is a cool vampire movie it is funny and smart this is up their with `` Love at First Bite '' and the Mel Brooks movie get this it is a little slow but it works
 So said Leonard Maltin of THE FEARLESS VAMPIRE KILLERS and he 's absolutely right.Despite the slapstick , despite the drunken , lecherous vampire still trying to seduce his young maid , despite the flamboyantly gay vampire chasing Polanski in a powder-blue night shirt , FEARLESS is still a horror movie in story and atmosphere . The photography , the sets , the pacing , the creepy music -- it would play as one of the better Hammer films if played straight!I remember loving this movie as a horror movie fan growing up in the 70 's , but the sad realization that Sharon Tate -- who 's so hot , it 's almost supernatural -- meeting the real-life Manson monsters a couple years after this film cast a very dark shadow over the production.For trivia nuts , look for these actors : Jack McGowan , who plays the Professor , went on to appear in START THE REVOLUTION WITHOUT ME and then , finally , THE EXORCIST.Fiona Lewis , the blonde maid , went on to become another total knock-out -LRB- as a redhead -RRB- in a Dr. Phibes film and other appearances in the 70 's . And look fast for Ronald Lacey
 I first saw this film in its truncated version redubbed with the inclusion of a short animated cartoon . It was n't until years later I saw Polanski 's original cut , which took me many years to realize how superior it was . The problem was I had gotten used to the dubbed voices and the additional sound effects added by MGM supervising editor Margaret Booth . This annoying reworking was blamed for many years on Martin Ransohoff , who according to DVD Savant , was on good terms with Polanski . Yet , after getting used to the original version , I can not go back to the Booth version , which now just seems overdone . People have criticized this film as being slow and not funny or not scary , but I beg to differ . The humor ranges from burlesque to dark , and the overall effect of the film is more like a horror fairy tale than a really scary tour-de-force like Polanski 's early Repulsion . What sticks with me the most about this film , however , is the wonderful atmosphere . The whole opening sequence in the Inn recalls Dracula , Horror of Dracula , Brides of Dracula , Vampyr and Nosferatu . In fact , it appears Polanski based the Professor Abronsius character on the doctor from Carl Dreyer 's Vampyr , and Polanski 's Alfred character on the young Hutter from F. W. Murnau 's Nosferatu . Polanski even wears the same style hat . Christopher Komeda 's score perfectly suits the mood , creepy and slightly over the top . And finally , Sharon Tate looked absolutely stunning . My only complaint about the DVD -LRB- which looks good and IS the Polanski version -RRB- is why such a skimpy collection of extras ? I 'm sure there are many critics who would have loved to add a commentary to this film .
 Finally , Pola & ntilde ; ski 's masterpiece gets a decent DVD release -LRB- the only previous one , from Brazil , suffered from horrendous quality -RRB- , with a good transfer but , alas , practically no extras -LRB- primarily a short documentary , `` Vampires 101 '' -RRB- . Based on the information released so far , I only have two complaints - firstly , the imbecilic cover -LRB- this awful doodle looks like `` Le Petit Nicolas '' rather than `` Fearless Vampire Killers '' -RRB- , and secondly , the apparent lack of the maligned animated introduction , made for the butchered cinematic release in USA . Yes , the introduction was horrible , but it should have been included as a bizarre curiosity -LRB- its lack is even more inexplicable considering that the Brazilian DVD * had * it as a bonus feature -RRB- . Still , even if this disc is very poor in extra features , it should at least look nicely , if the Warners ' promise of a restored transfer is true .
 Laugh yourself to death when you 're not crawling under the couch out of fear ... . The movie , a real vampire film complete with more than enough horror , is also a spoof on vampire films . Several scenes come to mind -LRB- from long ago ! -RRB- . First , the beautiful tavern girl bathing as a new vampire , the recently bitten taven owner , bursts through the window . She flashes a crucifix before his eyes and his head darts to the side ... and then he faces her , `` Wrong religion , my dear ! '' Then , the old vampire researcher and his assistant -LRB- Polanski -RRB- enter ` the castle ' and meet the vampire . Researcher and vampire quote their academic sources competitively to each other , the one trying to outdo the other.I gave the film 4 stars instead of 5 because I 'm one of those with a tendency to crawl under the couch ... . The scene with Polanski and the professor crawling around on the roof of the castle is too unforgetable .
 Speaking only as a fan of this movie and not wanting to get into any technical aspects , this is a very charming movie that really deserves better than it 's been treated . While some may deride this as fluff and a showcase for Sharon Tate or , even worse , a mediocre attempt at broad humor by Polanski , it is none of those . It 's clever , witty and very dry in it 's humor . `` Oy , have you got the wrong vampire . '' Teases Shagal.As a nine year old , when this was released , I did not get that at all . But later I noticed this type of causual and sardonic humor was peppered throughout the dialog . You just have to catch it . This movie suffers with a cropped version . Every inch of the screen is used here . From the crowd at the Inn to the vampire 's ball , you need to see this in it 's original format . For years the only available widescreen version has been on laser disc , although a Brazilian DVD has surfaced using the same transfer . Comparing all formats , it 's no wonder fans have been screaming for a decent print of this film . Warners has the masters , so they should be releasing a very good looking DVD.So , a review . A very unique and different vampire movie . Yes , I know , they all say that . But in 1967 , it was . Having nothing to do with Dracula , who 's story had been flogged to death even back then , or horrible family curses , it showed a completely different history of vampirism . This played on a double bill with `` House Of Dark Shadows '' , which scared me to death , and was a great counterpoint to the serious attitude of the legend . Roman Polanski is a very good actor . His scene with the count 's son still kills me to this day . He is also a great director who can work with seasoned actors and get great perfomances from them.Why is this a cult movie and sometimes panned ? Who knows . Perhaps coming after two intense and psychologically dramatic movies this shocked and disappointed people in the same way his Pirates did . Speilberg had his 1941 , which I thought was brillant , so it seems certain expectations are demanded of directors . You ca n't please everyone , so why try ? Because you 're creative and ca n't help yourself . That 's why a movie like Fearless Vampire Killers exsists .
 I have n't seen all of writer/director/actor / producer Roman Polanski 's films , but the ones I have seen have kind of been hit or miss propositions for me . On the one hand I thought Rosemary 's Baby -LRB- 1968 -RRB- to be a wonderfully creepy film , but on the other The Tenant -LRB- 1976 -RRB- while interesting , I thought to be slightly confusing and lacking a strong sense of direction . Chinatown -LRB- 1974 -RRB- is acknowledged by many to be a classic -LRB- to which I 'd agree -RRB- , while The Ninth Gate -LRB- 1999 -RRB- tended to annoy me with a pretentious ambiguity stemming from a European stylization of making a film obtuse and inaccessible to audiences ... of course , these are all just my own , personal opinions , which really do n't mean squat in the grand scheme of things ... at the end of the day one should really draw their own conclusions based on their own , personal experiences . As far as the film The Fearless Vampire Killers or Pardon Me , But Your Teeth Are in My Neck -LRB- 1967 -RRB- goes , I enjoyed it as it served to reaffirmed something which I already knew ... whether you like Polanski 's films or not , his features are so very individualistic , rarely transgressing on each other , displaying his immeasurable talents , vision , and his ability to adapt to a wide range of material . Co-written by G&eacute;rard Brach -LRB- Repulsion -RRB- and Polanski -LRB- the latter also directed and starred -RRB- , the film features performances by Jack MacGowran -LRB- Tom Jones , Doctor Zhivago -RRB- , Alfie Bass -LRB- The Lavender Hill Mob -RRB- , Ferdy Mayne -LRB- Where Eagles Dare , The Vampire Lovers -RRB- , Iain Quarrier -LRB- Cul-de-sac -RRB- , and Sharon Tate -LRB- Valley of the Dolls -RRB- , who would later marry Polanski about a year prior to her murder -LRB- and that of their unborn child -RRB- at the hands of Charles Manson and his cult followers.As the film opens , it 's a moonlit night , and we see a horse drawn sled traveling down a snowy road , the occupant of the sled being the driver , Professor Abronsius -LRB- MacGowran -RRB- , and the Professor 's assistant Alfred -LRB- Polanski -RRB- , who , on the surface , appear to be a pair of buffoons , but in such a way where the same buffoonery that gets them into trouble , also get them out , illustrated throughout the story . Seems the Professor , who has long since been labeled ` a nut ' by his once colleagues , is traveling the Transylvanian countryside in order to further his knowledge about vampires and their ilk . After arriving at a small village and availing themselves of the services of the local inn , telltale signs abound with regards to the presence of vampire activity within the area ... the interiors of the inn are decorated with strings of garlic cloves , a hunchback arrives at the inn to collect supplies , and so on ... and sure enough , not soon after their arrival , the innkeeper 's daughter Sarah -LRB- Tate -RRB- is abducted , her father killed -LRB- and subsequently turned -RRB- while searching for her , and the boys are off to a nearby castle in order to find her , the Professor with an eye towards proving the theories which he 's read , and Alfred more so because he 's become smitten with the girl . They eventually do find the castle , along with its master , in that of Count von Krolock -LRB- Mayne -RRB- , along with the Count 's very effeminate son Herbert -LRB- Quarrier -RRB- ... quite the aristocratic pair they are ... the Professor and Alfred find themselves guests of the Count and learn of a grand gala approaching , one to be held within the castle , a sort of cadaverous celebration where the boys may not only be the guests of honor , but also the main course ... I 've given some details about the plot , but there 's really no way what I 've written displays all the wonderful aspects inherent within the story and the film itself . There is just so much going on at any one point one could watch this film a number of times and still see something new each viewing . One of the aspects that impressed me the most , from the beginning and throughout the film , was the extensive amount of detail and attention to creating a complete sense of putting the viewer within the context of the story . It 's like a fairy tale come to life . The period sets and pieces are exquisitely beautiful and intricate , featuring a serious eye towards detailing , as are the props , costumes , backdrops , etc. . There 's just such a pervasive feel to the entire film in terms of providing the appropriate gothic setting , something that used to be a common factor in both Hammer and Universal horror productions during their respective heydays ... and keep in mind , this is supposed to a mixing of comedy and horror . And when I say comedy , I do n't mean the laugh out kind -LRB- there is a good deal of slapstick , but that 's not the specific humor I 'm talking about here -RRB- , but a slinky , subtle type of humor blended as well as I 've ever seen in a cross genre film . A perfect example of this delicate melding comes in the sequence when Alfred , while searching the castle rooms for Sarah , accidentally walks in on the Count 's dandy of a son Herbert . The comic touches in Herbert 's coy advances soon erupt into an explosion of fanged violence that results in a Keystone Cops type chase through the castle . Another one of my favorite sequences is when the Count and his son are preparing to retire to their ornate coffins prior to the sun rising , aided by their hunchbacked manservant Koukol . After they get settled in -LRB- and boxed up -RRB- , here comes Shagal -LRB- Bass -RRB- , the once innkeeper now vampire , dragging his meager pine box into the crypts with the intent of also settling in for the day . Koukol , seeing this as an affront to his masters , proceeds to unceremoniously drag the coffin , which Shagal is now sitting in , down to the stables , as that 's a seemingly more appropriate setting from someone of his class , with Shagal weakly protesting the entire way . The performances are strong all around , particularly that of Count von Krolock , played by Mayne . He embodies the aristocratic and sinister features one would expect from his character , along with including enough distinctions to separate his character from those of his cinematic ilk . Another wonderful aspect is the original music provided by regular Polanski collaborator and composer Krzysztof Komeda . It 's suave , sophisticated , spooky , enchanting , oft times understated , and compliments film without actually drawing away from the visuals . All in all this is perhaps one of the best crafted films I 've seen straddling two genres that normally do n't play well together , and worth a look for those who can appreciate the expertise involved . In terms of contemporary artists , I might compare this to the better outings by individuals like Terry Gilliam or Tim Burton.Presented on this DVD is the original version of the film , the one seen by European audiences . Apparently , prior to the film 's American release , MGM had mangled it pretty well , removing about ten minutes , adding a new opening sequence , and hacking the soundtrack to pieces , which might explain why it did n't do as well here as it did overseas . The anamorphic widescreen -LRB- 2.35:1 -RRB- does looks very good , but there does seem room for improvement . The Dolby Digital 2.0 mono audio comes through clean . As far as extras , there 's a theatrical trailer for the film -LRB- also presented in 2.35:1 aspect ratio , along with a comical vintage featurette titled The Fearless Vampire Killers
 `` The Fearless Vampire Killers '' is producer/director/screenwriter / actor Roman Polanski 's comedic rendition of Bram Stoker 's `` Dracula '' legend . The bumbling Professor and his timid assistant Alfred -LRB- played by Roman Polanski -RRB- travel to Transylvania to study vampires . The Professor and Alfred rest at an inn festooned with garlic . That evening , the innkeeper 's daughter -LRB- played by the * stunningly beautiful * Sharon Tate -RRB- is kidnapped by the Count -LRB- played with a characterization combining elements of Christopher Lee and Peter Cushing -RRB- . The distraught innkeeper -LRB- played with a Zero Mostel characterization -RRB- runs out into the night to rescue his kidnapped daughter and never returns alive . The Professor and Alfred seek the Count 's castle . The Count invites the Professor and Alfred to stay at his castle and to study in his library . The Professor and Alfred agree , they learn that the Count and his flock are planning a formal dress ball , and the real fun begins ... This film 's scenic vistas and its theatrical sets are impressive -- they are complex , ornate , and convey a somber atmosphere . And Sharon Tate 's beauty is impressive -- previously an unknown actress , this film gave general public recognition to Sharon Tate . Roman Polanski was involved in * all * aspects of this film 's production , and his quality touch is visible throughout the film.It is ironic that this film 's plot revolves around Sharon Tate 's kidnapping by the Count and his flock . After this film was released , Sharon Tate and her real life friends were murdered in their home by members of the Charles Manson family .
 An excellent spoof of classic vampire movies . The style will remind you of some old or silent movie . The characters are almost cartoonish . Especially the Professor . Roman Polanski did a great job with Sharon Tate in this campy comedy . In parts it is spooky , and in others very comical . Sometimes it is even very sensual . A movie well worth seeing if you enjoy vampire movies , but especially if you like comedies . Since this was made in the Sixties it will seem a little low tech when it comes to special effects.It makes up for it in being fun to watch with friends and lovers . The pace of the movie is good and the music is a good match with the action . The costumes are well done and some of the set pieces at the castle are excellent . The quality of the transfer is excellent . The colors are vibrant and the sound is clear . A pity the DVD does not include interviews of Polanski or Tate . It does include a featurette vintage making of `` The Fearless Vampire Killers '' . I owned the VHS and I am glad to have it on DVD .
 Hardtimes have hit the vampire community . Count Krolock -LRB- Ferdy Mayne -RRB- has had to resort to kidnapping to feed his flock . When traveling vampire hunter Professor Abronsius -LRB- the delightfully silly Jack MacGowran who also was in `` The Exorcist '' and `` Doctor Zhivago '' -RRB- and his inept assistant Alfred -LRB- Polanski -RRB- stumble upon the village near Krolock 's castle , they 're forced into action to save the innkeeper 's daughter Sarah -LRB- Sharon Tate -RRB- . Since Alfred is smitten with the girl he braves the vampire 's lair with the good doctor in tow . The good news ... the know where the girl has been taken . The bad news ... theres a lot of vampires between them and the girl.A delightful satire of Hammer horror films , `` The Fearless Vampire Killers '' becomes a comedy of errors from the very first moment . While it 's funny , it also has some genuinely chilling moments mixed in with the comedy . Filled with wonderful performances from a very funny script by Polanski Gerard Brach -LRB- `` Jean de Florette '' , `` The Name of the Rose '' , `` Tess '' -RRB- the wonderful cinematography of Douglas Slocombe -LRB- `` Raiders of the Lost Ark '' -RRB- and artful direction of Polanski will keep you entertained.The print looks pretty good overall although there clearly has been some fading of the original negative and a color shift as well . Warner did n't use any digital filters to eliminate the analog defects of the original negative/print used here . There not a huge problem but evident . The mono soundtrack does n't have quite the presence it should although it does n't sound bad by any means . It just sounds ... tinny . Perhaps a bit more compression would have beefed up the sound a bit for modern systems . It 's not all that big a deal . The animated menu is delightful incorporating the original poster art.I first saw `` The Fearless Vampire Killers '' on a late night broadcast by CBS -LRB- the very same place I also got my first ... taste . . of `` Dracula Has Risen from the Grave '' and other Hammer horrors -RRB- . I do n't recall any animated opening titles for the film when I first saw it -LRB- perhaps that was the British release -RRB- so including them would have been a nice extra . Although it would probably be too much to ask Polanski to do a commentary track -LRB- given Sharon Tate 's brutal murder by the Manson clan almost three years later -RRB- , there are members of the cast still around who could have done a commentary track . The short vintage featurette provides an interesting glimpse into the making of the movie . There 's no booklet included.All in all , I 'm happy that the film is finally available on DVD after all these years . It was delightful then and still is after all these years . If you 'd like to watch a very funny horror movie with a bit of slapstick added to the mix , I 'd suggest fearlessly taking a bite out of this classic film .
 This film is wonderful , a true classic , and I 'm glad to see that it is finally being released on dvd.Polanski set out to make a spooky , spoofy fairy tale and he fully succeeded . The production values are excellent . Visually the film is dazzling , it is full of breathtaking snowscapes and eerie , elaborate sets . The music score by Polish jazz composer Christopher Komeda -LRB- who also scored Polanski 's Rosemary 's Baby , and Knife in the Water -RRB- is the best ever composed for a horror film . Full of soaring , wailing voices Komeda?s spooky score sets the tone of the film marvelously.The cast is great , especially Jack MacGowran and Polanski as the bumbling vampire killers . British character actor Ferdy Mayne is a wonderful vampire count , and Sharon Tate is beautiful and funny as the dizzy heroine , Sarah.This will be a delight for all viewers who are cool enough to appreciate the film 's unique charm . It is -LRB- as one would expect of Polanski -RRB- definitely a one-of-a-kind jewel , and successful on every level.I love the cover art . I 'm glad to see they are using the cool cartoon from the film 's original poster and ad campaign . Good for Warners .
 I first watched this film on the television at Christmas in about 1982 -LRB- under the title `` Dance Of The Vampires '' -RRB- , and even then , as a 12 year-old , was impressed by this superior vampire ` caper ' . The film starts with a beautifully haunting score -LRB- by the late Christopher Komeda -RRB- and the arrival of a pair of intrepid vampire killers to a Transylvanian Inn . Throughout the film , the viewer is treated to a visual and musical feast , enhanced by brilliant acting from the likes of Ferdy Mayne , Jack MacGowran , Alfie Bass , and of course , Iain Quarrier as the token gay vampire ! The enchanting qualities of Sharon Tate as the inn-keeper 's young daughter , Sara , add to the overall enjoyment of the film ; which , in my opinion , is easily the best vampire and/or Polanski movie to date .
 Hilarious spoof of vampire films , particularly towards the Hammer Studio versions , director Roman Polanski also wrote and starred , proving his versatility . He plays Alfred , assistant of Professor Abronsius -LRB- Jack MacGowran -RRB- , a vampire `` killer '' -LRB- before `` slayer '' came into vogue -RRB- . They arrive in an isolated Slovianian village , having been informed of a presence of a bloodsucking cult . After meeting the voluptuous Sarah -LRB- Sharon Tate -RRB- , the daughter of the innkeeper -LRB- Alfie Bass -RRB- , the young assistant is smitten , and , in true Polanski vision , becomes mildly obsessed and voyeuristic . While on their hunt , Alfred witnesses Jewish vampire Count von Krolock -LRB- Ferdy Mayne -RRB- attack the comely maiden in her bubble bath , and whisk her away to his castle . Alfred and Abronsius pursue him , and in an elaborate attempt to rescue Sarah from being initiated into the cult , they pose as members during a sort of `` dawn of the dead '' ball with a wonderful mirror sequence . To complicate matters , the count 's gay son , Herbert -LRB- Iain Quarrier , priceless -RRB- develops a crush on the young Alfred . Humorous , enjoyable farce ; try for Polanski 's original cut at 107 min ; beware the American shortened theatrical versions - one runs 98 min ; they do not do it justice . Sharon Tate is gorgeous and funny in her bathing scenes ; it was during this film 's production that she and Polanski began their passionate if short-lived relationship .
 This vampire comedy is akin to a Hammer Horror production with more goofs than ghouls . If you like Hammer Horror , or the works of Polanksi , then you may want to investigate this production but it does n't take itself seriously . The other interesting reason to watch this is that Sharon Tate , Polanski 's late wife -LRB- who was murdered by the Manson 's followers -RRB- stars in it.The film has a number of titles , the most popular of which is the European title , Dance of the Vampires . The USA title of The Fearless Vampire Killers or
 Roman Polanski directed and starred in this hilarious spoof of vampires . This comedy has everything you can ask for in a motion picture . Great direction , cinematography , score , performances and one of Sharon Tate 's first roles . -LRB- Polanski and Tate became lovers while making this film -RRB- . This horror / comedy satires everything . One of the best films of 1967 . The film was slashed 30 minutes by producer Martin Ransonhoff in America when initially released and received poor reviews and flopped at the box office . Restored to it 's original length for video - It is a must see for fans of horror or comedy .
 Once long ago my Granny Greene and I would stay up very , very late . I would stay with her sometimes when my parents wanted privacy . At night on the week-ends , on local TV , they would have movie marathons and even `` Shock Theater '' . We shared a love of horror films and watched them often . This movie , `` The Fearless Vampire Killers '' , caught our attention and took us to a place that few movies go.We would eat fresh buttered pop-corn , candied apples , and real Philly Cheese-Steak sandwiches . Watching scary movies with the light out in my Granny Greene 's old house was a real treat that I have never forgotten . Lots of movies pretend to have snow and ice , this one delivers . The classic vampire castle is marvelous and realistic . The costuming is a brilliant work of cinematic art . This was Roman Polanski in the beginning of his career , when he was in love with Sharon Tate . I do n't know what he did to anger the Gods , but a curse was laid upon Polanski . Soon thereafter , Sharon Tate , while pregnant with Polanski 's baby , was murdered by the Manson Family in their `` Helter Skelter '' rampage in the mid-60 's . His life has been in ruin ever since . Somehow this curse involves Charles Manson , Sharon Tate , and Roman Polanski . He let loose an evil spirit , looked to closely into the dark , or perhaps he stepped on someone 's grave . All people say `` Beware the Polanski curse ! '' This is a very campy , dated and funny movie . I 've looked for it for years . Finally it 's in my possession ! Special message for movie-buffs , -LSB- Please Note
 I remember when I was a child and this film was on television . Even the beginning with the blood dripping on the screen with the hypnotizing music told me this was going to be scary . I was mesmorized by everything I could see and hear , and it was quite scary , but also funny enough to not take it too seriously . I was probably around 10 and never forgot this film . I ca n't quite put my finger on it , but you have to see this film to understand the scary undertones , when you see the outside sequences with a perfect score , it sends chills sometimes , and the professor and Alfred , they were perfectly cast -LRB- yes , even though it was Roman 's film , he was perfect in his role , innocent , curious and sweet -RRB- . It had a number of eye openers for me , as the starring of breasts , which honestly , as men , we all do sometimes , and to find out what a gay person was . That was strange for me but even though I did n't like that part , I was too young to understand it , but I sure loved the beautiful women in it . The way it was shot is astounding , the lighting and the darkness perfectly matched , and I always wondered about the count 's assistant , real or make-up , you be the judge , but ouf , scary ! 30 years later , I 'm still that little boy watching this movie like it was the first time , and to me , it will probably be one of the best horror films ever , because of all the right elements , and it also made me laugh , thank goodness . If Roman Polanski had wanted , he could have done a real scary movie out of this . It scares enough to bug you , but it 's the innocence you never forget .
 This film has to be watched at winter time , with nice log fire on , plenty of snack and good company , if not in solitude . It evokes a lovely , warm feeling in the gut - watching the protagonist 's search for the vampires . Everything in the film has a sence of purpose
 BEWARE
 Jack Mac Gowran -LRB- Prof. Abronsius -RRB- and Polanski -LRB- Alfred -RRB- made a great team as a vampire hunting professor and his bumbling assistant , respectively . Nothing they do makes sense , screwing everything up , and that 's what makes the movie so great.There are unconventional aspects of this spoof , like the vampire 's gay son that hits on Alfred , that makes the movie stand out from all the others.One of the greatest vampire movies of all time , spoof or not .
 Yes , I know , this is a very old movie . But it 's timeless too . Roman Polanski shows us his genius , with a kind of `` B '' movie feeling floating in the air , you end up with our friends `` professor Ambronsius and his faithful disciple -LRB- played by Roman himself -RRB- '' in a tavern in a small & gloomy region of Europe . I really do n't want to tell much about the story without giving it away , but the adventures these guys go through trying to save the world from these blood suckers are simply hillarious . Just let me talk about the increadibly funny people in this movie : Prof. Ambronsius - Clueless Einstein look-alike , just too funnyHis disciple -LRB- Roman -RRB- - The perfect clumsy side-kick -LRB- very natural , not overacted -RRB- . The tavern owner - A little horny jewish guy who 's always after his beautiful employees.Tavern owners wife - A very ugly and rough jewish lady who 's constantly after her husband , trying to catch him red handed.Count Dracula - A perfected Bella Lugosi , which makes it funnier.Draculas son - He 's gay -LRB- he does n't bite women , so Roman is in the menu -RRB- and very pompous.Need to say more ? Just get this movie , you will not regret it . It 's simply a classic .
 this is one of the greatest movies of all time . Alot of the humor is visual and simple . Although this is a spoof the humor is subtle and not overbearing and the form of the movie is true to the horror film genre . Polanski adds to to his direction with a magnificant preformance as the proffesors apprentice .
 I started getting interested by vampires with this movie . I saw it for the first time at age 8 in 1982 . It made me laugh a lot , and the overall texture of the set , lighting , music , cast and script , creates tension , even though the movie is meant to be funny . My parents presented it to me as a comedy , but when they first saw it , back in 67 , my mother got scared ! Let 's just say that she does n't know much about vampires ...
 Magnificent . Humourism , terror and inteligent interpretation of Roman Polanski and all others
 To all of those reviewers who disliked this film , think it is n't funny , and does n't include any memorable quotes : OY ! Have you got the wrong vampire !
 Count Von Krolock -LRB- Ferdy Mayne -RRB- , bears his fangs and licks his lips . His pale skin reveals that he has thirsted through out the winter months in transylvania , Romania and gives a chilling triumphant laugh . He says to both Professor Abronsius -LRB- Jack MacGowran -RRB- , and his faithful assitant Alfred -LRB- Roman Polanski -RRB- , ... `` I must leave you now ... . See you later gentlemen ... MEDITATE ... on awaiting YOUR turn '' ... Then leaves them prisoner at his gloomy castle to await his return later to ... The Fearless Vampire Killers is a movie you will either love or hate , -LRB- I love it -RRB- . If you like the idea of a european based , cold , snowy , winter where you rug up to a warm fire and heat your own hands with the breath that you huff from within your own lungs and listen to the locals gossip whilst enjoying a warm soup in the santuary of an Inn , then you will like this movie , trust me.If vampires , and comedy tied in with this , sound appealing , then The Fearless Vampire Killers is your movie . Abronsius and Alfred are travelling to transylvania to hunt down and destroy the vampire race that at this point only Abronsius and Alfred beleive in , but when they arrive at Shagal 's -LRB- Alfie Bass -RRB- , Inn then the truth of the village they are accomodated at is revealed , Shagal 's daughter -LRB- Sharon Tate -RRB- , is taken victim by Krolock and the two Fearless Vampire Killers set out to rescue her and ultimately mankind . Along the way they perform in a manner that is humourus and woefull . But this movie is not woefull . It is a smash hit that deserves much credit , as it has the `` feel '' , of an old Hammer Horror production with great laughs and a great cast.The perfect Friday night late movie with no lights on except the Television screen and a warm wood fireplace with just a random hint of crackle as the wood within burns ...
 A refreshing take on the vampire horror movie . Nicely counteracts the Hammer films of the same era . Polanski adds his dark humor the subject . Sharon Tate in a better role than Valley of the Dolls , plus the only Jewish vampire I can think of .
 I first saw this movie when I was about 11 years old . I loved it so much that , 30 years later , I still remembered it . We rented it recently and , to my dismay , it had been colorized . The original black and white version is MUCH better , but the film is still great fun . The bumbling professor and his associate are hilarious , and the innkeeper turned vampire still makes me laugh . If you 're looking for depth , look elsewhere . But if you 're looking for campy spoof , this is one must-see film .
 I give it 4 stars because this movie is neatly done . I saw it several years ago at the Starlite Drive In located in Priceton , In . It was a refreshing different view ! If you enjoy comedy and vampire flicks and if you do n't mind the other themes in this film then i think you will like it . Bumbling vampire killers , lookout !! While Bela would have put the bite to your neck , thse might have bit you somewhere else !
 A great horror/comedy with everything from a gay vampire who only bites men to a Jewish vampire who 's not repelled by a cross . I saw the USA cut-up version in 1969 . The unedited version now available on video is MUCH better . The storeyline -LRB- a bumbling professor and his bumbling assistant out to destroy a colony of vampires -RRB- flows much better without the edits . BTW , I 'm VERY Squimish . This movie has no graphic violence .
 In my opinion , this is on of Polanski 's best movies . He and Jack MacGowran work well together as a team . The movie starts off with the pair traveling to a small village that , they quickly find out , is plagued with vampires . They must rescue the inkeeper 's daughter from the evil Count and his , shall we say , gay son who has taken a liking to Alfred . Can they outsmart the vampires long enough to escape immortality ? Buy it and see . A very entertaining movie throughout with a surprise ending , this movie is a sure bet .
 J'ai vu ce film dans les ann&eacute;es 70 et je dois dire que pour moi c'est un classique des meilleurs films du genre . Drle et en mme temps impressionnant par l'atmosph &egrave;re qui si d&eacute;gage . Un film &agrave; voir absolument . Le DVD surprenant en plusieurs langues tr&egrave;s int&eacute;ressant . Tr&egrave;s heureux de l'avoir dans ma collection .
 Ah , yes ! The beautiful Sharon Tate on film . This time as a red-headed vamp , just perfect.Who knows how many more films this goddess could have made for me !! . This film is a vampire spoof , which may disappoint viewer 's , but `` Sara 's '' character make 's up for any crying !! .
 I have been watching this movie since I was a kid . my kinda humor , my kinda movie . I had my own recorded off the tv version , decided it was time for the real thing.very interesting to see how it was edited for tv . I really like the un cut stuff that comes with having the dvd , stuff I have never seen before , although I still like my recorded version , complete with commercials from the early 80 's and narrated by elvira . I reccomend this to anyone who likes classic comic horror movies .
 I.Some note how the movie was meant to be a parody on vampire movies -LRB- more specifically the Hammer Horror series -RRB- . If it is , it possesses too high of a quality to be a simple parody . Even though the movie tries its hand at slapstick , it 's not what lingers . What stays in mind is the acting , the scenery , the direction and the atmosphere . Neither funny nor scary , the movie is an even mix of haunting ambients and warm settings . The overall mood is strikingly good , the camera work is stunning and just the feeling of watching something old gives you pleasure . Polanski is a mastermind , obviously , and he uses all the advantages of his time to push boundaries and manages to impress with work that 's powerful all the way through . Everything from lightening to music is masterfully executed . The movie takes some time to take off , but when it finally does , you do n't mind spending as much time as you did watching it.II.The acting makes for a very convincing movie . Polanski is great as a mousy apprentice in love with a maiden played by the especially enthralling Sharon Tate , who looks good in bath , as we 've witnessed in the film , twice . Ferdy Mayne , with his piercing German accent , does a good job playing Count von Krolock . The characters are very dissimilar to each other
 pasan los anos y aun me hizo reir , cuando era pequena mis padres no me la dejaban ver por las partes eroticas , hoy despues de 20 anos me di el gusto .
 The humor is very subtle , and the horror aspect is pretty campy , but overall I found it to be an enjoyable experience , if only to get to see Sharon Tate and a young Polanski . I really liked how he did the background scenery . The movie itself was okay by me , but not to a lot of others I have talked to who have seen it . It 's one of those you either like or you do n't .
 I love this movie . It thrills me from the lavishly odd musical intro to the quirky period picturesque feel to the film . I feel like I am IN Transylvania . The film achieves the look of `` old . '' The professor is wonderfully kooky and watching young Roman Polanski is a delight . I did not realize that his wife , Sharon Tate , was so beautiful . I do n't know that I have ever seen her in anything else . There is plenty of humor in the film . I was n't so thrilled with the one vampire being gay , but it was not pervasive to the film and I saw the humor in the situation . If you are looking for a gory , scary vampire film ... do not bother ... this film is more about the period , the place , the charm of a fun caper gone awry . In our house it is the only vampire movie we drag out every now and again to enjoy . Thanks Roman and Sharon ! Well done !!!!
 This movie is probably the best movie I have ever seen . The good thing about the movie is that you never get tired from watching it . Eventhough I have watched it around 50 times , I always keep finding something new every time . Watch it and do not only watch it once !
 WHEN I WAS A LITTLE GIRL ME AND MY SISTERS WOULD WATCH THIS MOVIE . UNTIL I SAW THIS SIGHT I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE WHOEVER KNEW ABOUT THIS MOVIE . I AM SOOOO . . GLAD I FINALLY FOUND IT . THIS IS ONE OF MY ALL TIME FAV MOVIES . SHARON TATE WAS FAB ON THIS MOVIE . I LOVED THE PART WHEN EVERYONE COMES OUT OF THE GRAVES FOR THE BALL . YOU HAVE TO HAVE THIS MOVIE . IF YOU LOVED OLD TIME MOVIES YOU 'LL LOVE THIS . YOU WO N'T BE SORRY .
 this is one of those must have movies its just too funny , roman polanski and sharon tate are real funny . i loved the part with the gay vampire when he comes after polanski . loved it .
 this is one of the different movies done in a different way the actores seem to be ones i havent seen before and the story and acts are funny but little scary . there no great special effects that i find boring after a while and seem so phoney , the scenery is real it takes place in real out doors . lot of movies lack this .
 It is just as I remembered it ... I saw this when I was a kid and thought it was hilarious then ... and after watching it again after so many years , I found it just as funny and entertaining today . One of those cult classics .
 That night , penetrating deep into the heart of Transylvania , Professor Abronsius was unaware that he was on the point of reaching the goal of his mysterious investigations . In the course of which he had journeyed throughout Central Europe for years accompanied by his one and only faithful disciple , Alfred . A scholar and scientist whose genius was unappreciated , Abronsius had given up all to devote himself body and soul to what was to him a sacred mission . He had even lost his chair at K&ouml;nigsberg University , where for a long time his colleagues used to refer to him as `` The Nut '' . And thus the comedic romp begins ...
 I saw this movie many moons ago at the Fox Senator Theatre in CA & I thought it was incredibly funny & way before it 's time . Beautifully photographed , & endearingly portrayed by all the principle performers , this movies is & always will have a special place in my heart & DVD library . I have never shared this before with anybody until now , but here goes , I saw this movie -LRB- alone -RRB- at the Fox on the afternoon of August 8 , 1969 , & the following day I witnessed the news reports & read about what had occurred the previous night before in Los Angeles . I was shelled shocked to say the least . Beautiful actress Sharon Tate , the female lead in this movie & the pregnant wife of director Roman Polanski & four other house guest were horribly murdered at their home in Bel-Air by the Manson morons . I have since then always had this strange connection to this movie ever since . It 's not very often that you can successfully combine the genre 's of horror & comedy , but when you do & it works , well then what you have is very funny little gem of an overlooked vampire movie . Never did Sharon Tate look so beautiful , then in this film .
 This movie is funny-scary ! It has the sixties trademark of retro-ness in the hairstyles and make up , tho set in a much earlier time . A flick of sexiness , comedy , and is truly scary ! The comedic tension is a combination of fear and funny .
 After some 30 years since I first -LRB- and last -RRB- saw this pictures , a couple of months ago on a trip I was invited to see the play based on this movie ; then about an hour after seeing it I turn on the TV and hear that Polanski -LRB- who I had n't heard about in years -RRB- has just been arrested in Switzerland . Hey , these were signs I HAD to buy this DVD which , by they way , certainly does n't dissapoint . I found it truly funny , creepy and scary . The scene where Alfred runs away in the court from the afemminated vampire is a true classic.Funny how the first half of the movie is practicaly silent while the play is full of dialogue and jokes but my biggest amazement was that even though well aware of the surprise ending , it still felt quiet shocking.And by the way , the very day I get this DVD from Amazon I read Polanski has been let go on bail ... Enough coincidences !
 I absolutely love Roman Polanski 's movies , but this has to be one of the best . I think the reason is that Polanski also stars , and his turn as the naive , soft-spoken , innocent Alfred is what makes this film a true classic . Almost all of the funny moments happen as a result of something he does or says or something that is done to him , and if nothing else , his expressions are adorably fun to watch.Aside from Polanski , this is one of the few accounts of his future-wife Sharon Tate 's beauty & skill . The chemistry between the two is intoxicating , especially when you see how confident Tate is around Polanski and how shy and introverted Polanski seems around here . The end scene where the two are riding in the carriage -LRB- before she ... well , you know -RRB- is so bittersweet and touching.Okay , aside from Polanski & Tate , there are other wonderful aspects of this film . The score is eerie and perfectly suited to this masterpiece , and the scenery is intoxicating -LRB- just take a look at the snow , not to mention the adorable snowman that Alfred builds for Sarah -RRB- . The funniest scenes definitely take place once the Professor & Alfred get to the castle . I love when Alfred is to scared to sleep in his own room , and he tries to get in bed with the professor.The ball was a perfect climax to the film , especially when the vampires realize that the only relection in the mirrors is of Alfred & the Professor . The last scenes are horribly nerve-wracking and tense , with a perfect finish . Leave it to Polanski to end this film the exact opposite of what you 'd expect . A happy ending ? Not in a Polanski movie.That 's why we love him !
 I 've been looking for this movie for a long time ! Roman Polanski and Sharon Tate . A combination of old-school horror mixed with satire .
 It is not often that a movie thought of a hilarious and wonderful in one 's youth , is as funny 35 or 40 years later . In this case , it certainly holds true , and I was delighted to watch it an laugh my head off . A take-off of every cornball vampire movie you have ever seen . Roman Polanski and his wife Sharon Tate in the happy days before her terrible murder by the Charles Manson Gang .
 Poverty Row Pictures present `` BORDER BADMEN '' -LRB- 10 October 1945 -RRB- -LRB- 55 mins/B & W ;-RRB- -LRB- Fully Restored/Dolby Digitally Remastered -RRB- -- The American actor Buster Crabbe graduated from the University of Southern California and won the 400 meter freestyle in which he medaled in the 1932 Olympics , went to work for Paramount in `` King of the Jungle '' -LRB- 1933 -RRB- , next role was `` Tarzan the Fearless -LRB- 1933 -RRB- , Crabbe returned to Paramount Pictures was featured in Zane Grey Westerns which were well received , then came the roles that made him a household word `` Flash Gordon '' and `` Buck Rogers '' at Universal Picture Serials -LRB- 1936-1940 -RRB- , meanwhile PRC Studios was looking for a leading hero `` Billy the Kid '' and `` Billy Carson '' in the 1940 's B-Western series and ran its course for six years , later made several televison appearances and appeared in a series `` Captain Gallant and the Foreign Legion '' -LRB- 1955-1957 -RRB- Under the production staff of : Sam Newfield - DirectorGeorge Wallace Sayre -LRB- story and screenplay -RRB- Milton Raison -LRB- story and screenplay -RRB- Sigmund Neufeld - ProducerJack Greenhalgh - CinematographerHolbrook N. Todd - Film EditorThe story line and plot , As a 32nd cousin of the recently deceased Silas Stockton , Fuzzy heads for the reading of the will . The bad guys are after the Stockton estate and plan to kidnap Helen Stockton , the primary heir , and replace her with a stooge . When the henchmen catch her she is with Billy and Fuzzy so they kidnap them also . But the three escape and Billy then heads out to find the culprits -- The details and the props in every scene are full of western imagery -- The action never slows down and the movie has a great western feel to it.the cast includes : Buster Crabbe ... Billy CarsonAl St. John ... Fuzzy Q. Jones -LRB- as Al ` Fuzzy ' St. John -RRB- Lorraine Miller ... Helen StocktonCharles King ... MerrittRay Bennett ... Deputy Spencer -LRB- as Raphael Bennett -RRB- Arch Hall Sr. ... Banker Gillian -LRB- as Archie Hall -RRB- Budd Buster ... Peter EvansMarilyn Gladstone ... RoxieMarin Sais ... Mrs. BentleyRoy Bucko ... DavisJohn L. Cason ... HenchmanSteve Clark ... Mayor Jed BatesVictor Cox ... HenchmanFrank Ellis ... Henchman BennettHenry Hall ... Probate JudgeRay Henderson ... Henchman PeteRay Jones ... Wagon driverBud Osborne ... DeputyWally West ... Henchman MaxSlim Whitaker ... DolanSPECIAL FEATURES : BIOS :1 . Buster Crabbe -LRB- aka
 This show is VERY good ! The Welk show 's early years were the best . Alice Lon , Rocky Rockwell , The Lennon Sisters , a LARGE orchestra were irreplaceable and sorely missed in later years . The video quality of this DVD is okay , but there are parts where the sound drags , and that 's why it only got four stars from me . If five stars is great , the content deserves SIX stars!I hope to see more of these wonderful shows offered in the future . If the commercials were left in , that would also be a big plus ! `` Top Tunes And New Talent '' was a second weekly Welk show . It was later renamed `` The Plymouth Show '' , and they featured talented young guests . This episode 's guests included an Irish tenor , a harpist , and a blind girl that played bells and tuned glasses . I enjoyed each and every number . Pete Fountain 's `` My Blue Heaven '' was a highlight .
 After I just watched this movie I felt like I had to share with friends . A well done movie , with special holywood special effects and , most important , a very unique message ! It really worth it !
 This illustrates the afterlife in a beautifully done movie . It has English subtitles and you can easily understand what is going on in the movie . The healing , the mystery and the understanding of the afterlife is illustrated here . The color and sets are beautiful . It makes one think .
 Hi , I need to buy the movie Astral City
 An excellent movie well worth watching . Shows the adventure that awaits on the other side of the veil.This life is the stage where we try out the lessons we set for ourselves from the real world , and a fantasticworld it is ! Especially recommended for anyone who has lost a loved one .
 I read this book about ten years ago and it was great seeing such perfect adaptation.The life of Chico Xavier -LRB- world 's most famous medium -RRB- is fantastic and it 's even more interesting to know about Andre Luis 's story , who is Chico 's spiritual guide.The film portraits the story of Andre Luis when he passes away , victim of his excesses in drugs and alcohol . Will he eventually find his peace of mind ? It 's an extraordinary spiritual journey . Worth seeing it !
 I do n't usually write reviews , but this movie inspired me to do so . Never have I been so moved and spiritually motivated , especially by a movie . Nosso Lar is very thought provoking and wonderful , it gives you a different perspective of the important things in life , about real love and family ... while it motivates you to improve in such . The acting is very good , the effects and scenery are gorgeously made . I am not a religious person , but I do consider myself to be very spiritual and I believe in God more than anyone I 've known . This movie really moved me , because it gives a neutral point of view of life and the afterlife , and I can not believe I am writing this about a movie pertaining to the afterlife , but it makes sense . At least to me . Energy is everything , even life . I loved it ! I highly recommend it !!!
 So touching ! Made my atheist girlfriend cry . So well done . The setting for the movie were so realistic and beautiful . Have n't seen anything this meaningful in a long time .
 This is another good message to remind ourselves to always try our best to be a good person . We are here to develop our souls and this is our chance , so one day we can live in a place without suffering and pain and surround by love .
 This is one of the best books you could read in the series . It tells things as it is in the astral world . Many are concerned about death and the after life , here is something that we remove your fears a d give you a great insight to life , it 's journey and purpose . I have read many books and I am the author of ` Freedom Thro ' Frequencies ' and many other books on the topic which I have studied for a life time . This movie is so informative it will grip you to the very end . It is a kind of Movie that you will watch over and over again . I give maximum ratings . If it was ten stars I would give it ten stars . Please do not miss out in watching ` Astral City ' . Congratulations to the creators , a job well done . It is a movie that will change your destiny , encourage goodness and provide a great journey forward.Enjoy the movie . Kancho Deena Naidu
 This played out everything along our spiritual journey . I have recently been reading on angels and personal awakenings . This is an excellent companion . Watching this was more enlightening then going to church .
 LOVED it !!!! You must watch this movie!Good source of information . Good effectsI enjoying watching this movie - very interesting !
 This movie is an adaptation of a Book by Chico Xavier who was a Brazilian Medium who channeled hundreds of books about Spiritual Reality and Development . Nosso Lar is one of a series of books about Life between lives and what happens to us after death . The movie is a good rendition of the book and I enjoyed it very much . It can not quiet convey the depth of the book so I recommend for those interested in this topic and the Spiritist perspective also read the book and others in this series . The subtitles went by a little quick in some instances but otherwise I thought the movie was great and true to the book as best a movie could be . You need to be interested in spirituality and life beyond earth , as this is not just entertainment but a moral tale about spiritual development in life and beyond . It starts with a man who has just passed away and finds himself suffering desperately in the `` Hell '' realms . It is about his rescue and coming to understand the significance of his past life , the reality of eternal life and the ultimate purpose of life .
 I realize I have to do better on this side while I am here do n't want to leave all that emotion of regret and saddness . I want to leave happi knowing I 've done my best so let my work speak for it self that 's how the movie inspired me it was awesome can we get an English version
 For all those who ask about Heaven after Life , this is it . Luckily they speak about only purgatory and after . So image everything else , and work towards Heaven on Earth . This is our duty . God Bless .
 `` The end of a beginning , the beginning to an end ! '' My epitaph . Loved it ! I rarely write reviews , but I must say , `` Well done ! '' . I came across it while trying out my trial prime membership . And if I could , I 'd give it away for free , for all to see ! I will be purchasing a hard copy to share with those around me . `` All the world 's a stage '' - Shakespeare .
 I had no idea what this film was about I simply watched in on a whim and I am glad I did .
 An interesting look on what life is like and a different twist on the directions we take in life and how that affects what comes next .
 What can I say , you must watch this to even come close to explaining it . The film is the life that I have come to feel we all live which is unending and on earth , something like a play -LRB- comedy.tragedy -RRB- and a lesson each time we come back . Very well presented and designed IMHO to embrace as many beliefs , that is wears somewhat soft gloves on `` religion '' and is open and not judgmental on a certain path towards growing one 's spirit . The film exudes love , compassion and above all rings of truth ... which may be a surprise to those not read in the aspects of pure spirituality , but nonetheless should almost be a required viewing for anyone calling themselves a `` seeker '' which certainly is what I hope I am , in times of lucidity that come and go-sadly . Kudos to the film makers , a truly great film , on an area that I thought I might never see covered with such understanding given much of this is beyond words -LRB- ask NDE authors -RRB- might be in my top 2 on matters in this area.The only film that was made in US -LRB- -LRB- this film is Brazilian I believe -RRB- . that covers this in a dramatic , rather than documentary forms were What Dreams May Come-a good film but not quite great , and What the Bleep do We know - a pseudo documentary bringing Quantum Physics into the realms of creation of reality via our projected consciousness , and the comedy which is decent for its time , Defending your Life -LRB- but that is typical of what Hollywood gives us-a glimpse and then a snort and a giggle -RRB- This film complements and surpasses those films by far , although it is sometimes a bit traditional -LRB- and culturally it is quite understandable given Brazil is mostly a Catholic country , but this is NOT religious , merely respectful of religions in not bringing up dogma and matters that need not really be discussed in staying positive and embracing . e.g. / in talking of `` god '' as a separate entity/outside of oneself-but only in context of scenes it fits . That is not a criticism as I think this film will have far broader appeal and hence perhaps reach a far greater audience by not alienating those who practice religions but long for more than just prayer at church or synagog or mosque , this is what it is , like it or not , not much doubt this is about as close as one can be to expressing the reality that life is a school for souls and their `` home '' is our home , although I suspect that it goes beyond and above that city they call home ... Namaste .
 Great movie . Shipping was fast . I would suggest this movie to others . It is a very interesting story to what happens to a individual after physical death . Death is just a word the soul continues on .
 Was in english subtitle , did not mind just make sure your kids or distractions are not there.wonderful , deeply spiritual , movie.does make you look at your life from a different aspect .
 This movie is an amazing description of what happens after we leave our bodies . It helps to awaken consciousness on a deep spiritual level about who we all are and that this world is the illusory world and when we go &#34; Home &#34; that is the real world . Well done !
 It 's a beautiful movie , although a lot of patience is required , the story unfolds but not linearly . It requires thinking . I 've watched it a few times wondering , if I 'm understanding the theme . It 's a very well made movie . I 've seen somewhat similar movies , but they were fictions . What Dreams May Come , is an example . The music by Philip Glass is appropriate . As an individual that 's heard many individuals tell about their near death experiences at Investigation Into Near Death Study Groups , the basic story line is familiar to me . The interactions of the dead with the living -LRB- and a lot of science fictions I 've read , particularly Arthur C. Clarke and Isaac Asimov -RRB- made me feel there 's a lot of possibilty that something close to re-occurence does happen.Important ideas do have some ` life ' in the flow of Time . I 'd never heard of Chico Xavier but there are reasons to believe he lived the life of an individual who realized that he ` was merely the hand that wrote what was dictated to him ' much as William Blake wrote.I 've read a lot myself about the occult and its history as well as its banishment from the ` rational mindset ' . Also a family member actually ` died ' who was taken to another place where family members and friends who 'd passed away were assembled , to assure and comfort her but send her back to a life she did n't want to live out . It was meant to be a comforting event ; it was not a religious encounter but it was real to her . We paid no attention until Betty J. Eadies ' book caused us to wish we 'd asked more questions . Personal experience had a lot to do with the effects of the movie.The movie made me think more about what goes on in my mind and what is ` true ' . I almost missed the end credits and this thought provoking statement
 Wow , I was really impressed by this film ! It 's very true to the original book/manuscript , and seems to be an accurate portrayal of the process that awaits us after physical death -LRB- that is , according to a consensus of lucid astral travelers who have visited colonies like Nosso Lar , and the crustal dimension housing the more unbalanced amongst us -RRB- . The acting is excellent and nuanced , the effects are delightfully understated and avoid being overdone , and the extraphysical settings are crisp and vibrant -LRB- with the exception of Umbral , which is wonderfully creepy and unpleasant -RRB- . As an Atheist , ` deus ' gets tossed around a bit much for my liking , but you expect something like that resulting from the mixture of Catholicism and Spiritism in Brazil . Overall , the inclusion of ` god ' is not as intrusive as it could be and is totally non-denominational - almost coming across as Deistic . Which is something I can respect . Not every cosmic consciousness has to be pigeon-holed as some kind of intervening steward on behalf of the minutiae of the lesser-evolved denizens of the universe.Did I mention how pleasant it is to listen to Portuguese ? Subtitles are never the best case scenario , but this film makes them work . I 'd much rather hear the original dialogue than risk a bad overdub.Highly recommended.Projectiology
 After a conversation with a friend today , I went looking for something with a message . What message I was looking for and upon what subject , I was n't quite sure . Then I came across this title . Thought about for 15 minutes or so , and decided to watch . I an used Amazon Prime trial so it essentially was free . Anyway , what started out as something dark turned into the brightest part of my weekend . It resonates with me as truth . To nay-sayers , you will understand someday . When that day is , is up to you.I must say that living in this world , that often times leaves me feeling depressed and unsettled , can be a challenge , but gaining some understanding , even a little bit of `` the meaning of it all '' really changes your perspective and makes life grand . -LRB- yes its a run on , I 'm no english professor -RRB- Watch it , enjoy it , watch it again with friend and love ones . Invoke as much of the meaning into your life as you can , you will be forever happy that you did !
 I was disappointed when I saw that the movie was subtitled-I have trouble keeping up when there are subtitles-but I decided to take a chance on it because the beginning captured my interest . I was n't sorry . I found the movie to be very enlightening and uplifting . The movie made me feel good about the afterlife and what is next . I found it very believable and feel good that there is something more to look forward to after this life . I 'd recommend this movie to anyone interested in spirtual enlightenment .
 This video goes along for the most part in what I already believe . The only fault I find with it is it was not dubbed in English but it is the first movie I 've ever seen where subtitles did n't turn me completely off . It 's a very spiritual movie . I watched it first on Amazon Prime . I enjoyed it so much I had to order a copy . Fred
 I loved this movie . I think it should be shown in high school and college psychology classes . It is an excellent example of ego deception and overcoming the ego - even after death .
 Amazing ... Truly Amazing ! Excellent interpretation of Life Itself . Definitely a ` Must See ' for All Ones who are in touch and out of touch with their True Selves ... Yes Yes Yes . Namaste ' !
 Thought-provoking film , the story was very well told . A doctor who is stern and austere on Earth dies and `` wakes up '' in a place called `` our home . '' This place is a spiritual realm that sits right above Earth . He has an intense awakening in his search for spiritual truth . There are lessons to learn in this place and realizations to come to that will help him have peace so that he may move forward . The surroundings are visually striking and I really enjoyed this movie .
 I love this movie . It 's true that at first sight , one must wonder about the physical needs encountered by the departed souls . However , I came to understand that their seemingly physical suffering was being experienced at an astral/spiritual level where the soul has not yet let go of the weaknesses and needs that he or she experienced through a lifetime on Earth in a material life . It can be painful and traumatic to be born on Earth . Why could n't we experience something similar when we are re-born into the astral/spiritual realm ? Getting rid of all habits , fears , needs , wants , etc. , takes time . Our soul might need to go through stages to adjust to our new reality as we experience life after life . The hospital , I believe , was there to help with that transition and it was not healing physical bodies but wounded souls.The purgatory scene held the notion that until our soul is ready to purge some of the most damaging old habits and `` sins '' and truly realize the need for forgiveness and a change , we can not proceed to the next phase . Therefore , his arrival at the purgatory was the necessary first step he had to experience because of his arrogance , materialism , selfishness , and all the self-indulgent behavior that ultimately led him to his death . Once he understood , at least in part , what his faults were and began to repent , he was ready to be taken to the next step . He arrived to a lower level of heaven where he continued his spiritual evolution . Remember that there was mentioned that his mother lived in a higher realm of heaven . Perhaps , in that higher realm , there is no need for worldly similarities -LRB- houses , transportation , buildings , etc. -RRB- The communications building seemed to help souls communicate through psychics or mediums on Earth . Perhaps , those familiar with `` channeling '' and `` automatic writing '' might be able to appreciate the significance of this building . In fact , the minister in charge told one of the souls that `` Chico '' -LRB- a medium -RRB- had been placed on Earth and was ready to receive messages for the souls to convey to their loved ones through him.Moreover , I think that it is said in the Bible 's New Testament that this world is a mirror image of the heavenly one without all the garbage that we create here on Earth . Why could n't this be possible ? Perhaps , this Earthly realm is where we begin to prepare for our life in other realms and our choices and actions determine what realm will we end up at . Only the body dies , the soul/spirit is eternal . Life does not cease when our body dies . We continue in our journey towards achieving through various realms the purification we need to be at the highest levels of heaven . There are some souls that return to help others achieve a deeper understanding of the divine realms ; an understanding that has been `` blurred '' or `` obscured '' by human arrogance , ego , greed , selfishness , need to control , misleading and self-serving theological teachings and interpretations , and by our fears . Thus , not everyone is ready and open to listen or receive the message at once or the first few times they hear it . We are not all ready at the same time much like not all flowers bloom simultaneously ; some need a bit more time . However , in the end , whether we become ready here on Earth or need to finish up when we are gone from Earth , we eventually bloom . Spiritual enlightenment is not like making instant coffee . It 's perfectly `` reasonable '' that some souls might need to go through a period of adjustment from life on Earth to life in the spiritual realm . The familiar environment might make it easier for them to cope with the process.I think that the messages are profound and that there is so much more there than meets the eye . It 's worth watching more than once from different perspectives and let our `` intuition '' and `` spirit '' discern its content rather than just trying to analyze it with only our physical mind , which has been programmed by so many different beliefs and theories . Maybe , we need to `` let go '' to begin to see and understand . I choose to keep an open mind .
 The movie was truthfully made by the book . If you read the book , you will enjoy it so much . If you did n't , you will want to . Andre Luis books are very special , teaching us the real meaning of life and conducting ourselves to get better each moment.I loved the movie .
 With a close family members recent death , I purchased this DVD on a recommendation . A very interesting and almost educational movie , this DVD takes an interesting approach to Life After Death , and the possibility that Life Lives On after death . Death being only a stepping stone of the life process .
 Astral City was all I wanted it to be . It demonstrates through a dramatic enactment how spiritual concepts can be applied to life ... and the afterlife . I was very touched by the story . So much so that I purchased the movie , although I saw it for free by streaming it into my ROKU box . I wanted to own a copy of this film to lend out to friends . I have received excellent feedback on it.Astral City
 I was really suprised at the depth of detail this piece possesed.My only problem with it were physical things existing in a spiritual realm.A must see for anyone interested in these things -LRB- which should be everyone ! -RRB-
 This movie re-minded me that we create the life we choose to live . My soul was renewed by the potent messages throughout the film . The script was well written and the acting was beautiful . Service to another is the greatest gift you can give . If life has become drab and boring I think this film will lift you up . If your a fan of Matrix fasten your set belt ! This one will take you further down the rabbit hole . I give thanks for all the people who had anything to do with this film . It was more than a movie it was an experience . Ahhhhhh !
 How many of us have wondered where we come from , or why we 're here or even what happens when one dies ? If these are questions that have bothered you then I strongly suggest that you watch this!Even as a spiritist , I must confess that I was n't expecting much from this movie . My worries were soon put to rest and this is an absolutely amazing movie that gives you a glimpse of what happens after we leave this world . It is full of special effects so I 'm sure that it is going to catch everyone 's attention.It is based on the best seller -LRB- and essential ! -RRB- book Nosso Lar -LRB- ` Our Home ' -RRB- psychographed by the medium Francisco C. Xavier decades ago . I think the book and the movie complete each other so if this is a subject that interests you , I recommend that you give both a try , I 'm sure you wo n't regret it !
 This movie was a nice find . It even pulled a tear or two out of me by the end . It is a great depiction of a spiritual world the spiritual evolution of individuals .
 Very nice story . Very nice special effects . Very good acting for such an unusual subject . I will be recommending it to others .
 Wow ! I stumbled across this movie in my Amazon Prime account , just looking for something to watch . I had never heard of it before . Boy , am I glad I found it ! It is such a beautiful , heart-centered film . The main actor is superb , and the whole tone of the film is thoughtful and uplifting -LRB- well , except for the parts in Purgatory -RRB- . Some folks might take issue with the New Age content of the film ... I say , look at it as science fiction if you need to and just enjoy the message about love . This is such a touching film , and now one of my favorites .
 I hope more messages such as in this film reach everyone . You MUST watch it , if you read this : -RRB-
 It 's good to see someone making films about this subject.It would be great to see more mainstream films address such topics.The film was well made and although it has subtitles was easy to watch.If you are interested in these sort of things it is definitely worth watching .
 I did n't know that this was based on books by a medium . I thoroughly enjoyed this film . I speak Portuguese , so listening to the voices was a delight and the subject matter was inspirational . After many years in the Catholic church I considered myself agnostic , but now after seeing this , I do n't know . Amazing !
 This movie is great . Its a independent movie -LRB- and the quality surprised me -RRB- and it defines everything i believe . Theres nothing to do with catholic church !
 Astral City was a great movie ! I was worried that it would be difficult to read subtitles for the entire movie , but it was surprisingly easy !
 My husband and I very much enjoyed this film illustrating the good doctor 's spiritual journey of awakening . We will likely watch it again to gain a bit more of the nuance .
 Movies DO influence people . Hope more film makers will create a lot of good movies like this to uplift people 's consciousness , love and positive thinking etc. .
 Astral City is a wonderful visual rendering of one of the most beautiful books in the Spiritist tradition . It makes the teachings conveyed from Andre Luiz through the medium Chico Xavier accessible to those who may just be at the beginning of their journey into Spiritism and it conveys the moral and ethical teachings at the heart of spiritual progression and Spiritist understanding in a graphically stunning and heartfelt dramatization .
 seeing the method of healing he was shown on the other side was Awesome ! ...
 I really enjoyed and related to this movie very much . I at first though that becasue it was sub titled in English that it would be a painful experience . How wrong I was . Becasue I had to watch and read the impact and values of the movie were easill retained and it has changed my thinking in some aspects about the after this world and confirmed many of my already held beliefs . I rated this 5 star becasue anyone who is sincerely interested in this aspect of life will benifit from viewing . To those who wish to just mock or dont believe then keep that and thise thoughts to yourself , they are unhelpful to those that are truley seeking the truth in their life journey . Well done and logical .
 What a great film ! I 've never been a fan of subtitles -LRB- the film is in Portuguese -RRB- but you do n't even realize it because the subject matter is so engaging and interesting . I would n't recommend this film to those who are not open minded or for those who are religiously set in their views . It 's so much more than mere entertainment . There are deep spiritual messages to be explored and considered .
 I do n't usually take the time to write a review for films , even if I like them . I love this movie . I do n't know anything about whether this was channeled or sent here by carrier pigeon , but the message is very close to what I believe as true . This story resonates in me in so many ways . Spiritual evolution , reincarnation , human melodrama , the battle with our lower nature , of ego , pride , self indulgence and most of all fear . I love movies about the afterlife and have seen many . This one goes further then the rest . The city of light , the reincarnation family/group , the ongoing journey of self discovery , spiritual evolution . God is love and vice versa.SincerelyThe Grokfish -RRB- ~ -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- * >
 I have already seen this movie and have read the book too . Excellent source of information and entertainment.Do you believe in the afterlife ? Do you want to know what happen to you after death ? You will find all the answers of your questions and much more in the book The Astral City -LRB- Nosso Lar -RRB- . Watch the movie , but read the book as well . It will change the way you see life .
 This movie is a great source of information for those who wonder what comes next ... It has wonderful special effects and is also very informative . I loved it and highly recommend it !
 I read the book , and I know Brazilian Spiritism , and this movie does justice to both.It breathes a kind of otherworldliness in the wonderful decors and also in the fairly static way of acting.I 'm not sure this is my idea of the Afterlife , but that 's not important . The way this movie tells the story is visually and spiritually impressive . Allan Kardec and Chico Xavier must be pleased ... wherever they are at the moment ...
 I was very surprised to see this film . I am one of those persons who have died for a short period of time and returned . My period of leaving my body was 4 days . It happened many years ago in a hospital . What I experienced was the same as this film , except for the film has more experiences than I had . This is a must see . I promise it 's a true story .
 I wish all of humanity to see this movie . It 's one man 's story about heaven and it 's realities to him . We never die . We only pass from Life to Life .
 I love this movie . The acting is excellent . The Astral City is both imaginative and creative in the scenery , buildings and the people that dwell there . Showing us how Love , Peace , and Cooperation can change our world.The lower realms are thought provoking in the fierce suffering that is present . Then there is the sincere prayer of one 's heart that is always heard , without judgement . A particular phrase lingers in my mind from Astral City `` When the heart speaks , God speaks for us '' . Though I needed to use the subtitles it did not detract from the story or viewing in the least , just pause when needed ; -RRB- I highly recommend this movie for all people of all ages , in all walks of life , throughout the world.Thank You .
 This movie rings true to me - and confirms everything I have learned over the past 40 years of studying the aterlife . It 's a wonderful gift to the world right now - when we all need comfort and reassurance . I have no doubt that Chico Xavier is having the `` time of his life '' - having crossed over himself in 2002 - and is happy that one of the books that he and Dr. Luiz wrote has become this beautiful film . Kudos to everyone who worked on it !
 I am a student of the Robert Monroe books , includingJourneys Out of the Body , Far Journeys , andThe Ultimate Journey , as well as a certified instructor of the Monroe Institute Outreach program that teaches how to attain altered states of consciousness through the use of brain-hemisphere-bridging using Monroe 's audio technology known as Hemi-Sync . In states of altered consciousness I have personally visited some of the higher focus levels Monroe describes in his books . The film , Astral City
 Being just born when the show originally ran , I probably had last seen The Brady 's back in the late 70 's , early 80 's during reruns on TV and had only remembered bits and pieces since then . Snippets like Bobby saving a girl from a falling shelf , orange hair and some sort of model volcano explosion . Nothing very distinctive at all . So when the movie came out in ' 95 , I gave it a shot and did n't like it at all . It just seemed like another fish-out-of-water movie , and the jokes were of the inside type , which was to be expected for a movie based on a TV show . They just were n't funny . So I dismissed the movie -LRB- which apparently was pretty popular -RRB- and did n't even bother with it 's sequel , which came out the next year.Fast forward ten years to 2005 . Thanks to the wonders of TV-on-DVD , I took another shot and bought the 1st season of The Brady Bunch and immediately got hooked . As I watched the episodes , those snippets suddenly became cohesive and the memories flowed back in . The warm , fuzzy , memories of a `` simpler '' time with the impossibly perfect family . As I eagerly awaited the subsequent season releases over the next year and a half , I held off on giving The Brady Bunch Movie a second chance until I had seen every episode again . I 'm glad I did . Basically what I 'm trying to say is that you definitely need to be familiar with the show , to fully appreciate the movie -LRB- s -RRB- . As I mentioned previously the movie takes the fish-out-of-water , squeaky-clean 70 's Brady 's and places them in the 90 's . While you get your usual riffs on the culture clash enveloped in a pedestrian plot -LRB- albeit , their oblivious attitude is good for some laughs -RRB- , the real comedic meat comes from the spoofing of the show . Swollen noses , squeaky voices , inner monologues , `` Marcia , Marcia , Marcia '' , the life lessons , the clothes , breaking into song . It 's all there in their glorious cheesiness , deftly presented by the cast , with special kudos going to the spot-on portrayals of Mr. & Mrs. Brady , Marcia , Jan & Alice . Actually Ben Stiller probably says to himself every day , `` I ca n't believe I landed Marcia Brady ! '' Christine Taylor IS Marcia Brady . And look for some great cameos as well.Good , hilarious fun for Brady fans . Of course after this , I just had to run out and get A Very Brady Sequel , which is even better ! Incest ! The real Mr. Brady ! Cousin Oliver ! Oh my !
 I 'm a not big fan of the T.V show . I like it , but the movie is much better . I also think Christine Taylor plays a better Marcia Brady then Maureen McCormick . I think she had no personality at all.The movie was very funny , and so was the sequel , however there was no bonus material . I know it was n't very popular in the 90 's , but they could 've added something . Maybe the original cast talking ; maybe a little bit of information of how they made the movie . I know I always like to watch Deleted Scenes and the Gag Real . But there was nothing . The movie is so funny though that I did n't notice it until after I watched the movie twice.I love the casting . Shelley Long and Gary Cole make a perfect Carol & Mike Brady . Christine Taylor , like I already said , is a better Marcia Brady . Peter annoys me , though . I love how some of original Brady cast was in it . Too bad the real Mike could n't see how funny the movie was.Also , I believe there is an error of Florence Henderson playing Grandma . Grandma is on Carol 's side , right ? Not Mike 's ? Well , Carol was n't ` born ' Brady , so Grandma should n't be a Brady . Well , in the casting , she labeled Grandma Brady . I find that an error , as , her name should be just Grandma.Overall , The Brady Bunch movie is great . If you have n't seen the sequel , see it . They 're both such great movies .
 I still think it 's a cool show . It comes on a lot late at night on TV land like around 3:00 am . I Tivo my favorite episodes then watch them again later . I do own the 1st complete Season on DVD and it 's really fun to watch if your a Brady fan . I like the ones where they are older though and the movie is fun to watch as well . Yes they can be a typical family but that 's what sictom 's are all about in some of them . I also like A Very Brady Sequel too and the movie I like the most is A Very Brady Christmas that 's my favorite one but The Brady Bunch Movie is really a classic and it has some sketches from certain episodes from the TV show . The movie is really worth watching !
 i am a big fan of the brady bunch tv show from the 70s then i shall this movie on tv i loved it it was so much like the tv show i leked the idea that it puts the bradys in the 90s when they are still stuck in the 70s for pepole who do not like this flim get a life it was a good movie it just was post to be silly that is wat i like about it only pepole ho like the brady bunch would like the brady bunch movie it is based on the tv show it is also making fun of them a little bit but not a mean way it was just making fun so it could be silly the movie is good and funny i like it when the brady kids sing on stage to when a contest and sing the song keep on moving oh the oldest brady boy name on the brady bunch movie was greg brady not chuck brady do you haer me amazon ...
 As a fan of the reruns from childhood , I liked this movie . It was better than the first.The Marcia and Jan actresses captured so much of the characters in looks and mannerisms that they were pleasant to watch.Cindy was almost painful to watch . She did n't look much like Susan Olsen in the face particularly . The other girls were such great Maureen/Eve look/act alikes that it soured me on the rest.But it was a good movie for fans who remember all or most of the shows . The sequel was better because it focused more on the original show and elements from Barry 's book and did n't give so much time to the 90 's characters .
 As a confirmed Brady Bunch fan -LRB- I have seen EVERY episode numerous times -RRB- I was so psyched when this movie came out . I own it and watch it about once a month , its one of those movies that you just do n't get sick of . If you are a fan of the show you will probably like this the most because it parodies many classic Brady episodes . The Jan character is dead on and HILARIOUS , also kudos to Shelly Long for her portrayal of Carol . Rupaul makes a funny cameo . Its a great flick , do n't miss it .
 Saw it on the video and I was really taken aback by all those silly take-offs done on our most cherished family straight out of `` The American Dream '' fantasyland , including a few questionable scenes like the drug-induced sequence involving the animated Brady kids and the suggestive `` incestuous '' tension between the handsome young Greg and Marcia , the sexy blonde bimbo who is not at all shy to be sporting her perfect midriff in the open . As for the story itself , it so happens that a villainous archaeologist is after one of the household items in the Brady mansion and Mrs. Brady 's former husband is after the pretty young wife in her famous blonde `` helment '' hair-do as well . A very goofy adventure that will even take you all the way to Hawaii and back - a good-natured whacking at our very wistful fantasy of a family life that we all want to live .
 ` Nough said
 Cleverly written movie that only Brady fans would love -LRB- I mean it ! -RRB- If you never watch the original series , you missed all the inside jokes . `` Go get them Tiger . Tiger , Tiger ? What ever happen to the dog ? '' You would n't get that joke would you . Wonderful .
 I wanted to hate this movie when my sister rented it , but I was surprised to find out that it 's more of a spoof than a remake of the tv series ! It turned out to be hilarious , and so is the sequel .
 This movie is just brilliant ! Greg Cole and Shelley Longe are fantastic as the perfect parents , and the kids nail the attitude of the original characters amazingly . I loved RuPauls appearance as Jans guidance counseller . This movie gives the word spoof new meanings ! Also , make sure to watch the tropical sequel !
 If you grew up in the 70 's watching the Brady Bunch , this movie is for you . I am 35 and grew up along with Jan Brady . I have watched this movie over and over and ca n't get enough of it . Then again , I STILL watch the Brady Bunch reruns everyday !
 Michael McKean -LRB- Laverne & Shirley -RRB- is in the movie , but what happened with the show 's original cast ?
 This hilarious parody of the popular as well as nostalgic 1970 's ABC television series `` The Brady Bunch '' is a must-see ! All of the aspects of the show have been recreated , as well as made fun of in the movie . Watch for cameos by Barry Williams , Florence Henderson , Ann B. Davis , and 60 's rock idol Davy Jones .
 I originally saw this movie on the big screen ... as an adult who grew up watching The Brady Bunch when it was still a prime time show , I thought I would die laughing when I saw this . I could tell a number of the younger viewers in the theater did not understand a lot of the gags in the movie . The costuming is dead on -LRB- most of us of that age either dressed that way or had brothers and sisters who did -RRB- . Christine Taylor , who plays the Marcia character is good , but the actress who plays Jan is hysterical -LRB- she 's perfect ! -RRB- . Shelly Long gets Florence Henderson 's mannerisms and voice tone down so well - it 's almost scary -LRB- `` Oh Mike ... '' -RRB- and Gary Cole deserves an award for being able to deliver those inane `` Mike Brady '' speeches with a straight face . This movie and it 's sequel are great - complete with the Brady Kids song and dance numbers -LRB- `` I think I 'll go for a walk outside , now - the sunshine 's calling my name ... '' -RRB- but make more sense if you are very familiar with the series it parodies .
 In what could go down as the most underrated performace of the nineties , Gary Cole eerily channels Robert Reed 's ghost to nail the most dead on imitation of Mike Brady an audience could have hoped for . At times a ridiculously over-the-top parody of the already corn-laden show and at other times a cunny and dead on satire of 70 's fluff and 90 's grunge , this movie is 100 % brilliant . You probably did not ever expect to hear the word `` brilliant '' in the same sentence as Brady Bunch . As I am not a working movie critic , it can be assumed that i am wrong . But i must say that in the past ten years i have not laughed harder , longer or more repeatedly at any other movie than this . And believe me , i have watched it quite a few times . Taking cue from the hilariously cheesy plots of the 70 's TV show and feeding from there , the Brady Bunch Movie emerges as a rather smart , and laugh out loud funny movie . The cast could not be better with , as i mentioned before , Gary Cole , Christine Taylor -LRB- in , as Marcia , the role she was born to play -RRB- and Jennifer Elise Cox -LRB- as Jan in a nuanced comic performance -RRB- being the standouts . Along with that , we were later served up an equally hilarious sequel that begs the question
 When I first heard about the concept of this movie , I thought it was dumb-I liked the idea of a BB movie , especially since the previews looked great , but then I read I review about how the Bradys are in a `` time warp '' and the rest of the world is in the late 90 's . When I saw the movie , all my fears were put to rest . In fact , some of the `` culture clash '' scenes of the Bradys interacting with the rest of the world were the funniest , such as McKean 's character not understanding a word of what she 's saying because of her lisp , an attempted car-jack `` Well , this is a car . But my name 's not Jack ! '' and Marcia 's best female friend being a lesbian with a hopeless crush on her.There 's not really enough room to say enough good things about this movie , but here 's some of them . First , the dead-on impressions are great , especially Alice , Jan , and Marcia , but Robert Reed is really the stand-out-he sounds more like Mike Brady than Mike Brady , and has his mannerisms down perfect . Lots of in-jokes and references that kids who did n't watch the show wo n't get but those of us like me that did will get
 `` The Brady Bunch '' movie is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen . But instead of boring you with what the plot is , I 'll just share some of my favorite quotes : DAD
 The Brady Bunch Movie is much funnier than the tv series because it keeps the Bradys in the 70s , while the rest of the world is in the 90s , and plays their wholesomeness for laughs . All the plot elements you loved in the tv series are back
 You ca n't go wrong with this spotless , dead on parody of the incredibly popular television series . The Brady 's still have their 70 's lifestyle going on . Hair , clothes , slang , you name it . But it is present day . The 90 's . We see the two different cultures collide in a hysterical way . Shelley Long is perfect as Carol Brady . She is absolutely flawless . Gary Cole , as Mike Brady , is astounding . His voice and mannerisms are so unbelieveably Robert Reed , that it is nothing short of creepy . He is perfect . The kids are incredible . Christine Taylor as Marcia is a clone of T.V. Marcia . Right on the money . And , by the way , what a hot Marcia ! . Michael McKean and Jean Smart as the neighbors are equally entertaining . Some of the jokes are sorta mean , but that 's what makes it work . It 's sort of making fun of the Brady 's . There are several jokes and scenes that are spoofs of storylines in actual Brady episodes . If you do n't know your Brady stuff , then a lot of the jokes will go right over your head . Of course , there are a number of the original cast members that pop up through the film . That was very welcome . Many people have said how stupid this film was . It 's not stupid . If people think it was , then it 's only because that 's the way it was supposed to be . Making fun of the Brady 's and their own way of the world circa the 1970 's . If you call the movie stupid , your not slamming the movie . Your only praising it . That was the point . Do yourself a great favor and see this movie ! . It 's a hoot and a half ! . Everybody have a sunshine day ! .
 As a fan of the original show , I was worried about how they would poke fun at the show , but it is really well done . Basically , the Brady 's have been picked up from the 70 's and dropped in the middle of the 90 's , which provides for many notable scenes that show how much the times have changed . For those fans of the original series , you 'll see lots of references to the original show , from the way they walk down the stairs to the songs they sing . The Brady 's are late on their property taxes . However , their neighbor , who wants to buy their house for the land to build a mini-mall , and has the tax notices . By the time they find out about it , their house is going to be auctioned . The Brady 's have to come up with $ 20,000 to save their house . This movie is almost a combination of the Brady episodes `` Amateur Nite '' and `` To Move or Not to Move '' . This is a hilarious movie . If you are a fan of the original series , you 'll really enjoy this movie . If you 've never seen the original show , you 'll still love this movie . And make sure to look for cameos by some of the original cast members !
 This is one of the funniest television-show-based movies that I have ever seen . All of those wacky misadventures of the Brady family are shown in all their satiric glory here . Whether you love or hate the Brady Bunch 's TV show , you will get a laugh out of this film.I especially love the portrayal of Jan and Marcia Brady done here . Check this one out . A +
 Being a Brady Bunch fan I rented this movie and was at first surprised that it was n't set in th 70 's but instead it was the 90 's and The Brady 's were still stuck in the 70 's but the more I watched I realized just how funny it was and the whole joke about the neighbors not seeing a toilet in the bathroom whenver they visted the Brady 's was pretty funny and also an obvious statement of just how silly it was that the censors in the 70 's deemed it offensive to show a bathroom with a toilet . I liked everyone in this move they were all great but I think I liked Christine Taylor the most and even though exaggerated she really got Marcia who could be conceited and snobby at times quite accurately , I also think Gary Cole was perfect as Mike with his long lectures and speeches and finger wagging and Shelley Long and Jennifer Elise Cox were both good as Carol and Jan and though it 's a very funny movie I slightly prefer the sequel which was just a little bit sillier but I just loved that whole tripping with the Brady 's scene ! If you are a Brady fan than I highly recommend both movies !
 If you are looking for a hilarious comedy that will have you rolling on the floor for hours and hours that is n't too bad for the little children ? Well if the answer is yes , then this movie is the perfect movie for you . Then after this movie won 6 Emmy 's they came out with another sequal that earned 4 Emmy 's , and then , the final and the best sequal -LRB- The Third -RRB- is the most funny , it is where Greg Brady becomes President .
 the brady bunch movie is a good movie i first sall the movie two years a go on nbc when shall it i that it was the tv show then it got a bit werid i then i new was not the tv show then on tv it said it was the movie i never new they did a remake of the brady bunch i that it was kind of neat and then two weeks later i liked it so much i rent it i was disapointment there where parts that did not show i did not get it i that when get it on video they are post to to show all parts but in stend they did it back werds they parts they did not show when greg was paling in garege band with next door nabers kinds when the lady next door doning soming to peter where and when the man next door was goning to the bathroom was cut out on the video but was shown on tv this still is a good movie the but the video was disapointment i wish they could make the video with a the parts shown on tv and i show wonder why they have not put this movie on dvd yet the ones ho make the brady bunch movie on video video of this movie iwish the video of the brady bunch movie could show the parts they did on tv i wish they could the video like that for no on and try to make dvd of the movie with the parts they showed on tv i now i am asking to much but if you could i a would like it thank you .
 I stumbled across the movie watching TV . As I have never heard about the TV-Series before , I was at first very reluctant to keep on watching , as everything about it seemed to be somewhat silly . After five minutes however , I was not able to get that big smile out of my face which was definitely caused by what I was seeing . And I actually felt that effect for more than two days . A really great movie , indeed .
 This movie was hilarious -LRB- made even moreso by the fact that I watched it with two friends named Marcia and Peter -RRB- . I was laughing throughout the whole thing . Of course , you have to have seen the original episodes in order to understand the humor fully . Great film !
 Everyone told me that this movie stunk!Boy were they wrong!This is one of the most hilarious movies I have ever seen in my entire life!The plot was great and the comedy was very funny.If you love comedy 's , then see this movie .
 We enjoyed watching this on TV and decided to order the movie for our collection . It is a cute move and I 'd recommend it for family viewing !
 `` The Brady Bunch Movie '' is a hilarious and , yes , touching tribute to one of TV 's classic sitcoms . All of the actors get into the classic roles perfectly , a task perhaps made more daunting considering the eccentric stereotypes of each were deliberately brought to the forefront . The plot , which combines a modern-day problem with Brady-style solutions , is wonderfully written . Brady cameos are hilarious and on-target ! This film is such a joy to watch when one needs a pick-me-up after a hard day . The only disappointment is the total lack of bonus features . No deleted scenes , no interviews , not even any memories of `` The Brady Bunch '' itself . These would have been interesting to watch .
 Loved it , very funny totally corny . `` Yea this is a car only my name isnt Jack it 's Greg '' lol great stuff ... Watch it
 this a spoof that will not be forgotten . It is so funny . This is one of my favorite comedy movie i ever seen !
 i love this movie im glad there have a dvd of it now the ones who make the dvd of the brady bunch movie could you put the extra scenes in the scenes where greg is next door tring to play with band and the scenes where peter is mowing there the brady next doors lon and the women next door is tring to seduce peter and the scene where the bradys next door man finds termits in little girl scince pogect and the scene where he is tring to put the termits in the bradys yard and the dog comes and puts it back in his bathroom and the scene where the next door man is going to the bath room before the dvd of this movie comes out the ones who make the dvd of the brady bunch movie could you please put in the extra scenes i no im am asking to much but you can i would like it a lot .
 I was and still never a big fan of the original t.v. series . I love this movie though . Gary Cole looks nothing like the original Father , but i think he is the funniest part of the show . Shelly long also did a good job playing Carol Brady . I was disapointed Tiger the dog did n't make a cameo appearance . I guess the movie could n't be perfect .
 this is a groovy movie.mike and carol have to raise 20,000 dollars by the end of the week but the kids have their own problems.greg wants to be the new johnny bravo , marcia gets a swollen nose before the school dance , peter 's voice is changing , jan ca n't take being the middle child anymore -LRB- marcia marcia marcia -RRB- , nobody will talk to bobby because he is the safety moniter , and cindy is a tattletale.the kids go on search for the stars and win 20,000 dollars .
 This movie is a very good movie ! but it is not better than the Very Brady Sequel ! the Movie is about -LRB- Gary Cole -RRB- Mike Brady is trying to get is house back ! becuase they got a bill saying they have not paid their house taxes . so they have to ear 20,000 dollars withinone week if they dont earn 20,000 dollars the house will be oxgyen off ! so the Brady Kids Marcia , Greg , Peter , Jan , Bobby , Cindy , are going to help too but their parents dont know ! my favorite part is about when Marcia gets hit in the noise by a football !
 This is one of the funniest movies ever . I , being a `` The Brady Bunch '' fan , adored the whole thing . I mean , there is one part that I feel embarrased watching -LRB- when Cindy goes to the Dittmeyers ' house -RRB- . But , anyways , overall , great movie ! It has cameos -LRB- not from all the Bradys , but a pretty good amount -RRB- : four . Christopher Knight -LRB- who played Peter Brady on the original series -RRB- plays a coach . I did n't notice it at first , but the second time I saw it the other day , I saw it and noticed it.Ann B.Davis -LRB- who played Alice -RRB- played a trucker , Florence Henderson -LRB- who played Carol -RRB- played Grandma Brady -LRB- ironically -RRB- ! And finally , Barry Williams -LRB- aka Greg -RRB- played a music agent . The film spoofed classic Brady storylines -LRB- like Marcia 's football incident , Cindy being a tattletale , Bobby being a Safety Monitor , etc. -RRB- . And then the overall plot had the Brady kids cashing in money to stop their house from being sold for $ 20,000 by Larry Dittmeyer , the tryant next-door neighbor -LRB- played by Michael McKean -RRB- . The parents knew first . Anyways , I do n't want to spoil too much , but enjoy the movie !
 It was good but the cast members were not half as good of actors as the original cast was .
 the movie is reel good movie a reamake of old brady bunch tv show the cast is good to crintina taylor looks and talks just like morine morcormick im glad that they finale put this on dvd if you never liked the old tv show from the 70s then youl like this won becase it is not just a remake of the brady bunch tv show from the 70s its also making fun of it and you are brady bunch fan youl love to .
 This Movie Is So Funny!The First Time I Saw This Movie , At The Theater , The Crew Had Decorated The Hall Down To The Theater Because People Had Said It Was A Hit.And It Really Was.It Is Classic Wholesome Family Fun , With A Heavy 90 's Twist.In This Update Of The Film , The Brady Kids Must Save The House , And The Family Bye Raising 20k Intime.This Movie Is Too Cool And Too Funny.A Scene That Will Always Stick Out In My Mind Is When Jan Is Running Away And You Can See Alice Wearing Bondage Clothes!Now That Is A Reason Right There Huh?That Davy Jones Concert Twist Thing Was Pretty Good.I , Being A Young Male , Was Not Around To Like The Show , But From What I Have Seen And Heard , It Is Pretty Realistic.Ofcourse , Those Are Just My Thoughts.IO Could Be Wrong .
 The movie is based on a flawed premise
 The Brady Bunch Movie was one of the best movies I have ever seen . The Brady Bunch Movie is definately the best Brady Bunch thing or movie or show ever . It is full of Funny things . I mean cindy has a lisp and their neighbor has no clue what she says ever so that is funny . Peter is going through puberty and his voice is HISTARICAL . Greg thinks that he is a Rock Star and entitles himself as Johny Brovo . Bobby is the only half normal one but he is one the safety patrol team at school . Jan wants to be someone that she is not and tries to not wear her glasses , has this voice that says she is stupid and she tries to disguise herslef as someone else . Marcia is so full of her self that it is well funny . And Mr and Mrs. Brady are very much still in love and sometimes it goes almost a little overboard . Their neighbors , The Ditmeyers , are also extremely funny . Mrs. Ditmeyer is a raging alchholic and she is always suffering from a hangover . Mr is a realtor that tries to persuade the Brady 's to sell their house so a residential mini-mall can be built . I would recomend this movie to anyone that is a fan of the old Brady Bunch series and thank you for your time and I hope that I have been a little helpful !
 although i am only 12 i absolutely love this movie it rules . it is even better than titanic . i love the clothes they wear in it and the music . i totally reccomend this movie . it is my favourite movie of all time . Thankyou
 This movie is insanely funny . You do n't have to even like the show to enjoy this movie . As long as you know what the Brady Bunch is about , this movie will make you laugh all the way through . They did a very good job capturing the 70 's look and feel in the Brady home , and how everything around it instantly turns into the modern day 90 's around them.The casting was very well done as well . All of the Brady kids look strinkingly similar to their original 70 's counterparts . Cindy will annoy you , Bobby will flaunt his safety rules , Jan will go psycho over Marcia 's constant attention , Peter will struggle with Puberty , Greg will struggle with the ladies , and Marcia will enjoy being Marcia . Mike Brady will guide the young Bradys with his deep , insightful , and confusing words of wisdom , while Mrs. Brady will say , `` You 're father 's right , kids ! '' A few of the original Bradys even pop up in the movie through hilarious cameos.I definately recommend this movie to all of the hardcore Brady Bunch fans as well as those who just enjoy a good , hilarious , well executed movie . I personally was n't a big fan of the show , but I found the movie insanely hilarious and find myself watching it over and over again .
 Growing up ` The Brady Bunch ' was a staple in my house . Sure it was all reruns but they were good reruns ! I had never seen ` The Brady Bunch Movie ' though until just last week when my wife suggested we watch it . She knew how much I loved the show and was astonished that I had never seen the movie . Preparing myself for a letdown I sat before the television and waited . I waited for that said letdown for about 80 minutes but it never came . In fact I 'm tempted to say that there is absolutely nothing director Betty Thomas could have done to improve upon this comedy . The cast was perfect -LRB- do n't get me started on the uncanny Christine Taylor/Maureen McCormack resemblance -RRB- , the script was ideal and the setting could n't have been better . Taking the Brady household into the 90 's was one thing , but the way they did it was even better . The film is shot like an episode of ` The Brady Bunch ' and the set pieces are downright identical -LRB- even down to the Astroturf which is commented on by their neighbors ... Hilarious ! -RRB- . The plot for this parody has the Brady 's trying to raise enough money to save their home . Their neighbor , the greedy Mr. Dittmeyer , has convinced the entire community to sell their homes but if he ca n't get the Brady 's to sell then his business deal will fall through and he wo n't make the boat loads of money he 's counting on . Because of some back taxes the Brady 's actually stand a chance at losing their home for good and with Mr. Dittmeyer trying his hardest to stifle any chance of success in raising the money the Brady 's are having the hardest time working things out.The kids have their own problems though . Greg is trying to woo a girl at school but his brand of pursuit just does n't mesh well with the 90 's world he 's oblivious to . Peter is also having some girl problems , mainly because the girl that he likes and that actually likes him is currently dating the Dittmeyer 's rebellious son Eric . Marcia is trying to decide who to go to the dance with , the sweet guy who asked her first or the sex-hungry jock who asked her last . Jan , still living in Marcia 's shadow , struggles with finding her own identity and standing apart from her scene stealing sister . The two younger children , Bobby and Cindy , are kinda just there to be there but Cindy does have this hilarious lisp that Mr. Dittmeyer ca n't understand , and that serves up some laughs . Cindy is also struggling with her incessant tattling , so when she overhears the financial troubles her parents are in she debates whether or not she should tell anyone.What 's also wonderful about this film is that is rehashes some of the greatest moments in Brady Bunch history , like the football to the face and the wig Jan donned in the show -LRB- except here her wig is a little more eccentric -RRB- . This film also delves into the insanity behind Jan 's inner rage against her sister which is represented by voices in her head . The actors all do a wonderful job in getting down pat the mannerisms of the original cast which helps make everything feel authentic . Shelly Long and Gary Cole are spot on as Carol and Mike Brady , and all the kids are great , especially the girls . Christine Taylor , Jennifer Elise Cox and Olivia Hack are superb here . Another standout is Jean Smart who plays Mrs. Dittmeyer , a drunk who hates her husband and lusts after Mike Brady , and it turns out his sons as well . Michael McKean is hilarious as Mr. Dittmeyer , but he 's upstaged in almost every scene by Hack 's Cindy.So in the end ` The Brady Bunch Movie ' is top notch hilarity that does the amazing show total justice . I have yet to see ` The Very Brady Sequel ' but I 'll be sure to check it out . Here 's to hoping it 's half as good as this brilliant parody .
 When I first watched this movie , I really was n't looking forward to seeing it . I enjoyed watching the television show when I was a kid , but it was n't one of my favorite shows . However , this film really surprised me and turned out to be the funniest movie I 've seen in years.The movie is hilarious . It parodies everything that made the Brady the Bradys -LRB- Cindy 's lisp , Mike 's family talks , potato sack races , etc -RRB- . All the actors have a dead-on impersonations of the original characters and make the spoof totally believable.The major plot of the film is fairly simple . The Brady 's owe $ 20,000 in back taxes and their beloved home is going to be sold if they ca n't raise the funds . Their next door neighbor is a greedy developer who wants to build a shopping mall in the Bradys neighborhood . All the other homeowners have sold , but the Bradys wo n't bite . The desperate developer seems to have lost , until he finds out about the Bradys ' back taxes . Then things get messy . There is also a subplot revolving around Jan 's struggle with being a middle child and always being overlooked by Marcia . Jan 's `` struggle '' is one of the most hilarious things I have seen on film in a long time . You 'll never think of hearing voices the same again -LRB- or Jan Brady for that matter -RRB- . Overall a hilarious film that parodies the original television series . The movie has the blessing of the Bradys creator -LRB- he wrote the screenplay -RRB- . It is a delight for anyone who remembers the original series and even if you do n't , you 're sure to have a few laughs with this 70 's family living in a modern world .
 This movie would have stayed off my radar if not for my wife 's habit of watching old _ Brady Bunch _ reruns . -LRB- Stop snickering , you . It 's like a disability
 In this very funny parody of The Brady Bunch , you 'll find a clever twist on the Brady Bunch sit-com . Take the cheesy , 60 's family , and put them in the 90 's . Oh boy ; you 've got yourself a comedy ! This silly , goofy film will entertain fans of the series , and non-fans . Many puns relating to the series can be found , so keep your eyes open !
 I must say , the only reason that I checked this movie out was because it had Davy Jones in it . -LRB- Plus a glimpse of Peter Tork , Mickey Dolenz and the Partridge Family bus . -RRB- At first I was skeptical , thinking something was seriously wrong with the movie , but I realized they were in the 90 's and it took a totally hilarious turn . Very well acted . Marcia 's snobbiness is totally complete . I also like the way they put 2 of the original Brady Bunch characters into it . -LRB- Mom and Marcia . It 's pretty obvious . -RRB- All in all , if you like anything old-fashioned and funny -LRB- namely The Monkees and the Partridge Family -RRB- added into already funny films , this would be a good selection . Especially Monkees fans .
 My friend told me about how funny it was , so I said , `` OK , I think I know about the Brady Bunch , because I had to do this drama play at school , and I was Jan. '' So I went and rented it , and I was laughing for days . Now I watch the original show , and I ca n't stop singing `` Sunshine Day '' -LRB- check it out on the CD , Amazon offers it for a great price -RRB- and the groovy theme ! If you liked this , or maybe you did n't , try `` A Very Brady Sequel '' which is funnier , but does n't have the better plot.Go Jan !
 My name is Amanda and I 'm in a 10th grade world history class . We are currently studying the Great Depression and WWII and we have just finished watching Brother , Can You Spare a Dime . This movie helped me to understand not only the culture and life of this era but also helped me to understand the things that led up to the Depression and Stock market crash as well as Pearl Harbor and WWII . I 'd recommend this movie to anyone who wants an entertaining way to learn a bit about history .
 Shows the real down in the trenches struggle of America during the depression . In our times of prosperity and wealth , we sometimes forget it was n't so long ago that money was almost impossible to come by , soup lines were many peoples only source of survival and life without all the gadgets and other pleasures we take for granted is very tough.Saletag .
 This documentary should not be down-graded due to its lack of narration . The lack of commentary is exactly what makes this such a unique piece of work and all the more memorable and fascinating.I think the film is compelling enough to motivate those who may not fully understand the history of the Great Depression to learn more , which will only enhance their next viewing .
 As of 2/12 , no matter which format you seek an authorized copy of BROTHER CAN YOU SPARE A DIME in -LRB- UK-1975 -RRB- , it 's selling for `` collectable '' prices , even as a used item . Unfortunate , as this is one of the most outstanding and unique documentaries ever made . Outstanding for its brilliant editing and non-stop pastiche of snapshots , movie and newsreel clips ; unique for reanimating the years 1929 to '41 without a single word of obtrusive narration.Most footage here has rarely been seen since the Thirties . Among these clips are
 As of 2/12 , no matter which format you seek an authorized copy of BROTHER CAN YOU SPARE A DIME in -LRB- UK-1975 -RRB- , it 's selling for `` collectable '' prices , even as a used item . Unfortunate , as this is one of the most outstanding and unique documentaries ever made . Outstanding for its brilliant editing and non-stop pastiche of snapshots , movie and newsreel clips ; unique for reanimating the years 1929 to '41 without a single word of obtrusive narration.Most footage here has rarely been seen since the Thirties . Among these clips are
 My father introduced me to this doc . when I was fairly young , and I loved it at even a young age . It combines news and movie clips that flow together wonderfully with period music -LRB- alot of great Woody Guthrie -RRB- The end is lacking as it jumps raggedly into the next 20 years and then ends , but on a whole it is a great film ! -LRB- I introduced it to many of my history teachers as an alternative to poorly acted educational films . -RRB-
 Great anthropology of the Great Depression . I think this was an HBO special I saw about 10 years ago . There are some classic scenes from some great movies and some wonderful pieces of nostolgia from that period .
 I had seen this video many years ago and always wanted a copy . It sports a cast of famous and not so famous characters . It is a statement on the human condition and mans resilience in the face of hardships that would make Jobe surrender .
 I have no idea how close to reality this is or is n't . But it is full of momentum and it is solidly entertaining .
 If you like political-themed dramas , this one is it . Nicolas Sarkozy , who today was unelected from his position as French president , rose to power from within his ministry of interior position back in 2007 . This movie , although claimed to be fiction , really is about Sarkozy 's behind-the-scene bantering to gain power.The acting is very well done . All the actors actually look like the people they are representing
 I thoroughly enjoyed this movie . It kept my attention until the end on a topic that normally would garner no interest . It was that well made . The actors were a very good match to the real people involved and it was fascinating to watch the story play out . I would actually have liked the story to continue .
 This movie gets pretty crazy in some parts ... although Broderick 's and Baldwin 's rather restrained performances really help in keeping it from going completely over the top ... Some funny takes on the fbi and movies etc with a rather unusual visual treatment in atmosphere -LRB- using boston , the desert , etc -RRB- ... alot of different camo actors add interest ... Reminds me of Mistress with Robert DeNiro which is possibly a better film -LRB- mostly because of Landau 's great performance -RRB- ...
 The Last Shot is a very unique black comedy about the making of a fake movie as an FBI plot to capture the mobsters . Alec Baldwin is an unerdercover cop named Joe Devine pretending to be Lou Diamond , a movie producer who hires a wannabe screenplay wright -LRB- Matthew Broderick/Steven Zancht -RRB- to direct a movie based on his script entitled Arizona . This movie is based on a true story and it 's funny to see how Broderick 's character go through the whole experience without a clue his `` directorial debut '' is captured on candid camera the whole time.Toni Collette is very striking as a washed up A-list nominated actress -LRB- Emily French -RRB- desperately seeking a career revival role , and she got the lead of Arizona after doing a dead on audition for Diamond and Zancht . Calista Flockhart plays Zancht 's girlfriend who is an umemployed actress , and she ended up having to play a supporting role in Arizona . Other supporting players including Ray Liotta , and Joan Cusack who gets to deliver some very dirty lines . Both Alec Baldwin and Matthew Broderick turned in funny and convincing performances .
 With its penchant for crude , mordant sardonic humour , the Last Shot would have to be of the funniest movies to be released in recent years . Remarkably clever in its re-imagining of a supposedly true story , The Last Shot also features a fine ensemble cast that includes Alec Baldwin , Matthew Broderick , Calista Flockhart Tim Blake Nelson , and the gorgeous Toni Collette.Baldwin starts as FBI agent Joe Devine , who is trying to catch some mobsters on Teamster-related racketeering charges by posing as a Hollywood producer . He heads to Los Angeles to make a movie , any movie , and happens upon a screenwriter named Steven Schats -LRB- Broderick -RRB- who 's penned a tear-jerker called `` Arizona , '' about a woman with cancer combing the desert for the Hopi Indians before she dies.When Devine asks the innocent and down and out Schats to direct the movie , he 's overwhelmed . Maybe things will start looking up again , he lives near the city pound and he currently needs to get out of his apartment otherwise his struggling actress girlfriend -LRB- Flockhart -RRB- is really going to go mad at all the barking dogs.Of course the whole production is a sham , but Devine needs to have a reason to get close to the Teamsters , who , are in Rhode Island , which means that he has to convince Schats to ship the shoot east , where `` Arizona '' can still be made , with Providence starring as the Grand Canyon . Schats does n't understand how that could possibly happen but he rolls with it , desperate to make his dream of being a successful come true.Much madcap hilarity ensures as the production team set up shop in Providence and score the big time with a `` nominated '' vile , irreverent starlet -LRB- an hilarious Collette -RRB- . Even wackier is when the FBI gets carried away and begins to insist on having input into the movie 's creative process . One thing leads to another and the FBI eventually catch up with the mob , just as the first scene of Arizona is about to be shot.Director Jeff Nathanson displays real off-kilter flair , with an ability to find humor in , of all things , dog suicide , and urinating in a glass . His humor is at once shocking but also remarkably cheeky , and he knows how to pace his story well . The actors appear to be having a ball with the wacky dialogue , which stretches from loopy to the bilious . An unaccredited Joan Cusack is particularly hilarious , playing a crazed , cynical , potty-mouthed producer who lists among her accomplishments , that she once `` dated the black guy on Hill Street Blues . `` Although Broderick does his trademark wretched , innocent sad sack , he really makes you feel for his character , imbuing him with integrity and making us believe that really loves Devine for believing in him and his cruddy little movie.Nathanson is also having lots of fun actually poking fun at the industry , and Los Angeles locals will really appreciate his efforts to create an absurd entertainment microcosm that is really a hilarious slant on the real industry . Playfully overwritten and over directed , and mostly a loveless letter to Hollywood , The Last Shot is full of pathetic people slouching toward fame , but who are also incredibly endearing in their ultimate love of movies.The film is ultimately a movie about movie fakery , based on a true story about a bogus movie , but in the end , none of it matters because the fakery is all so incredibly well done . Mike Leonard May 05 .
 This is Matthew at his best ! This movie is very hilarious . It is actually inspired my an actual true story . It is very funny from beginning to end . If you like Matthew Broderick , you will really , really like this movie .
 Based on an article on unique FBI operation to arrest a mobster , slightly off-beat comedy ` The Last Shot ' offers two good things -- one is the comical look on Hollywood movies and the people involved , and the other is the endearingly funny `` odd couple '' of Matthew Broderick and Alec Baldwin.FBI thought of a brilliant idea -LRB- believe it or not , it 's based on truths -RRB- . FBI agent Joe -LRB- excellent Baldwin -RRB- is assinged a strange job by his boss Ray Liotta to disguise himself as Hollywood producer , and invite unsuspecting , unemployed film director Steve -LRB- Broderick at his best -RRB- to join in his ` project ' to make a film . Incredibley to Steve , Joe allows him eveything -- final cut , casting approval , everything . Very happy Steve joins in the project , not knowing the truths behind that.Actually , this is a sting to arrest a mobster boss Tony Shalhaub for racketeering . Believing all these lies , however , Broderick 's Steve cast his girlfriend -LRB- Calista Flockhart -RRB- as the lading lady , in HIS film about a dying woman in the desert of Arizona . But Joe as FBI wants the film shot in Rhode Island , and lots of silly things start to happen -- like changing the settings , dialogues , and even the ending.Yes , the FBI article is only a starting point for this comedy , and the film is in fact a satrical look on Hollywood-style film-making , and first-time director Jeff Nathanson surely knows the rukes of this industry . -LRB- Incidentally , this is the third film Jeff Natahnson is involved , which is based on the real-life event
 `` The Last Shot '' is a satirical but good-natured look at the film industry and the passion to make movies . It was inspired by a real 1989 FBI sting operation , in which an FBI agent posing a producer enlisted two unwitting filmmakers to make a movie in Providence , Rhode Island in order to net some mobsters . In `` The Last Shot '' , ambitious FBI agent Joe Devine -LRB- Alec Baldwin -RRB- dreams up `` Operation Dramex '' to nail mobster Tommy Sanz -LRB- Tony Shalhoub -RRB- by bribing him to intercede with the Teamsters on a movie that Divine will pretend to produce . But first Divine will need a script . Stephen Schats -LRB- Matthew Broderick -RRB- has been trying to stir up interest in his script , called `` Arizona '' , for years while managing a movie theater and running a kennel for celebrities ' dogs in Hollywood . He thinks his dreams have finally come true when Joe offers to finance the film , with Stephen allowed to direct , no less . Devine does n't actually want to make the movie , but only to use pre-production to trap Sands . But Devine and his FBI colleagues get caught up in cinematic and professional ambition and end up taking the film and the sting operation farther than they had intended . `` The Last Shot '' sends up the entire film industry , from Hollywood players to aspiring producers to writer wannabes . It even pokes fun at the vaunted passion to create art . Writer/director Jeff Nathanson 's decision to spare no one is one of the film 's strengths . Another is the fantastic cast . Alec Baldwin is perfect , and the depth of the supporting cast kept surprising me . Toni Collette is very funny as a screwed-up actress and former `` it girl '' desperate to resuscitate her career . Calista Flockhart is Steven 's actress girlfriend even more desperate to start a career . Joan Cusack parodies a television producer recruited to teach the FBI about the movie business . Ray Liotta is Joe Devine 's brother and FBI superior . Maybe only big fans of film and of filmmaking will find `` The Last Shot '' hilarious , but , if that 's you , you wo n't want to miss this all-out send-up . The DVD -LRB- Buena Vista 2005 release -RRB-
 THE LAST SHOT is based on an amazing true story wherein the FBI sets up a phony movie production to snare some top criminal figures , such as John Giotti and his gang . Alec Baldwin plays FBI agent Joe Devine , who wants to move on to bigger and better things , especially after the suicide death of his beloved dog , Sasha . He convinces the agency to front a fake movie in order to catch a big crime ring in Providence , Rhode Island , of all places . He manages to convince aspiring screenwriter Matthew Broderick that his script for `` Arizona '' is a movie he is willing to produce , and from thereon , things get sticky . Baldwin is very good in his role as is the sheepish Broderick . A strong supporting cast including Toni Collette as a fading actress ; Tony Shalhoub as the target of the scam ; Joan Cusack as a sharp-tongued agent ; Tim Blake Nelson as Broderick 's frustrated brother ; Calista Flockhart as Brodericks neurotic girlfriend , help make THE LAST SHOT an entertaining , bittersweet dramedy . You 'll find lots of places to laugh in the send up of the independent movie industry .
 THE LAST SHOT is best viewed with a bit of info to let the patient viewer understand what is coming . The opening titles are clever , dealing with movie paraphernalia that serve as matrices for the stars and production staff names and should give a sense of what is to come . But it is n't until the first 20 or so minutes into the film that the significance of the movie can be appreciated.Based on an apparently true news article , THE LAST SHOT takes a pot shot at not only Hollywood , but also organized crime , production magnates , the FBI , and little people with big dreams lost in the elusive utopia of fame.The plot is well outlined on these pages . Suffice it to say that the FBI sends Joe Devine -LRB- Alec Baldwin -RRB- to Hollywood to pose as a producer to lure the underground crime lord Tommy Sanz -LRB- Tony Shalhoub -RRB- to surface and be caught . Devine needs a script as he discovers from the gross Fanny Nash -LRB- Joan Cusack at her hilarious best -RRB- and gradually encounters Steven Schats -LRB- Matthew Broderick -RRB- who with his pathetic brother Marshall Paris -LRB- Tim Blake Nelson -RRB- has written an unmarketable , nonsalable script called ` Arizona ' . Devine grabs on to the project , making Schats the director -LRB- his dream come true -RRB- and casts the film with has-been actress with box office draw Emily French -LRB- Toni Collette who looks terrific and adds yet another priceless cameo to her brilliant repertoire -RRB- and Valerie Weston -LRB- Calista Flockhart -RRB- who just happens to be Schats ' squeeze.The process of filmmaking and the infectious delirium of Hollywood affects everyone in this film - even the FBI and especially Devine who softens into a man who wants to provide the ` littleman ' Schats with his dream . The humor is broad , WAY over the top , crude , and slapstick and in so many ways this movie mimics all of the intangible oddities that make Hollywood what it is . The performances by Baldwin , Broderick , Cusack , Flockhart - and , well , all of the inserted cameos - are excellent . Once you get the premise of this film it moves from being inane to being a really terrific parody with some sensitive metaphors . Grady Harp , June 05
 I never saw this movie in the theatre , but happened across it on televison , saw it , and decided to purchase the DVD.No , it 's not rocket science , but it is a very fun movie with some great acting and a mind-bending plot . Broderick and Baldwin are great . There 's some very racy and very funny dialogue , and the best thing in the film is Joan Cusack.Based on a true story -LRB- somewhat -RRB- , this is a very funny and well-put-together movie .
 If you like Alex Baldwin , then you will enjoy this film . It is a funny film to start with , but Alec keeps the funny going .
 I came across `` The Last Shot '' when it ran on the Comedy Channel and am now here on Amazon to buy it ! Very funny , clever , great satire , the acting and actors are hilarious . One of Alec Baldwin 's best characters - which he went further with on `` Will & Grace '' . Very well done , fun to watch Hollywood enjoy itself without getting over self-indulgent . A film that left me smiling . I recommend this unexpected find .
 This movie is great . It is very entertaining and hilarious . Matthew Broderick does a superb job acting in the role of a down and out wan na be screen writer . The movie does a great job satirizing Hollywood as well as government agencies and has some very clever and very funny moments . I highly recommend it .
 My heart is in LA. . It always will be . As a former Westsider , I particularly enjoyed this satire . Fun.Ennui , a short black and white film on the disk , was just a good .
 Bitingly funny satire of the snobbery that West Los Angeles people have about the valley . The movie is nicely paced , with some very colorful photography and music and narrated by a young architect who wants to work exclusively on the Westside . Some unpredictable events transpire . The actors are all impressive , and the narrator is very effective at portraying a somewhat self-centered snob , but with lots of interesting things to say . Director/writer Charles Doran has some priceless , knowing lines about the valley in general , architecture and people of the valley , and living the good life on the westside . Things go along at a snappy pace . Also on the DVD is Ennui , an earlier , black-and-white film by Doran -LRB- and nicely photographed by Laura Daroca -RRB- , about a girl who 's moved back to the Hollywood area and has a somewhat edgy attitude about life . The lead actress is noticeably impressive and has a magnetic personality , talking in a monotone voice that 's very humorous . All in all , both movies are very effective in their edgy , humorous distinctiveness .
 I 'm glad Sea Hunters went on the search for the SS Carpathia . It 's true that most of the world forgot about the little ship that saved the Titanic survivors that night back in 1912 . Here , the hunters search the Atlantic for the lost ship . Their findings are amazing and will go in the history books .
 I saw this when I was a kid on the Family Film Festival hosted by Tom Hattan with that song by the little river band for the theme . I read all these reviews and I 'm so happy to know there are other people who liked this movie as much as I did . The fact that it was done in England only made it better becuase it brought the story closer to where the story took place and it also gave the movie a weird foriegn feel that I loved .
 This movie creeped the hell out of me as a child . When I came across it here , I just had to have it . It stills creeps me out . The overall feeling of the film is what Wonderland is suppose be like , dark , dreamy , at times brooding , and altogether strange . The fx make-up is greatly done . It does move a little slowly at some points , but is well worth the watch for any Alice in Wonderland fan .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- February 2005 : Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland -LRB- Released 25.04.05 -RRB- , DVD , released in UK.Widescreen 2.35:1 Anamorphic , English.As advertised : A fifiteen year old Fiona Fullerton heads an all star British cast in this double BAFTA winning musical comedy-widely regarded as the most lavish and most faithful adaptation of Lewis Carroll 's classic Fantasy Novel.One of the most enduring classic stories of all time ! Fully restored , digitally remastered in correct ` Scope Aspect Ratio ! Gorgeous Limited Edition DVD boxset with Book ! Grade ` A ' all star British cast!Filmed to mark the centenary of the completion of the Alice novels , this extravagantly lush British spectacle , which brings Sir John Tenniel 's famous illustrations enchantingly to life with a bewitching score by James Bond composer John Barry and BAFTA winning cinematography by Geoffrey Unsworth -LRB- 2001
 A lovely , teenaged Fiona Fullerton , of wistful countenance , but with expressive eyes that light up beautifully at mirthful moments , has the title role in this 1972 retelling of Lewis Carroll 's classic tale.Directed by William Sterling , and scored by John Barry , the latter of whom was at the height of his popularity at the time , it 's soft cinematography style is typical of movies of that era.It begins on a serene day as Alice and her sisters , Edith -LRB- Pippa Vickers -RRB- and Lorina -LRB- Victoria Shallard -RRB- are being rowed on an English lake by Lewis Carroll -LRB- Michael Jayston , who had co-starred with Fullerton in `` Nicholas and Alexandra '' a year earlier -RRB- and his friend , Duckworth -LRB- Hywel Bennett -RRB- . In his sharp , precise , and very distinct diction , Carroll begins to narrate the tale of Alice , and draws their attention to a White Rabbit -LRB- played with diffidance , distraction , and excellent comic timing by Michael Crawford , who would later don another white half-mask as `` The Phantom of the Opera '' -RRB- scurrying down a hole.Soon the adventure begins as a curious -LRB- and curiouser -RRB- Alice finds herself falling down the hole , chasing after the White Rabbit , and encountering a bevy of strange characters along the way , including a Mouse -LRB- Davy Kaye -RRB- a Dodo -LRB- William Ellis -RRB- , Guinea Pig Pat -LRB- Freddie Earlle -RRB- , Bill the Lizard -LRB- Julian Chagrin -RRB- , a second Guinea Pig -LRB- Mike Elles -RRB- , a Caterpillar -LRB- Ralph Richardson -RRB- who invites her to eat a growth - altering mushroom , Tweedledum and Tweedledee -LRB- Freddie and Frank Cox -RRB- , Fish and Frog Footmen -LRB- Peter O'Farrell , Peter Trigger -RRB- , a Duchess -LRB- Peter Bull -RRB- with a baby that will turn into a pig , an irate cook who makes a mess and uses too much pepper -LRB- Patsy Rowlands -RRB- , and a grinning Cheshire Cat -LRB- Roy Kinnear -RRB- . Stumbling upon a mad tea party , she encounters a Mad Hatter -LRB- Robert Helpmann , in a role that is a far cry from that of the intimidating child catcher in `` Chitty Chitty Bang Bang '' -RRB- , who gets some of the most outrageously funny lines in the film , Peter Sellers ' March Hare -LRB- a role which really put him in his element -RRB- , and Dudley Moore 's Doormouse.Disenchanted after that encounter Alice travels on to meet the 2,5 , and 7 of Spades -LRB- Dennis Waterman , Ray Brooks , and Richard Warwick -RRB- , and the King and Queen of Hearts themselves -LRB- a hostile Flora Robson contrasting sharply with a mild and amiable Dennis Price -RRB- . After a seaside frolic with a Mock Turtle -LRB- Michael Hordern -RRB- , and Spike Milligan 's nasal sounding Gryphon , Alice attends the trial of the Knave of Hearts -LRB- Rodney Bewes -RRB- , who is on trial for the theft of the Queen 's tarts -- trial presided over by an Eagle -LRB- Ray Edwards -RRB- , with a Monkey , Squirrel , Lory , Magpie , Frog , and a Duck -LRB- Stanley Bates , Melita Manger , Angela Morgan , June Kidd , Michael Reardon , and Brian Tripping respectively -RRB- serving as jurors.Frequently aggravated by the lack of logic displayed by those around her , Alice 's outspokeness earns their ire , and while they call for the decapitation of their young guest , who in every sense of the term has outgrown them , the ordeal ends mercifully and quickly enough , and soon Alice 's world is serene again.Viewers may feel enchanted by this retelling of Carroll 's tale of logic , in which a young girl holds her own in an uncertain world , and discovers herself to be bigger than her adversaries . -- A 1970s take of an 1865 story that can still be relevent in the present tense .
 Where has this classic been hiding ? Watched this for the first time and was plesently surprised how good it is , now my wife and I favorite of this story book fantasy.I even liked some of the inferfections of the movie . The girl who plays Alice is superb . I actually decided to buy this for my grand children .
 I bought this as a reward for my daughter who read the entire chapter book , but the whole family enjoyed watching it . The movie was in great shape considering the years since it was made . It was also nice to look again at the White Rabbit and Mad Hatter . I would recommend this to any parent who would like to spend some quality time with their children .
 Fiona Fullerton -LRB- A View to a Kill -RRB- joins a host of English cast members in this marvelous adaptation of Lewis Carroll 's novel , made in the early 1970s . James Bond soundtrack musician John Barry wrote an excellent score , and Fiona 's singing compliments it well , adapting the nonsense rhymes of Lewis Carroll to music . I much prefer these older versions to the modern remakes.Peter
 Soft is n't it ? I have to say that I agree with the majority of viewers , and lets hope a proper salvation happens someday . Unlike most who love this version because they saw it as a child , I first saw this as a teenager and it went right along with my Syd Barrett records , my paisly shirt and my rose tinted shades -LRB- Mid-80s LA was a little on the retro weird side -RRB- . The only version that doezzzz n't get just plain dull . Though other versions have great moments , this is the only one I could ever get all the way through still smiling and was a great way to start or round up an evening . And Dude ! Fiona is a babe ! John Barry 's score is nice and subtle if a bit unambitious -LRB- maybe -RRB- I actually like the way Alice seems to just sing song to herself instead of big musical numbers . It just seems to fit its own inspiration better.I 'm so happy I found this , and suffice to say , low quality ? ... this movie always was a bit submerged and fuzzy . Like a yellow submarine .
 This film is the absolute apex of all the films made about Alice In Wonderland . Forget about all those silly cartoon versions and really old black and white versions . In this live-action musical , the cast is talented and remarkable , possessing some very well-known British stars ; the directing top brass ; the pacing steady ; the sets , costumes , and special effects fantastic ; the cinematography excellent ; and John `` OO7 '' Barry 's score is absolutely delightful ! Lewis Carroll 's spirit , imagination , humour , wit , song and dance , and lunacy are all captured in this wonderful film . The only thing I would criticise about this production would be the choice of casting the actress Fiona Fullerton in the role of Alice
 I first saw this production on network TV back in the mid 70 's when I was 7 or 8 and the my clearest memory of it was how much of a babe Fiona Fullerton was . Seeing it again at the age of 33 , the quality of the film betrays its age , yet still maintains a timeless aura.The film starts off well , with a feel and look that stays true to my visions of the Lewis Carrol tale . I thought Alice 's drop down the rabbit hole , the great hall of doors , and the pool of tears were all very well done . Though the sets are obviously play-prodution quality , they still work for me . John Barry 's score is excellent and adds a hauntingly beautiful touch that , I 'm sure , Carrol would approve of.As far as performances go , the film does seem a bit top-heavy with talent . Indeed , this production has more `` Sir 's '' than King Arthur 's round table , and unfortunately , as with some other `` all-star '' films , the overall product does not necessarily equal the sum of the parts . Though some actors do live up to their reputations -LRB- Peter Bull and Peter Sellers are delightfully mad . -RRB- , several notables seem as lost as Alice . I was rather disappointed in particular with Sir Ralph Richardson as the caterpillar and Dudley Moore 's doormouse is extremely forgetable . I am at a loss to explain why his face adorns the VHS cover . All babeness aside , Fiona Fullerton does a solid job , especially considering much of her dialogue is spoken to herself . My only complaint is she seems to be having a little too much fun in some of the scenes , which detracts from the surreal undercurrents of the tale and negates any conflict which might arise.As with other productions of the Alice stories , I found this one contained certain incongruencies from scene to scene . The film ca n't seem to decide whether it 's merely a children 's tale or a darker venture into something else . The mad hatter 's tea party , for instance , is completely brainless , with only Peter Seller 's march hare bringing any insanity or intrigue to the scene . On the other hand , the chaotic mayhem in the Dutchess ' house might very well give children nightmares . The quantity and mood of the musical numbers , however , does suggest that this film was targeted at younger audiences.I suppose an eternal debate will continue over whether Carrol 's stories purposefully contained deeper themes or were simply meant to be innoccuous fairly tales . As for this production , it succeeds in capturing a part , if not all , of the strange world of wonderland .
 Of all the version 's of Lewis Carroll 's classic , this is the most faithful , with the glarring exception of editing out the meeting between Alice and Cheshire Puss , and adding the Tweedle brothers from Through the Looking Glass . Fiona Fullerton is a beautiful Alice , and has the voice to bring Don Black 's exceptional song 's to life . Well worth the viewing , and owning .
 You can tell from the scene of a beautiful rowboat , on an english country stream , with Micheal Jayston -LRB- of Casino Royale , and Tinker , Tailor , Solder Spy fame -RRB- and Hywel Bennett -LRB- also of Tinker , Tailor -RRB- commandeared by 3 beautiful young ladies on a beautiful summer day . It becomes dreamlike . John Barry 's score is enchanting and strange and dreamlike as well . The songs are short and never drag , but add to the mood , like something you might humm for a minute from a musical as you remember some scene or somebody you love . The sets are JUST RIGHT for the book and very much faithfull to the books original . Enchanting . And with greats of english cinema like Flora Robson , Roy Kinnear -LRB- remember `` Help '' and `` I should have been in Vivisection '' -RRB- , Dudley Moore -LRB- 10 , Cook and Moore -RRB- , Peter Sellers -LRB- pink panther , The goons show , Henry Orient -RRB- , Micheal Hordern , Spike Milligan -LRB- The Goons Show , The Three musketeers -RRB- , Peter Bull -LRB- captain of the Louisa in African Queen -RRB- on and on.Fiona Fullerton is very beautiful and sings very well and feelingly . But I would say that what dominates is an english sense of the absurd and love of puzzles and John Barry 's score.I bought 3 versions -LRB- sad I know -RRB- of USA released DVD 's and they were are garbage . I liked them in a way because the 4x3 blurry representation kind of felt dreamlike in a way . But when I bought the UK released widescreen version which is fairly clean and does show the very widescreen film version I was quit happy . Well the $ 100 USD DVD player I just bought at Walmart if very basic -LRB- can not remember where it was on two DVD 's and fails to talk to the TV without prodding -RRB- it does play all regions and so plays this -LRB- I thought I would only play on my laptop -RRB- at 720p -LRB- upscaled -RRB- . This version will fade before the 2010 release , but will come back in 3 years to crush it into non-existance . Why is a story book still so good for children and adults ? Because it has been perfected over 6000 years . Do you know what a doormouse is ? It is large like a small squirrel . It has a long bushy tail . It has large eyes for night and you see it sleeping in the eves in Europe . But you can not know . Why is CGI awful , because it is perfect for 13 year old boys and men who have minds that can not grow further . I work with computers but I do not want them telling me stories.Great sense of the material , great actors , enchanting music , intelligence will win over cartoons every time .
 Fiona Fullerton is charming as Alice , her wonder andbefuddlement appropriate to the character . Her charm and wit arethoroughly in the nature of Lewis Carroll 's delicious use of the English . Though perhaps too often one feels the sense of `` Uh-oh , another song ... , '' most of the songs are charming and Fiona , the sets , and costuming make up for much . Loved this version ... have yet to see one that surpasses in overall feel ... END
 I searched for this movie high and low at the video stores but to no avail , I was greatly disappointed . And one day on amazon.com voila !!! my dreams came true !! This movie always hypnotized me as a child , and still cherish it today !!! great movie !!
 I loved this movie as a child . My Father had a movie theatre and I watched it over and over . I did n't see it again until I was about 20 . I have looked for it everywhere . It is one of my favorites . Now my children can see it thanks to Amazon . I 'll enjoy it all over again !
 I admit this review is only what I remember of this film , since I have n't seen it in YEEAARRS ! But anyway including all the recent versions I have seen of this film this still stands out in my memory as the best version made of Alice . Not entirely accurate but still very good from what I recall . I ca n't stand the Disney version and not one of the ones done from the 1980 's to now were any good either . The only other good Alice film IMHO is Dreamchild about the original Alice -LRB- Hargreaves -RRB- coming to America to accept an honoray degree for Dodgson on the centeniary of his birth . A wonderful film that dealt with her 60 year or so memories of Dodgeson.Anyway I think I also recall they did a version of Looking Glass as well but I ca n't find anything about it . I would love to see a re-release of a GOOD copy of this film and if they did make Looking Glass , that one too !
 This is one in a series of reviews that will eventually be posted for every Alice in Wonderland title available on Amazon . When the Tim Burton rendition of AIW with Johnny Depp was due out in 2010 I thought it might be a good time to go back and watch the benchmark Walt Disney production from 1951 , which I saw - or assumed I saw - as a child . It was a chance to get reacquainted with the many varied characters from the story as sort of a warm up for the Burton film . Upon viewing the Disney classic I was astonished to realize that I had likely never seen more than a few clips -LRB- at most -RRB- of that beautifully rendered Alice in Wonderland . So much seemed brand new . Nor did I have a memory of ever seeing any other `` Alice '' production . Then I realized that I had never read the book ! Wait a minute . Where then did my memory of the Alice story come from ? The curiosity sparked by that question ultimately led me over the next two years to accumulate every version of Alice in Wonderland still in existence . Well over 40 by the way!This general commentary continues over in the review sections for both the 1951 AIW production from Walt Disney -LRB- Alice in Wonderland -LRB- Masterpiece Edition -RRB- -RRB- and the 2010 production starring Johnny Depp -LRB- Alice in Wonderland -RRB- . As these are the two most well known Alice 's , rather then attempt to add yet-another-review for those two films , it seemed like it might be a more fun use of the provided space to muse a bit on the popularity and remarkable longevity of the story spawned by Lewis Carroll in 1865 , as well as to share with you a bit of what I picked up while watching these 40 or so renderings of Alice in Wonderland . All other Alice productions listed by Amazon have a specific review for that title.Review of this 1972 version ... This is flat out one of the best `` straight-forward '' tellings of the Alice in Wonderland story . I 've been viewing the Alice movies available on Amazon in chronological order , and the entry viewed before this one was a TV production of `` Through the Looking Glass ... '' showcased as a musical -LRB- Alice Through the Looking Glass -RRB- . Yecch . What a relief it was to replace the memories of that eyesore with this quality production.This is one of the few `` Alice '' movies named after the actual title of the book , `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' . The accurate titling is a harbinger of what 's to come , as this production is steadfast in sticking to the actual dialog of the book . I kept pausing the movie and looking up the matching passage in the book , finding it quite accurate , the dialog often corresponding to the text of the book word-for-word . Having said that , even this film does not include every one of Alice 's encounters . So far I 've yet to see a production with the pigeon and the egg segment , and this film is no exception . Also , the writers could n't help but to throw in the Tweedledee / Tweedledum passage from Carroll 's sequel.But this movie works . Sixteen year old Fiona Fullerton steps up to play a great Alice . She can sing , she can dance , and she may well be the prettiest Alice to date . She can also act , emoting genuine reactions to her fantastical environment . The best part ; she looked like she was actually having fun interacting with the creatures of Wonderland.The film has one of those rare openings that portrays `` our '' Alice as the actual Alice Liddell that inspired Lewis Carroll to write down the story he made up for the Liddell girls on a boat ride down the River Thames . The movie opens on that fateful boat ride.The special effects are also worth noting . They are not at all `` in your face '' like so many digital effects of today . When Alice grows and shrinks it simply looks like she is REALLY growing and shrinking . They also did a nice effect on the hall of doors that gives the impression the hallway stretches to infinitely.The movie is filled with famous actors . Unlike some films where the `` famous actors '' sort of showboat their way around the set , these fine artisans disappeared so far into their respective characters as to be mostly unrecognizable . Worth noting is Peter Sellers making a return visit after playing the King of Hearts in the B&W ; 1966 British version with Anne-Marie Mallik . This time Sellers is deep undercover of makeup as the March Hare . Next to him most of the time is Dudley Moore playing the Dormouse . They play off each other very nicely . Then there is Ralph Richardson playing the caterpillar . This is a part that requires just the right actor and Richardson does n't disappoint -LRB- he would go on to play God in ` The Time Bandits ' a few years later and nail that role too -RRB- . Perhaps a lesser known actor to some , Michael Hordern , plays the Mock Turtle . This particular sequence is a must view , as the Turtle , the Gryphon and Alice dance it up in an unforgettable way.The croquet sequence is good too . It 's always interesting to see what kind of job they do dressing the King and Queen of Hearts . Here too a great job was done costuming all the players.So , at this point in history , 1972 , I think we have one of the best contemporary , live action , straight tellings of the Alice in Wonderland book , which is highly viewable for adults and kids . This is one for the collection . -LRB- and yes , the movie is not in good shape . This is one Alice movie really worth restoring ! -RRB- --------------- All the Alice reviews in this series are on Listmania :1 -RRB- Click on my user name -LRB- Coastalcruiser -RRB- 2 -RRB- Click on ` Listmania ! ' 3 -RRB- The click on See ` Entire List ' .
 This British film version of the Lewis Carroll classic `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' is without a doubt the most faithful adaption to date ! -LRB- except for the addition of the Looking-Glass twins , Tweedle Dee and Dum . -RRB- . A surperb cast , lead by the talented Fiona Fullerton , who makes a splendid Alice , is supported by some of Britain 's finest actors as the inhabitants of Wonderland ; Sir Ralph Richardson as the hookah-smoking Caterpillar , Michael Crawford as the ever-tardy White Rabbit , Dame Flora Robson as the head-hunting Queen of Hearts and Peter Sellers and Dudley Moore as the mad March Hare and his sleepy sidekick , the Doormouse . The American popularity of he last two mentioned actors is why the film was shown overseas here in the United States . Miss Fullerton may seem a bit too old for the title role , but I do n't think a child actress would had enough scope to play Alice so well . -LRB- If you do n't think so , imaging if Sherley Temple won the role of Dorothy in `` The Wizard of Oz '' . YIKES ! -RRB- , but I digress . The musical score is beautifully haunting and so is the final song `` The Me I Never Knew '' . This song and `` Curiouser And Curiouser '' are the only two songs that really stand out . Most of the other songs are corny little ditties with no sense of what the characters are thinking or feeling . The sets look like cardboard cut outs at times and the fast speed photography during the Lobster Quadrille and quick cut shots at the mad tea-party look campy and thus the overall British feel of the movie is lost . Despite all my negative insights , I found this film version of `` Alice '' filled with the wonderful , whimsical flavor that only Lewis Carroll himself could have provided . A must see for all fans of the famous book .
 When I first saw this film as a child , I was captivated . Even as an adult I 'm still enchanted by the whimsy of Wonderland . This film is n't like the more commercially successful versions , but it 's worth adding to your personal library!Fiona Fullerton is a charming Alice . Most other versions of the film shows us a very young Alice . I do n't think any other Alice could have portrayed the character quite like Fiona . She 's a bit older , but possesses the ability to act the part very well , something I do n't think many younger actors could do.The musical sequences are at times breif and essential to the story . The film is rather old , and transfer to video was rather poor . There 's some very conspicuous flaws in the video , but despite this , the story is just as wonderful and magical as ever . For a low budget and a superb cast -LRB- Dudley Moore , Ralph Richardson , et al -RRB- `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' is a delight.The sets were not extravagant , but very well done . Some of the backgrounds reminded me very much of `` The Wizard of Oz '' . I 'm glad to have found this version of `` Alice in Wonderland '' since it was the first I 'd ever seen . It will always be the version I compare others to , and despite the fact that this is n't a more commercially successful film , it won me over heart and soul .
 The wonderful Victorian classic , Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland was very first published in 1865 . Written by acclaimed author , Lewis Carroll -LRB- real name - Charles Dodgson -RRB- , this fantasy-adventure story has been adapted to the stage and screen countless times.There 's the familiar , misreably underated Walt Disney animated classic of Alice In Wonderland whilst there are a listless number of live-action adaptations that have largely failed to truly capture the spirit and flavour of Lewis Carrolls vivid vision of Wonderland.This 1972 adptation is something of an exception and stands out as the best live-action version of the book . Director William Sterling , shrewdly manages to encapsulate the dark , frightening vision of Wonderland as dreamed up by Lewis Carroll.Fiona Fullerton heads the cast making a pleasantly bland Alice . What Fullerton succeeds in doing is taking with you with her on a magical journey , allowing you to view the strange adventures through her eyes , evoking a feeling ofbeing drawn into a childs dream that escalates into a nightmare.Fiona Fullerton is not least given noble support from a stellar cast that were some of the best of that era . The multi-talented Michael Crawford assumes the role of the jittering White Rabbit . Crawford playes the White Rabbit with a certain flair , relying mostly -LRB- and appropriately -RRB- on his inimitable comic skills.Sir Robert Helpmann -LRB- who is more well known for his famous role as the child catcher in another excellent classic childrens movie , Chitty , Chitty , Bang , Bang -RRB- shines as the notorious Mad Hatter during the manic Mad Hatter 's tea party sequence . Helpmann 's comic facial expressions andspirited playing makes the sequence work extremely well . Helpmann shares the spotlight in this madcap scene with Peter Sellers who gives a fine supporting turn as the March Hare whilst Dudley Moore causes some amusement as the poor , put-upon Dormouse.Sir Ralph Richardson delivers a fairly adequate performance as the Catepillar in a very vivid scene whilst Davy Kaye as the Mouse during the dreamy Caucus Race Sequence , playes the role with a degree of subtelty . Much more effective though is Dame Flora Robson , putting in a fantastic intepretation of the ferocious Queen Of Heartswho is both comical and scary in the role.Michael Jayston appears in the opening scene as Dodgson -LRB- Jayston -RRB- and Duckworth -LRB- Hywel Bennett -RRB- sit on a river bank one hot summers afternoon . It is here where Dodgson begins telling Alice the story of Alice 's adventures underground.The nightmarish Duchess and Cook sequence is ignited by a fittingly off-beat performance from Peter Bull as the Duchess . Patsy Rolands as the demented , pepper-loving , plate-throwing Cook takes this role to fabulous new heights!The sullen , ever-crying Gryphon is played marvelously by Spike Milligan whilst Michael Hordern is equally excellent as the Mock Turtle . This fun sequence where Alice , the Gryphon and the Mock Turtle are seen running and dancingtheir way round a deserted beach , is speeded up at points to add to its comical and magical effect . This scene is also accompanied by one of the very few effective songs of the saccharine soundtrack , Will You , Wo n't You Join The Dance?Roy Kinnear is fabulous as the permanently grinning Cheshire Cat whilst other notable players in the more than capable cast include Dennis Price in a small but efficent role as the King Of Hearts , Rodney Bewes as the bumblingKnave Of Hearts , Julian Chagrin as Bill The Lizard -LRB- seen during the scene where Alice has grown large and is stuck in the White Rabbit 's house - Bill the Lizard attempts to slide down the chimney into the house but Alice then swiftly kicks him back up again -RRB- , Freddie Earlle as Guinea Pig Pat -LRB- also seen during the White Rabbit 's house scene -RRB- , Ray Brooks as 1 of Spades , Dennis Waterman as 2 of spades and of course not forgetting twin brothers Frank and Freddie Cox who make the definitive Tweedledee and Tweedledum -LRB- characters that were taken from a segment inLewis Carroll 's sequel , Through The Looking Glass And What Alice Found There - most stage and screen versions often tend to draw large segments from both Alice books -RRB- . Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland -LRB- 1972 -RRB- draws on a somewhat dreamy , hazy-like effect that largely gives the film an intentionally dark , scary edge . It strikes an even balance between moments of fun , magical comedy to more frightening settings.Most of the film is engaging and totally enchanting . the surreal sequence at the beginning of the adventure is one of the scenes that really stands out in my mind as it is doen so effectively . Alice wakes up in a giant story bookgarden and spots the White Rabbit gazing at his waist watch . Alice proceeds to follow the White Rabbit into a long , dark tunnell . Keeping up with the whole familiar ethos of Alices In Wonderland 's famous catchphrase , `` curiouser andcuriouser '' , Alice continues following the White Rabbit unaware of the danger lying in front of her and then finds herself tumbling down a large rabbit hole which leads to the whimsical , topsy-turvy world of Wonderland . The score during this sequence is masterful and hauntinglyatmospheric.The Pool Of Tears sequence also works incredibly well where Alice finds herself in a large hall full of doors . A small door , to her delight , leads into a beautiful garden . It is here where she discovers potions and cakes that alternately make her shrink or grow large . At one point , Alice grows large and begins crying which subsequently leads to her shrinking and swimming in her own pool of tears.Alice is washed ashore from the pool of tears and finds herself indulging in the Caucus Race with a mouse , dodo , owl , magpie , frog , duck and an eagle in a vastly trippy sequence ! I 've heard -LRB- as i 'm sure you all have -RRB- various myths that Lewis Carroll was high on LSD at the time of writing the book . I have no idea whether this is true or not but you certianly can see peoples notions on this when you watch all the bizarre goings on in Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland . I put it all down to a bizarre but great imagination on Lewis Carroll 's part and this film merely reflects that . Even so theres something that distinctley gives me the creeps when watching scenes such as The Pool Of Tears and the Caucus Race.Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland -LRB- 1972 -RRB- is even more disturbingly surreal later on in the film such as the scene in the forest where a torrential storm occurs and a a giant black crow emerges from the gloomy sky ready to attack Alice.The Duchess and Cook sequence also used to really give me the creeps when I first watched this at 4 years old back in 1983 . There was just something eerie and nightmarish about the whole scene but again this ties in closley with the book . The Trial of the Knave Of Hearts is where it gets most off the wall and at the close of this scenes there are lots of swirling , hallucegenic close-ups of the characters . Alice , of course , then wakes up on the riverbank to discover it was all just a dream.What compliments the mesmerising , hypnotic vibe of Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland is a bewitching , hauntingly atmospheric score by BAFTA-winning , John Barry . The film also boasts maginificent cinematography from Geoffrey Unsworth which sticks closely to the original illustrations of the book . Some of the cardboard-like sets look far more suited for a stage production but many are eye catchingly beautiful.Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland -LRB- 1972 -RRB- is an extremely faithful adaptation that 's most noble in its loyalty to the book . In that fact it deserved far greater recognition than it has , perharps , received . Widely regarded as the best live-action screen version by lovers of the book , it was still unfairly slated by critics of the day where some claimed it was too long , tedious and boring . To a point I can see where they 're coming from so you really have to be in the right mood to take this film on . On the right day it proves a thrilling , almost hypnotic viewing experience -LRB- even though i 'm 26 years old ! -RRB- . In an attempt to ignite the films fortunes , Fiona Fullerton was being promoted as the new Julie Andrews -LRB- though Fullerton is a remarkable actress in her own right , this was something of an overstatement -RRB- but this did little to help the films fate . Making matters worse was Peter Sellers who blatantly criticised the film to the media before it had even opened at cinemas ! Sadly Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland did not endure the high Box Office turn over as anticipated.It 's true that Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland -LRB- 1972 -RRB- is too slow and bland at points but on casting its shortcomings -LRB- which you can over-look -RRB- aside , it 's most definitely worth a look . Fans of Alice In Wonderland that have not yet had the delight of watching this charming , atmospheric version , will be thoroughly enthralled.Ian PhillipsJuly 2006
 ALICE 'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND is a lush and lavish musical version of Lewis Carroll 's book , with a haunting score by John Barry . The cast reads like a Who 's Who of British acting talent.Alice herself is played by a teenage Fiona Fullerton , a charming musical theatre performer , who gives the role a spirit and wonderment which is perfect for the character . Michael Crawford plays the White Rabbit , with other key roles filled by Sir Robert Helpmann as the Mad Hatter , Peter Sellers as the March Hare , Dudley Moore as the Dormouse and Dame Flora Robson as the Queen of Hearts.The score is quite haunting , in particular Alice 's `` Curioser and Curioser '' and the final number `` The Me I Never Knew '' . John Barry 's score has become quite admired over the years , and copies of the original soundtrack LP have been known to fetch large sums of money.If you can , try to see the film in it 's original Todd-AO/Super Panavision 70 proportions . My DVD is presented in the original aspect ratio -LRB- though lacks 16:9 enhancement -RRB- . Highly-recommended .
 Fiona Fullerton is surrounded by a gallery of British character actors in this 1972 musical film adaptation of `` Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland . '' Yes , I will add my voice to the chorus of Amazon customers who rightfully say that the quality of the picture and sound on the DVD release leave much to be desired . The picture on this Screen Media release is clearer than my old VHS copy . Still , this version deserves a quality restoration . Having said that , having this `` Alice '' on DVD is better than not having it at all ; and my review will now focus on the film itself : This version begins on that famous Summer 's day in the 1860 's when Charles Dodgson/Lewis Carroll -LRB- Michael Jayston -RRB- took Alice , Lorina , and Edith Liddell on a boat ride on the river . As he begins to tell the story we now know as `` Alice In Wonderland '' , Alice falls asleep . Suddenly , the very real river-bank she was resting on is replaced by an environment of over-sized flowers . Thus , the fantasy begins shortly before Alice falls down the large rabbit-hole . By including this perfect preface scene with Charles Dodgson , director/screenwriter William Sterling clearly shows that his intention is to be faithful to the original book . For the most part , he is successful . Other film-makers have failed to recognize that , while Alice 's adventures are a pointed satire on Victorian society , the point of the book is really to have no point at all . Therefore , they force Alice must learn a lesson or , as in the case of Tim Burton 's disappointing 2010 film -LRB- which disregards Lewis Carroll almost completely -RRB- she must go on a life-saving mission . Sterling , on the other hand , is smartly content to let Alice 's adventures be whatever they are ; or whatever the viewer wants them to be . The film features appropriately surreal/theatrical sets . The tone of the film , like the book , alternates between being whimsical and weird , and murky and nightmarish . Nearly every chapter from the book is included ; with the addition of the popular characters Tweedledee and Tweedledum -LRB- Frank and Freddie Cox -RRB- from the 1872 sequel `` Through The Looking-Glass '' . The film runs 95 minutes , but still drags in spots . The scenes involving the Duchess -LRB- Peter Bull -RRB- and the Gryphon and The Mock Turtle -LRB- Spike Mulligan and Michael Horden -RRB- could , and should , have easily been omitted.Fifteen year old Fiona Fullerton makes Alice genuinely curious , and she more than holds her own on screen in a large cast that includes Michael Crawford -LRB- `` Hello ! , Dolly ! '' , `` Barnum , '' `` The Phantom Of The Opera '' -RRB- , Ralph Richardson -LRB- `` Long Day 's Journey Into Night '' -RRB- , Robert Helpmann -LRB- `` The Red Shoes , '' `` Chitty-Chitty Bang Bang '' -RRB- , Peter Sellers -LRB- `` Lolita , '' `` The Pink Panther '' -RRB- , Dudley Moore -LRB- `` 10 '' , `` Arthur '' , `` Santa Claus
 This is the best version of Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland , starring Fiona Fullerton as Alice , on DVD . The previous editions were VERY shoddy - yet the film is so great that even those were watchable despite the fading colors and graininess . This new -LRB- 2005 -RRB- edition has had the colors brought back which really is nice . The graininess could still use some work though and it would be REALLY WONDERFUL if a major studio would buy the rights to this film and do a proper restoration . There is also music and an important scene that were cut from this film - two songs never made it to the theatrical release and one scene where Alice meets the Cheshire cat in the tree was cut before the original release - a very curious thing to do as that was a very popular scene in the book ! It would be great if the next DVD release of this film could have a proper restoration AND ALSO include some special features . Many of the actors in this film went on to become major stars -LRB- ex - Michael Crawford of Phantom fame -RRB- Special features could include the deleted scene if it still exists and the original soundtrack recording as well as some interviews with the stars - like what has been done for Chitty Chitty Bang Bang and Willy Wonka . Do n't expect any special features on this edition - there are n't any -- more surprisingly there is NO MENU at all - Bare bones , but still a classic and important film for Alice lovers - much more reminiscent of Lewis Carrols books and characters than the Disney film !
 Surrealism takes over in this overlong , butentertaining version of the classic ALICE stories starring someof Britain 's best actors and actresses . Fiona Fullerton does asatisfying job of Alice , and so do the other actors in their roles . The music was haunting and the songs were catchy . I justfelt this film could have been edited a little more because it is very long . Overall , this film was quite good , as it is one of the versions that stuck closely to book while adding and changing a few things to make it better .
 Eu gostei muito do filme principalmente da parte em que a Alice nao para de crescer . oi oi oi oi oi oi oi oi oi oi o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o
 The last time I saw this adaption of Alice in Wonderland I was 10 years old . However , I saw plenty of movies in my childhood and none stands out as haunting as this version of Alice in Wonderland . Its hazy dreamlike atmosphere thrilled me as a boy and any version I saw afterwards was a grave disappointment -- especially Disney 's which came out about 20 years before . I still remember this film very much and was excited to see it again only this time I noticed things that were very adultlike . The music added to this film 's charm and itself was very erie but beneficial to the story . I must say that there will never be a movie that comes close to his book like this one did .
 It is very rare that you find movie adaptations of literary works that are as accurate and entertaining as Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland . I watched this video as a child and will never forget the comical , catchy songs and the elaborate costumes . I was transfixed by the fairy tale world presented and the dream-like atmosphere . This is a truly remarkable peace of work that should never be forgotten .
 I feel some of the other reviews here are unjust and over exagerated . There were two places in the film that in total lasted maybe about five minutes where the sound was distorted , but not badly since you could still understand the characters clearly -LRB- ex . one area had a warpy vhs noise and the second had a bit of low static -RRB- . The costumes were well selected , but I felt a better job could have been done on the rats and the lizard -LRB- you can see a gap where the costume ends on his face -RRB- . This version follows the book well , though it left out a favorite qoute about the taste of the liquid in the first scene that she drinks from the `` drink me '' bottle . I also felt that the British accents in the movie enhanced the film . I recomend this to fans and people who are n't overly critical of films .
 Alice and her sisters are on a picnic with Charles Dodgson where she gets board . As she is told a story , and soon following a white rabbit finds herself underground . There she has many adventures.The actors do not overwhelm but enhances our favorite characters from this timeless tale by Lewis Carroll . Most are very famous or popular British actors of whom some are : Fiona Fullerton ... Alice -LRB- Born
 As far as picture quality and sound quality , this may be the worst I 've seen on a DVD . I think my old VHS copy was clearer . Technicalities aside , this is a must see for fans of Lewis Carroll 's Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland . It is the only film to get it right . The costumes and sets are perfect . The make-up is magnificent . The acting is A + . Songs have even been added to Carroll 's masterpiece , and they are a perfect match . Keep your eyes peeled for some very famous British actors . The music is absolutely mesmerizing . If you 're a true fan of Carroll 's novel , this is the only version ... I repeat the only version that captures his vision .
 I 'll echo the words of the previous reviews regarding the exquisite artistic quality and integrity of this film , and will also echo the extremely dissapointing DVD of what is truly a classic film.If memory serves me correctly the film grain always had a bit of a soft look to it , but this particular publication of the film is longing for some sort of salvation from a major studio or film preservation society . The DVD appears to be a duplication off of an old 3/4 '' broadcast video tape , which itself was a done from either a very poor 35mm film print , a 16mm reduction print , or a contact print from a secondary or tertiary negative . What 's even more heartbreaking is the fact that a few seconds have been cut from the film ; two or three lines of dialogue between Alice and the Mad Hatter , and a few frames of the musical sequence where the Deck of Cards first enters the garden.All in all , regardless of the technical problems with this DVD , were I to reccomend a photoplay of Alice in Wonderland , it would be this one . There 've been some criticims of the music and `` wooden '' sets and the cardboard feel for some of the scenes in Wonderland itself , but one must remind oneself that it is afterall a children 's film . And I suspect the `` cardboard '' feel was intentional to give the film a story book essence . And in my personal opinion adds great character to the movie.My one distinct childhood memory from seeing it in the theatre was noting how utterly gorgeous and talented Fiona Fullerton was -LRB- and presumably still is -RRB- . It 's truly a delight to see her and the movie again . We can only hope that some wealthy movie mogul will come rescue this film before it is lost entirely .
 Much better than other versions , this film creates in the viewer a sense of awe . This version also stays truer to Carroll 's novel . A definite must-see .
 I 'll watch this one over Disney 's mockery any bleeding day . The whole thing has this surreal vibe -LRB- much like the book -RRB- . The score by John Barry is beautiful and at times haunting . It sort of sounds borrowed from Schuloff 's `` Le Sonambule '' , but all film composers snag a little from here and there . Alice is played the way it should be ; saucy and sharp . Which is something totally missing from the Disney version and that horrible version that aired not to long ago on NBC . Show me another closer to the book .
 While this movie does not follow Mr. Carrol 's book verbatim , it is full of lavish scenery and costumes , lovely music and silly musical numbers . I fondly recall watching this film every year around Easter when it was broadcast on my local PBS station . It is just as wonderful and wacky to this grown-up kid as it was then . Look for the late , great Peter Sellers as the March Hare -LRB- ! -RRB- Dudley Moore as the Dormouse and Sir Robert Helpmann as a brilliant Mad Hatter . Unlike other reviews , I never thought Alice was too old , she was just right . If there was ever a need for a DVD Special Edition , this movie qualifies . Superior to the Disney cartoon , IMHO .
 I highly recommend this film . It 's charming . It 's for people of all ages . I 'd give it more stars if I could . The scenary is really like a dream and Michael Crawford is great as the white rabbit .
 i have seen dozens of verisons of alice in wonderland and this a good one i wish i had a jabberwock the only downside is the jerky angles but the acting makes up for it .
 My only grip with Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland is that the actress Fiona Fullerton looks too mature for her age . The writers should have decided on somebody who 's younger looking , however this is understandable given the time period - back in the early 70 's it seems Hollywood writers always went with the girls who looked mature for their age . Nowadays this would n't happen.As for the movie , well it 's really confusing but in a delightfully adventurous kind of way . I really do n't know who these highly unusual animal costume characters are that Alice meets along the way but they offer really good , hummable theatrical-type music so I do n't mind . I guess technically this * is * considered a musical , even though it 's more like a musical combined with a play-like adventure through the woods for innocent Alice . There 's a song that plays about 23-minutes into the film with lyrics about Mary and Mabel that 's * really * awesome . I like the exchange of vocals between Alice and the uh , rabbit-headed guy , hehe . It 's true that the things in the background such as the trees , mushrooms , fences , and grass look really dated . I do n't really care though - this is 1972 after all.Sometimes I wonder if this film is trying to copy the Wizard of Oz as far as a young girl stumbling upon unusual characters and looking for a specific destination/answers . The similarities are there on several occasions . I also wonder if all the drug references that I 've been reading about are true . For example , Fiona 's character eating one side of a mushroom to make her short , and the other side would make her tall . Hmmmm ... , haha!I guess another minor complaint is how the Alice character just immediately FALLS into this world of weirdness right away with very little in the way of building up to it . I believe the current Alice In Wonderland movies correct this problem . I also do n't understand how people who are able to follow this movie are supposed to be smart enough to become scientists and mathematicians . What ? In what way ? Overall , a nice little adventure for children .
 This is BY FAR the most faithful adaptation of the book I have ever seen in plot , dialogue , and subdued tong-in-cheek British tone . * To be sure , there are a couple of parts left out and a few things added , but -LRB- for example -RRB- the Tweedle Brothers often show up in Wonderland -LRB- although they should be part of Looking Glass -RRB- , and they were very good here . * Many of the human characters look exactly like the Tenniel drawings , and the rest -LRB- including Alice -RRB- -- as well as the animals -- very closely resemble them . The animal costumes were not spectacular , but they worked well enough -LRB- especially for the level costuming technology available in the early 70s -RRB- and the movements of the ears on the White Rabbit and March Hare were perfect . * The sets were very rich and detailed -LRB- what could be seen of them -RRB- , and the direction and choreography were high quality . * The sound was fine once past the credits , and the performances were very well enunciated.I agree wholeheartedly that it is a shame that the picture quality is so poor . This version richly deserves to be digitally remastered ; surely there has to be a better transfer out there somewhere .
 Getting ready to be involved in the Alice In Wonderland play this summer . Its good . We rented it online n the kids enjoyed watching it .
 ... This is one of the most great magical movies of all the Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland . The disney version does comes close , but this one is a tiny bit better because of the music . The music is brilliant . Anyway ! The movie it self is a great enchanting movie ... the girl who plays Alice was too old ... but probably she was the best singer when auditioning . This movie is a life time classic ! Great movie !
 I saw this several times as a kid and it always stuck in my head . It 's a beautiful English production that has a definite melancholy , bittersweet flavor that 's missing from other adaptations . Really worth seeing . It is a kid-friendly version ? Not really but smart teens may enjoy it . Great performances from Ralph Richardson , Peter Sellers and Fiona Fullerton as Alice .
 When I was a wee lad . I 'd watch this story unfold on the tele , and as I grew older , I would stop turning the channels if I came upon this playing on the screen . Vcrs made it possible to record this and lazer discs have allowed me to keep it with me always . I fell in love with all the characterizations , and have tried to contack all of the stars from it . This movie has been the love of my life and made Theater a big part of it . I 'll love Fiona Fullerton always . And the Lewis carroll my thanks !
 Very , very similiar to the score in `` Somewhere in Time , '' this beautifully haunting score to this wonderfully English movie is another of the great masterpieces written by the legendary John Barry , who brought us the scores to Born Free , Dances With Wolves , Out of Africa , Chaplin and co-wrote the James Bond Theme . It supplies a delicately nostalgic and quaintly victorian backdrop to the most faithful adaptation of Lewis Carroll 's book that I have ever seen . A cavalcade of great British talent , Ralph Richardson , Dudley Moore , and Peter Sellers among others , dressed in character and performing many of the same painfully awkward and introverted jokes as any of the very best Monty Python skits . `` If they lived in a treacle well , I should think they would be very sick ! '' `` So they were - very sick indeed ! '' If you liked the movie `` Somewhere In Time '' mixed in with the most ribald and perplexingly human comedy of Monty Python , go back somewhere in time with Lewis Carroll . You may never leave Wonderland ever again . BeatHepcat@mindspring.com
 This is a wonderful version of Alice in Wonderland -LRB- combined with elements of Through the Looking Glass -RRB- . Unfortunately , the audio track is terrible . The is by far the worst audio track on any DVD I have purchased to date.In spite of this , the songs and choreography are first-rate . This is not a musical , but a significant part of the story is expressed through song and sometimes dance.Most notable in this production are : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Dudley Moore , whom you will probably not recognize as the Doormouse ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- the Mad Tea Party , which is very well done ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- the songs and dance with the Gryphon and Mock Turtle , which are very , very well done ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- and , best of all , the song between the White Rabbit and Alice , `` The Last Word Is Mine , '' where he mistakes Alice for Maryanne , Mabel and a number of other girls.This version of Alice in Wonderland is a worthy collectors item , in spite of the poor audio .
 I found this at Wal-Mart for $ 1.00 and I still think that this is THE BEST Alice In Wonderland EVER made . I enjoyed watching it -LRB- again -RRB- as much as my kids !
 This was my first Alice experience , when I was a just a little girl of 5 . Back then , it scared me to my core ... and then hooked me forever . This film is THE reason I am a crazed Alice In Wonderland collector . The musical numbers are adorable and more than the least bit catchy . I do admit that the sets and effects are a bit outdated . However , I found , as an Alice connoisseur , that those subtlties add to the vintage/antique effect of the story itself . I think Lewis Carroll would have been proud of this rendition .
 `` Damage Control '' is an insightful , touching and vulnerable account of a woman 's journey with breast cancer . I highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in connecting to the deeper meaning ... and even possible gifts that a diagnosis can bring into one 's life . Jan courageously invites the viewer to join her on an intimate journey in which she shares her dark fears/challenges as well as the uplifting spiritual discoveries that ultimately set her on a path of greater joy and personal fulfillment .
 I purchased this movie for my grandson , who is a `` tween '' , and he loved it ! It is funny , and yet , it shows a side of bullying that needs to be brought out into our times . I think boys and girls would like it alot !
 This movie was n't made to be serious or realistic , I got a few laughs out of it . I thought it was well written and the acting was great ! Why do some people need r-rated to be a good movie when most r-rated movies suck !?
 It has been 8 months since I saw this at the theatre , and I bought it last night . I 'm glad I did because I forgot a few things . Owen Wilson is very funny as Drillbit Taylor . He 's a bum who is hired by three freshman in high school who are being bullied every day at school . At first , Drillbit takes advantage of them and takes their stuff , but later he finally decides to help . If you love the comedy of Owen Wilson , I highly recommend DRILLBIT TAYLOR !!!
 I thought this movie was just going to be another some-what funny movie . Dam , me and my wife laughed so hard , some scenes were basically unexpected ! I would say a must have !!!
 Two socially awkward nerds and a tag along embarking on the freshman year of their high school career are inevitable targets for bullying . Ryan and Wade , T-Dog and Skeletor , respectively , are polar opposites in outward appearance . One fat , one skinny , they are the Laurel and Hardy of adolescence . Wearing the same shirt on the first day of school only made it worse.Insert a homeless hustler named Drillbit Taylor -LRB- Wilson -RRB- who replies to the kids ' online ad for a bodyguard . Seeing as how Taylor will work for fractions of actual qualified bodyguards , he gets the job . Of course , by work I mean `` take the kids ' money '' . And by take their money , I mean `` take their money , rob their home , sell their goods , and impersonate a teacher at their school '' . What ensues is a confrontation between the school bullies and the bum , a knock-down , drag-out struggle for supremacy and high school survival.It 's essentially an update toCa n't Buy Me Love , only this version 's nerds choose to fight the cliques and bullies rather than spinelessly coalescing into popularity via bribes . Seeing as how it comes from the same crew that createdSuperbad , the two movies are also easily comparable ; although , this movie 's three kids are a little more pathetic than McLovin and crew.With enough laugh out loud moments -LRB- especially the self defense scenes -RRB- and ridiculous situations -LRB- the rap battle had me in stitches -RRB- to last from beginning to end , Drillbit Taylor is a solid addition to modern comedy , and a perfect showcase for young comedic talent . Sure , it 's a bit crass , but if you enjoyed any of the recent similar comedies -LRB- e.g.Old School , Knocked Up , Superbad , Wedding Crashers -RRB- , you 'll end up adding this to your collection .
 If you like Owen Wilson then you will like this movie . He 's his usual funny self . We didnt expect it to be very good but were pleased that it turned out to be a funny movie .
 Seriously why are there so many haters ? This is a funny movie `` Sometimes you have to throw some Mexican Judo in there as in ju do n't know who you 're messin ' with holmes , '' come on that is a funny joke and the fact that Drillbit does n't like confrontation and he was an army desserter because he was basically a wimp is pretty funny considering until that point he really did n't know how to fight at all and then at the end he opens up a serious can is pretty awesome . It 's not a great comedy but for the insane geeky parts it has all the charm of Superbad and Knocked Up.This movie is n't that bad . It has it 's moments like all other comedies do and it has it 's hit and misses and ALL other comedies do but that should n't discourage anybody from watching this movie which to me was not a waste of time whatsoever .
 A group of freshman high school geeks are having problems upon their first day of school . They are being bullied . Now this is not your ordinary bully ... the dude 's crazy . Too scared and too weak to fight back , they post an online ad for a bodyguard and along comes Drillbit Taylor -LRB- Owen Wilson -RRB- to answer their prayers.Owen Wilson being the big name star he is , was the star power for this film . He did have a few funny parts , but it was the kids who played the three high school geeks that stole the show . More specifically Troy Gentile who played the chubby , hip-hop loving Ryan a.k.a. T-Dog . For a 14 year old kid , he 's got some talent , giving an incredibly funny performance . Watch for the freestyle rap battle scene.Not what you 'd expect from the Apatow gang given their history , but still a funny movie . `` Drillbit Taylor '' delivers bits of fun here and there . A movie worth watching if you 're in need of a laugh . 3.5 out of 5 .
 I notice how this movie did n't get rated with 5 stars . Maybe because Owen Wilson is always funny with ben stiller by his side . But I got ta say he pulled it off without B.Stiller . Not all can relate to this movie . I know I wish I had someone to fend off the bullies while I was in school . LOL!well , my fav part was when Owen -LRB- Drillbit -RRB- told the kids to find a common ground with the bullies . So the fat kid had a free-style -LRB- rap -RRB- competition with the main bully . Except he only made the bullies more furious and embarassed them.there are other funny parts in the movie but this just made the movie . . to me anyway .
 I do n't know why I liked this movie . It was stupid , but stupid in a campy funny way . Rent it - save it for the $ 1 rental , but give it a try ... great for a lazy afternoon when you just need a laugh or few .
 This was an entertaining movie to watch that I would recommend partly because it is different than other movies I have watched . This was n't really a laugh out loud movie and I did n't expected it to be . But it turned out to be a good movie to watch . People say Owen Wilson provides a similar type of humor atmosphere in his movies and its true but his role in the movie is different and fits in . I liked it .
 Before I go into this movie , I have to say that the fat kid with curly hair in this movie has got to be Jonah Hill 's little brother -LRB- even though he is n't -RRB- . What brought me to giving this movie a 5 star review is the fact that Owen Wilson -LRB- a decorated comedian -RRB- and a bunch of inexperienced kids had such great on screen chemistry . I believed everything I saw all the way down to the oblivious principal and slap happy parents . This was an enjoyable experience that is worth the purchase .
 this movie is cute and i am very impressed with it and with the product its self ... its funny and cute but for a younger audiance if you ask me ...
 Ok who would n't love this movie ? We are Owen Wilson fans he 's a favorite in our family , he ooses carisma and character and his warm cookie style humor is lovable and we admire his selective style in movie makings . This is a really cute story line , have ` nt seen one like it very unique .
 Saw the movie when it came out in theaters and got it for private viewing . Funny movie
 Three geeky freshmen students face lots of troubles from 2 high school bullies . They are placed in the lockers , beaten up , humiliated , and laughed at all the time . In order to survive high school and save all this humiliation , they decide to hire a body guard . They met many candidates -LRB- one of the candidates is Chuck Liddell by the way -RRB- , however they decide eventually to hire Drillbit Taylor . Now Drillbit Taylor told them he is an ex-miliatry fighter , but in reality he is only a street begger looking to make some extra money.Nice movie with some funny scenes . The funniest scenes are the ones where the students were bullied around . The craziest things were done to them.This movie kinda reminded me of the high school I went to . We did n't have nasty bullies like the ones in this movie , however we had some bullies that needed some butt wooping in order to behave well . I believe that if you stand up for yourself in High School and manage to earn others ' respect , you will be able to do the same thing in the rest of your life .
 Being in high school , I loved this movie . I think it was geared toward a teenage audience and most of the humor in it is meant for teenagers . If you are in high school , you will probably love this movie . Adults , maybe not so much.The acting was excellent , and I liked the story line too . I thought it was overall a really funny movie that I plan on purchasing .
 Owen Wilson is at his comedic best . How can he be so funny while at the same time be a romantic leading man ? That 's a rhetorical question .
 Just more of the details from the other two outings . Im hoping this producer will give us some fresh material now . But , worth watching if you are trying to get at the truth and are looking for every kernal you can out there to do it .
 I downloaded this video because of the description . Supposedly it was a discussion with Stanton Friedman and journalist Jaime Maussan . Also , it was supposed to display an interview with Dr. Richard Sauder . Well , guess what ? All that was in this video was Stanton discussing his views on the subject of UFOs . I respect Stanton 's views but was disappointed not to see what i expected -- to listen to the other two gentlemen .
 Acceptable.TV was a very short lived sketch comedy show on VH1 -LRB- seriously ... a comedy show on VH1 ... wonder why it never took off ... -RRB- created by the same guy behind Channel 101 and Community , Dan Harmon . This show , however , shares much more in common with Channel 101 . If you 've never heard of Channel 101 , it 's a monthly short film competition out of LA where people create and send in 5 minute TV shows , usually comedic in nature . These episodes are then shown to a live -LRB- drunk -RRB- audience which then votes for their favorites . The highest scoring shows win the opportunity to continue with another episode the next month , and the cycle repeats itself ad nauseum . Go check out the Channel 101 web site and watch the past episodes of ` The Bu ' for a good example of the medium done right -LRB- by The Lonely Island dudes of SNL Digital Short fame , no less ! -RRB- Acceptable.TV follows the same users-rank-the-content concept , with the main difference being that most of the fake TV shows are created and produced by the Acceptable.TV staff . This staff , however , is top notch , featuring Dan Harmon himself along with a crew of some of the most consistently funny Channel 101 regulars . The shows they created were hilariously offbeat , ranging from ridiculous reality-show takedowns -LRB- Operation Kitten Calendar -RRB- to heartfelt and imaginative cartoons -LRB- Mr. Sprinkles -RRB- . It 's hit and miss , but that 's the nature of the beast . When they hit , though , they knock it out of the park , with comedic masterpieces like Operation Kitten Calendar , Homeless James Bond , and Who 's Gon na Train Me -LRB- for the ending alone -RRB- . This was a brilliant show with a brilliant concept that was just a few years ahead of its time . It needed to be streamed on the web for free , voted on in real-time by Internet stoners between bong hits . It wanted to be crowdsourced , to be favorite 'd and Like 'd and retweeted and sent to your grandma , and might have really taken off if it came about after the explosion of Facebook and Twitter and nurtured by VH1 . But instead , it was canceled before it got a chance to get some legs.Or maybe I 'm just pissed off that I 'll never see episode 2 of Kosbees . Ah well .
 Had no idea what this was , but it was entertaining and informative if you want to shoot your own video .
 but this film exceeded my expectations . It is very quirky but very watchable . The music is witty and upbeat . And it leaves you feeling good .
 Very enjoyable. , I highly recommend it . The actors are not American Idol singers but that adds to the charm of the movie . A great movie to just kick back and enjoy .
 I am compelled to counter the lone other reviewer with his unfortunate failure to comprehend this superb dramatization of an excerpted passage from Wright 's novel , BLACK BOY , now recognized as a modern classic.Shown as part of the American Short Story series on PBS and , yes , introduced by a fragile and ailing Henry Fonda , the portrayal of a young black man 's desire to own a gun , a symbol of what will make him a man , misfires literally and otherwise . The accident leads the boy to flee his home to escape the punishment of the landowner and the fine imposed , and yes , we may wish to know what happens to him , but his running -- almos ' into manhood -- to catch the train , may take him north for safety and a kind of freedom.Levar Burton , the young star of ROOTS , gives a splendid performance and was likely cast as a result of his popularity following the enormous success of the Haley novel.The entire series is a masterpiece of the dramatization of short fiction and included `` Bernice Bobs Her Hair , '' F. Scott Fitzgerald 's early story starring Shelley Duvall and Bud Cort , `` I 'm a Fool , '' the Sherwood Anderson classic starring Ron Howard -LRB- before his directing days -RRB- , and `` Who am I this Time , '' the Vonnegut delight with Christopher Walken and Susan Sarandon.I recall , too , that during one season of this showcase , the introductions were done by Colleen Dewhurst.Were these to be re-run on prime time , they would hold up quite beautifully ; with such great works of literature treated reverently by directors and actors , why would n't they .
 I found the Taj Mahal musical background a very important component of this presentation . Every element is essential in the feeling one gets , but the guitar and harmonica background really enhanced this feeling story . And during the most dramatic scenes , the music definitely punctuates the action.One can smile at the beginning with Levar Burton 's portrayal of boyish enthusiasm , of yearning to have a gun of his own . And then the scenes after he gets the gun , the anticipation of the first shot are especially well done ... you know something is going to happen . And then at first , you 're smiling , maybe even laughing at the result of that first shot until you slowly realize with the boy what he 's done . And then the aftermath in which he must make the choice as to which path into manhood to take.There is much to absorb in this short film . Although the characters are black and the situation unique because of the racial implications , there is still much that can be applied to any person 's life , regardless of time period , race , or sex.This is one to watch , and watch a second and a third -LRB- at least -RRB- time to get all that is there .
 At fifteen going on sixteen the only thing that Dave wants is to become a man . Tired of plowing the hard ground and sick of the lack of respect he gets from his elders , Dave sees his way of becoming a man by having a gun . A gun has power and will give him the respect he needs.The dramatization of the short story `` Almos ' A Man '' by Richard Wright places before us the struggle of a young Black boy trying to come into manhood in an environment destined to break his spirit . This coming of age story shows the struggle of an adolescent coming into manhood which is common to all young boys . In this story the struggle is much deeper because we have a Black youth who must deal not only with his personal struggle but also that of a racist environment.Levar Burton gives an excellent performance of this young boy struggling to come into his manhood . Madge Sinclair plays his stern mother who is willing to bend a little even if her husband disagrees.While watching this story you will be shown the struggles that Black parents have to endure to try and keep their children safe as well as the inner promptings of Dave 's misguided sense of what it means to be a man.Circumstances back fire on Dave as he sees that he lacks the maturity to handle certain things . So what can he do ? Where can he go ? Can a young Black boy become a man in hostile southern territory especially since he has become a wage slave to the white farmer ? Wright challenges us to reflect on this question . Dave 's rebelliousness is more than the usual stage of adolescent development . The mere fact of his race makes his choices narrower . Sit back , relax and enjoy `` Almos ' A Man '' . See how a boy in a limited world tries to become that which is denied to him and his people .
 This was a library video the children and I watched years ago . Very short . I bought this for my son to laugh with him about his remark he made after the movie ... Almos a Man was Almos a movie . Just as you are getting into the movie ... it ends .
 I taught these stories for years in high school using some of these videos and am now assembling a video library for my son . Not high def but great stories well told .
 I absolutely loved this movie ! It was very moving . I would definitely recommend it for families of all shapes and sizes , especially those who have been involved in fostering or adoption . The message is great and Louis Gosset Jr. is fabulous as are all the other players in it . I also loved the part Muse Watson played . Loved him in NCIS , and in The Christmas Snow !
 The Lamp is an inspiring story about the power of the human spirit to create from within . Trost Moving Pictures does an amazing job of winding the story line through each character . An excellent and inspiring message for viewers of any age . Great message !!! Enjoy !!!
 A beautiful , clean film that will reach all ages . I wish there were more films made like THE LAMP . It is a really touching story that teaches so much about life and what people are capable of doing if they `` just believe '' .
 The Lamp is a heartwarming story of faith , hope and charity with something special for audiences of all ages . Starring Louis Gossett Jr -LRB- An Officer and a Gentleman -RRB- , Jason London -LRB- The Man in the Moon and Dazed and Confused -RRB- , Meredith Salenger -LRB- The Journey of Natty Gann -RRB- , L. Scott Caldwell -LRB- Lost , The Net -RRB- , Sarah Brown -LRB- Cold Case , The Closer , -RRB- , Muse Watson -LRB- NCIS and I Know What You Did Last Summer -RRB- and Cameron ten Napel -LRB- A Christmas Snow -RRB- - this movie moves the heart and warms the soul . Touching on major social issues , The Lamp brings hope to anyone who has ever gone through a divorce , loss of a child , foster care , adoption , marriage or physical disability .
 The film 's message is spot on and certainly gets your emotions going ... definitely something good for the whole family to watch .
 The Lamp is a heartwarming story of faith , hope and charity with something special for audiences of all ages . Starring Louis Gossett Jr -LRB- Officer and a Gentleman -RRB- , Jason London -LRB- The Man in the Moon and Dazed and Confused -RRB- , Meredith Salenger -LRB- The Journey of Natty Gann -RRB- , L. Scott Caldwell -LRB- Lost , The Net -RRB- , Sarah Brown -LRB- Cold Case , The Closer , -RRB- , Muse Watson -LRB- NCIS and I Know What You Did Last Summer -RRB- and Cameron ten Napel -LRB- A Christmas Snow -RRB- - this movie touches the heart and warms the soul . Touching on major social issues , The Lamp brings hope to anyone who has ever gone through a divorce , loss of a child , foster care , adoption , marriage or physical disability.Lamp , The
 Loved the movie . Felt good watching with the entire family . The premise of `` just believe '' carries a strongmessage for everyone . Great acting and heartwarming .
 This is a movie the entire family will enjoy . It 's a story about overcoming tragedy and loss in a couple 's life , and how they found new hope and re-discovered the love they had buried beneath their pain from losing a son . Life does go on , as you will see in this wonderful `` feel good '' movie you can watch over and over again . It will truly touch your heart and soul very deeply , as you fall in love with the wonderful characters portrayed in this story . The precious Cameron ten Napel is such a talented actress and you will love her energy and joy she brings to the couple in the story . Keep an eye out for more fabulous films to come from director Tracy Trost . You will be hearing more in the future from this very talented man and Trost Moving Pictures .
 This was a Christmas present for my Mom , she loves to watch Christmas movies . I have n't watched any of the movies that I 've bought off Amazon yet , but she has n't complained about the quality of them yet so all is good in the world !
 My wife and I watched this movie after reading a couple comments . But I was misled -LRB- by some of the comments -RRB- into thinking this is a Christian movie . Although to be fair I have to emphasize that the movie description never claims that `` The Lamp '' is a Christian movie . Therefore I am giving it 4 stars , only to be fair . You can find out about the story by reading the description of the movie .
 It was a christmas gift for my grandaughter . She likedit a lot and it made for an easy gift .
 A very inspiring movie that will touch every human heart . Bad occurrences will come to pass if you just believe !
 We as a family chose to give up cable a few years ago ... and therefore we choose to only watch clean family movies that Glorify God ... and this movie is just that ... it is a great movie and my entire family loved it - hubby isnt easy to please but this one was one he really enjoyed too and so did my two girls ... I recommend it one hundred percent !
 The Lamp is a wonderful , wholesome and inspiring family film . It shows that if we have faith , even in the face of adversity , God can heal our hearts and allow us to grow . While there is sadness and grief , there is also hope and faith . I highly recommend this movie . Watch and be prepared to grieve , hope and rejoice with the characers along their journey . Just Believe !
 My 78 year old dad called me -LRB- crying -RRB- after having watched The Lamp . This is one of the hardest men I have ever known in my life . And the fact that I have never known him to watch a movie that did n't have an accessive amount of violence and cussing . He said , `` This is a real good movie . This is a tear jerker . I 'm gon na watch it again before I go to bed '' . I watched the Lamp last week and must say , it is a tear jerker . It is also affirmation to the phase `` Just Believe '' . Outstanding movie for all ages . Which also makes it a great gift .
 As part of the Trost Moving Pictures Ambassador program , I have reviewed their movies , books and soundtracks . My first impression of The Lamp was `` TMP movies keep getting better and better '' . Stanley watched his son Eddy die and has grieved for the past two years . He is unable to concentrate on his career , gets frequent calls about his debt and he spends time watching a little league softball team . It has put such a strain on his marriage with Lisa that he announces that it is over and he plans on leaving.Next door is Miss Esther 's home with foster children . One is Jocelyn -LRB- aka Josh -RRB- who plays on the softball team , has anger issues , and acts as a big sister for a shy girl named Rachel.Lisa acquires an old oil lamp from Miss Esther next door . When she polishes the side and reads the inscription , a more-a-messenger-than-a-genie appears . He asks Lisa and Stanley what they want most of all . He gives them thirty days to think about this . As they begin to focus on what they want , life improves for them . They start a friendship with Josh and Rachel when Stanley takes over as the coach of the team . Stanley returns to work , getting bonuses to help with the bills . Their marriage starts to rebuild . Of course , there are some bumps along the road to recovery , including a major one at the end.Sam from A Christmas Snow also returns . In a timeline comparison , this movie takes place the summer before A Christmas Snow occurs.In my opinion , this is the movie that Trost Moving Pictures has waited a long time for . If you have seen The Ultimate Gift , also by Jim Stovall , this movie equals in greatness . It is a good as a family film as A Christmas Snow , yet focused on religious principals rather than on only one religion .
 `` The Lamp '' is a fantastic movie with a charming story and wonderful acting . It makes you want to value the people you have in your life and inspires you to appreciate all you ` ve been given . Do n't miss this wonderful family film that you 'll want to see again and again .
 This was a great movie , it 's a family film , I have watched it at least five times . It 's one of those that you can watch over and over !!
 This was an awesome movie great actors good sound and visible quality . It was worth every pennythanks have any more good movies email me
 This movie starts off rather slow , but then picks up speed as the story line quickens . Has some fantasy but also makes us think of the things that can happen if we only believe . Very family friendly , the whole family will enjoy , .
 Very well done , great actors and a movie that keeps your attention and your heart beating throughout ! My family loved it . It 's so wonderful to watch a movie with absolutely no problems areas to screen out or explain . I also love the values that are emphasized and the demonstration of how to solve very deep personal problems arising from tragedy . If we all behaved as selflessly as these actors portrayed this world would be so much better and people would find the joy of helping others .
 Beautiful story of hope and overcoming struggles in life . Definitely recommend it to watch with your family or someone you love .
 Just watched this film at the Gideon Media Arts Conference and Film Festival in North Carolina . Wonderful , touching film . Great moments of humor and lump in the throat touching moments , too . Perfect for the whole family and one to watch again and again . 5 + stars .
 Wonderful , touching film . Great moments of humor and made me cry in places too . Excellent all round cast . Will definitely be a keeper and will watch this over and over .
 Our life brings us roller coasters , and we feel that there is no way out , because we do n't believe that they can , but you may have to look at something that 's right in front of you .
 I just viewed &#34; The Lamp &#34; for the first time . It starts off slowly and at first seems a downer because it sets the stage after a child 's untimely death . From there , it gets mysteriously hopeful when an antique lamp is received as a gift . To tell more would give away the most interesting and heartwarming plot , full of surprises , warm fuzzies . Good story line . You may anticipate how it will end , but it 's such a joy getting there . There is a subtle Christian message , but nothing &#34; preachy &#34; and the whole movie is full of hope . Do n't miss it !
 Thought provoking . Great message for all ages on love , loss , forgivness , healing , and family . Would watch again . A must see .
 Enjoyed the movie ! It has great principles for living your life . You can figure out the plot as it goes along , but that is just fine and those principles need reinforcement for each of us .
 This story/movie addresses major societal issues like
 The Lamp is a wonderful , wholesome and inspiring family film . It shows that if we have faith , even in the face of adversity , God can heal our hearts and allow us to grow in him . While there is sadness and grief , there is also hope and faith . I highly recommend this movie for anyone especially families . Watch and be prepared to grieve , hope and rejoice with the characers along their journey . Just Believe !
 `` The Lamp '' is a sleeper . A very simple movie . No great special effects , just life.Grief is expressed through a father who felt responsible for losing his only son . He then lost all love for himself and those around him . He felt it impossible to overcome . He was truly lost!The meaningful part of this well done , well casted movie , was that he really never needed the `` Lamp , '' just an opportunity to see the beauty of life through children.Again , it is a simple movie , but one with a great message . God knows we need more movies like this in these most difficult , material times . Help is coming ... Just Believe!Highly recommended.TaosGuy
 The issues face in this movie are the same as people face today . A broken marriage , financial struggles , a rewarding and fulfilling career , loss of a loved one and restoration . In my personal opinion I believe that this is a very personable film that every person who watches it can relate to .
 I love this movie for these reasons :1 - there is a good lesson that we as human from all ages need to learn
 I love movies that show relationships and this is one movie I am going to recommend to all of my friends ASAP . With all of the movies these days being dark , or filthy language , sex , etc. , it is great to see a movie that has FAMILY attitudes . I spend too much time cringing in my frontroom from the things I see on TV . Last year we decided to start a membership with a rental service and to buy the movies we fall in love with . This is one that we felt was a `` KEEPER '' . Today I am buying it so that we can watch it many times more . You wo n't be sorry if you buy this one .
 I will recommend this movie to everyone . It is so refreshing to have a clean , wholesome , movie that entertains and sends a message at the same time . I am so happy that Trost Moving Pictures are producing such films . This story is a definite tear-jerker but there are some light moments that make you laugh as well . We will be watching this again and look forward to future releases .
 A beautiful story about overcoming personal tragedy . I connected to the story and characters because of my own experiences.I 'm a big fan of Sarah Brown , Jason London , and Louis Gossett Jr. . Wonderful acting by the entire cast.I also loved the book that inspired this movie , and I think the film was successful in delivering its message .
 The Lamp is a great movie , clean for the entire family to watch . It has good morals and life lessons . This movie would be especially good if showing to any kind of youth group or youth gatherings . I definitely recommend it !
 After a Christmas Snow I wondered how Tracy Trost could top that great film . While `` The Lamp '' does n't quite do that , it is on the same high level . It is a very moving story and I will be purchasing copies for Christmas presents .
 The Walters Family lose their son in a tragic accident in the second movie based on a Jim Stovall Novel from Trost Moving Pictures . The Lamp . Stan can not get over the lost of his son . He only has the keepsakes that remind him . Unpacked boxes , trips to the baseball field , and the family dog that keeps him company . When Stan briefly leaves his wife , he returns only to dismiss accounts brought on by his wife regarding the Lamp . With an Inscription that reads Just Believe . Until he see potential in one of the local kids at the ball field . Who turns out to be a foster kid staying at a nearby home . Who wish is to find a nice family . Stan must move on with his life following the tragedy . Again redemption is found in the most unlikely of people . This time in The Lamp . Just Believe . A touching and heartwarming tale of faith and the human spirit .
 I recently attended a screening of this film with director Tracy Trost at the New Media Film Festival in Arizona . I thoroughly enjoyed it , excellent quality . Cameron Ten Napel is a star . Buy this one , you wo n't be sorry . Trailer on You Tube
 Stealing Beauty is one of those rare films that transports and transforms you . After watching this film , I wanted to board myself and all of friends on a plane and start an artist commune in Italy . It is a beautiful look at one young woman 's life and emerging sexuality -LRB- and sensuality ! -RRB-
 Liv tyler is amazing ! She has perfectly portrayed her character ! Plus the GREAT performance of Jeremy Irons as an old playwright dying of AIDS . Her awakening of how sexuality affects every human being where ever you are is quite an inspiring touch to the human soul . A recommenadable film indeed !
 Bertulloci manages to make a nice - though not majestic - tale of a young woman 's quest to loose her innocence and enter the questionable stages of adulthood.Liv Tyler is very good as the young woman who is longing to be a virgin no more in the land of Italy . While in Italy , this young woman manages to find out some things about men -LRB- many are not as nice as they seem -RRB- , her deceased mother -LRB- who stayed in Italy -RRB- and a middle-aged man dying of AIDS -LRB- Jeremy Irons , whose performance is solid as usual -RRB- . Also relavent is her new knowledge of her Italian family , whose personal sex lives are put up close and personal by the highly erotic director.A strange fact of this movie is that - to my knowledge - there is virtually little or anything about politics in this movie . It is solely about innocence in youth and sexual frustration . What a change for the famed left wing director!For those who want a simple story about sex , innocence and the beautey of italy , I would highly recommend this tale .
 Also from the viewer AND LISTENER in California
 My husband and I never tire of this magical and truthful story and its ' intensely artful characters , dialog and scenery .
 I loved Bernardo Bertolucci 's movie `` Stealing Beauty '' -LRB- 1996 -RRB- when I saw it for the first time almost 15 years ago , and I remember how surprised I was to rather mixed and lukewarm reactions of some famous and respectable critics towards it . Many of them accused Stealing Beauty in what they called `` apparent self-indulgence , and lack of character development and drama . '' I do n't care about self-indulgence if it helps to create as beautiful and pleasing to all senses film as Stealing Beauty . And if the critics did not feel sweet gentle sadness from encountering the stealing beauty that one ca n't hold on to forever , I feel sorry for them.I rewatched the film recently and I loved it even more than first time . It has got some healing quality to it , it glows under Tuscany sun . It is filled with warmth , longing and bitter-sweetness . This must be one of my favorite movies about coming of age , about unforgettable moment in time that changes life of a young person forever and touches lives of all people around her . In the center of the film , there is Lucy , a 19 years old American girl , who came to Italy to spend the summer with the group of artists - friends of her mother while trying to come to terms with her mother 's recent suicide and the secrets that she took with her . Lucy will learn more about people she thought she knew well and about herself . She will change forever during the unforgettable summer in Tuscany.Stealing Beauty is a European film in the best sense of the word . Leisurely paced , gorgeously shot , it looks in the faces of characters , in the beauty surrounding them , with interest and affection . This is a lovely film that celebrates life and beauty of youth , nature and Italy , Art and power of memory . This film reminds me another favorite of mine , `` Enchanting April '' -LRB- 1992 -RRB- . Perhaps , because both movies have the same atmosphere , the similar scenery , the sun of Tuscany , and their effect on characters , and both are so delightfully and unabashedly romantic.Liv Tyler in her first big role lit the screen with her beauty and , charming awkwardness . She was very convincing as the girl hesitating to step over the border between adolescence and maturity . Lyv Tyler obviously was not an experienced actress at 19 but I do n't think it was required of her . Lucy was natural and charming , innocent and curious , she was the center of the film , and her innocence , wholesomeness , insecurity and seriousness touched lives of everyone she spent that summer in Tuscany with . Watching Tyler simply move on screen is a cinematic pleasure . One second , the movements of her endless legs and arms are graceful and fluid , next - she is all angular impetuosity . She knew the effect of her luminous beauty on everyone but she was not quite sure how to deal with it.Besides Liv Tyler in the performance that made her a star , Jeremy Irons is also memorable as Alex Parrish . `` Stealing Beauty '' was the last feature film of the multi - talented , famous and beloved French actor , Jean Marais , mostly known for his collaboration with Jean Cocteau , Lucino Visconti and for many excellent film and stage performances .
 Talk about eye candy !! The lush scenes of Tuscany were so beautiful , and the shots were exquisite . One thing I really liked about this movie is that it puts to life a beautiful dream of mine ... falling in love while on vacation in another country ! It 's perfect , every girl 's dream , what with the romantic countryside and the sexy Italian guys running around everywhere !! This movie made me want to run out and buy tickets to fly to Tuscany !! If you 're a fellow girl , while watching this movie , you truly wish you could change places with Lucy , the main character . It brings real meaning to the phrase ` living vicariously ' ! It was a deeply moving film , to say the least . I love how this movie kept you in suspense , never letting you know who Lucy was going to give her heart -LRB- and herself !! -RRB- to in the end . Though I personally thought her having sex with the guy at the end was a bit sudden , I love and admire her desire to make sure it was special and that they were in love before doing so . The guy -LRB- she chooses -RRB- is so unbelievabely sweet , and I was so happy for both of them when Lucy chose him !! I love Liv Tyler ; she is a fabulously talented , beautiful , and classy actress . -LRB- a good role model -RRB- . She played the role perfectly . No one could have done a better -LRB- or even as good as -RRB- job playing the beautiful , innocent Lucy . I also loved the whole `` artsy-farty '' side of the film . Being a poet is another dream of mine as well . This movie also has a fabulous soundtrack -LRB- which I myself am dying to buy !! -RRB- . My only complaints
 Like the reviewer said , you 'll want to book a flight to Tuscany immediatly . This movie is amazing.The film is facinating and well-rounded . It has the feel of a foreign film , -LRB- which may be why there were mixed reviews by American critics , -RRB- but there are no subtitles to keep a constant eye on . I would love to take up residence in just about any of the character 's shoes.I have almost worn out my VHS version and I 'll be getting the DVD soon . I can guarantee that anyone with even the slightest love of intellectualism and romanticism will be greatly impressed by this film .
 `` Stealing Beauty '' is a new look at a classic coming of age story . Lucy 's search to find her biological father is not so much a need to find her roots but to discover that missing part of herself - a hole that prevents her from being able to give of herself to another.This movie may begin with Lucy looking for that missing piece of her identity , but ends with the realities of love and sex for a generation that deals with the disease.The metaphor of the plot , the beauty of Italy , the brilliance of the actors , innocent passion , in every way this movie satisfies the senses .
 i have seen this movie so many times , it 's scary ! liv tyler shines in this film and she is photographed so well aginst the beautiful backdrop of tuscany . the supporting cast is also very excellent as is the ultra-cool soundtrack.highly recommended for all pleasure seekers ...
 The story , TUSCANY , and the sculpture and the actors make this a great film , often neglected . Pour yourself a glass of wine and enjoy !
 This is a beautiful film . It 's a spot on treatment on how people , particularly men , interact with a virginal young beauty . The Italian countryside is so beautiful . The flow of the film is slow and dreamy . What I loved about the characters is that they are all human and full of flaws like everybody else . I first watched this film when I was sixteen and now several years later it is just as stunning .
 Liv Tyler is beautiful.This movie is Art for Artists.If you appreciate art or beauty or music or life or love or just hot chicks or beautiful people or freedom of spirit then damn it you need to see this movie . : - -RRB-
 My husband and I watching all sorts of movies about Tuscany these days because of the coming trip to Italy . This is one of our favorite movies about Italy as well as love and romance in general . Very innocent and full of passion at the same time . Beautifully told story .
 Stealing Beauty is a beautiful , sensuous story of love and loss . Lucy 's losing her virginity is the obstensible focus of the plot , but the movie is really about the beauty of loss - loss of a parent , an old friend , a schoolgirl fantasy of the perfect `` first time . '' The scenery is stunning , the soundtrack great , lots of humor and quirkiness , not to mention Liv Tyler 's face . Watch this movie a few times - it gets better each time around .
 I thought it was a great movie . It was so beautiful , both visually and intellectually - and sensually also . I loved it . It was slow and easy and relaxed and had a wonderful feel to it . I 'm an action-adventure fan , but I just ate this movie up . I highly recommend it .
 Simply put , this is a must see movie . Truly a cinema photography masterpiece . The director captures your attention with his skillful use of colors and beauty . Do n't rent this , BUY IT ! You 'll enjoy this many times over . If you do n't love the artistic qualities of this film , you 'll at least love the beauty and inocence of Liv Tyler . The plot is a little weak , but the film 's beauty more than makes up for it .
 Absolutely incredible ! Though I am a sucker for a lot of soul-searching types of chick-flicks , never before had I been so enraptured by a movie that has been dubbed a chick-flick . Liv Tyler 's acting was commendable , and the rest of the cast lived up to and beyond the challenge of overcoming her beauty . The cinematography was breath-taking and the storyline grabbed me from the beginning . Few movies are about a young girl 's longing for love AND sex , and I was pleasantly surprised that Stealing Beauty did a remarkable job of portraying boh .
 Well , I give five stars so I mean five.Lusy and her friends are complitely nature caracters who gives us some more information about realy beauty.This DVD is the best only because this film is the best.Bernardo Bertolici is the only one who knows to make public satisfied.This DVD is for special public who is fond of films such as this one .
 The story is good , not great , but good ... if it had been more on the level of Babette 's Feast , this would have been a masterpiece , BUT . . Visually , this film is stunning . The scenery and filming of it is unbelievable ! I felt like I was looking through the eyes of every impresionist painter of the past as I soaked in the composed shots . Beautiful !
 I have watched this movie several times and it always stimulates a bohemian lifestyle fantasy where one becomes a young woman coming of age in a beautiful Tuscany , Italy . The cast is captivating especially performances by Liv Tyler and Jeremy Irons . This movie is a must see for the erotic adventurer and young at heart !
 every woman 's wish ... beautiful , dreamlike loss of virginity and emergence as a woman . Wonderfully acted , incredibly picturesque . If you do n't see this for the beautiful story , see it for the scenery . I love this movie 's endless `` moments ''
 This movie is perhaps one of the most refreshing films of this decade . Liv Tyler is an angel , emparting her most innocent qualities with sincerity and charisma . Beautiful landscape , filling your soul with a deep breath of inspiration . Though she is foriegn to this heavenly countryside , Tuscany welcomes her with the most open of arms . Liv will lead you on a journey of self-fulfillment , giving faith to your most secret dreams . A must see , you will thank yourself .
 This is just a comment about an unfortunate omission on the DVD
 Often this or that work is referred to as `` transitional '' but with `` Stealing Beauty '' this term actually applies . Moving from the somber , epic melancholy of his Eastern Trilogy films , Bertolucci here breaks off his collaboration with world 's greatest cinematographer Vittorio Storraro and begins the reinvention of his cinematic style that would soon find flower in his latest masterpiece `` Besieged '' . With `` Stealing Beauty '' he is first exploring his new , romantic and youthful mood and deconstructing the lilting , adagio-like crane shots that have represented the full glory of his style . This film never attains the speed and light of `` Besieged '' but you can see the beginnings of it at far-flung moments , like with the montage that is spun from Lucy 's notebook and the Tuscan countryside . For a film whose watchwords were supposedly `` Jean Renoir '' and `` Mozart '' , `` Stealing Beauty '' never quite finds the lightness of touch that it seeks -LRB- and the alternative music dates the film badly -- even at the time of release it felt a bit incongruous , as though the Old Master were trying on glad rags , a bit like Godard turning Botticelli 's Venus into a rollerskateing babe -RRB- . But never mind -- Bertolucci on a slouching day beats even some legendary directors at their best . `` Stealing Beauty '' is graced with gorgeously deep greens and browns , courtesy of the gifted , though in other movies sometimes misguided , Darius Khondji . Liv Tyler does everything the role of Lucy requires of her -- and no , she does n't just have to pout and look pretty . Jereme Irons broods with the expected finesse , and Jean Marais scene-steals terrifically . Rachel Weisz earns her place in the Bertolucci Hall of Fame for nude actresses with her scene as an enticing poolside odalisque . The film , if shaky at times , manages to persuade us of Lucy 's idealism and the inspiring quality of her beauty . This is richly apparent in the dreamy sequence where Donal McCann gets her to bare a breast -- admire the interplay of the other characters , Daisy feeling left out and beating a tree , Richard acting predictably aroused beyond belief , etc. . This languor is ultimately the film 's strength . The characters may sometimes be too narrow to be likeable , but the mood lifts them above themselves . As for Bertolucci , he may be a bit uncomfortable being too sweet and innocent
 This may not appeal to the US market , a slightly slow film but beautifully cast and photographed . Liv Tyler reaches peaks she has not had the script or direction to reach since , Jeremy Irons plays his best role for years and the rest of the ensemble , largely-British cast -LRB- including a very young Joseph Fiennes -RRB- also excels in roles where what is not said is sometimes more important than the dialogue . And the soundtrack is fantastic . I 'm delighted this is coming out on DVD
 The first time I watched this movie I was about seventeen . And from my considerably nave 17 year old perspective this seemed like a deeply engaging , very interesting and ultimately romantic movie . Though I was not oblivious to the juxtaposition of things traditionally romanticized with less than romantic realities , I was largely distracted by Lucy 's own journey to give anything else much thought . It was likely the first time that I saw a well developed character like Lucy who was n't the confident bubblegum type of romantic heroine that I was accustomed to seeing . Perhaps that says more about the movies I was watching at the time than anything else , but Lucy 's imperfections and awkwardness resonated with me and `` Stealing Beauty very quickly became one of my favourite movies.Last Sunday , almost ten yeats later , I sat down to watch it again.I am more aware now of the interesting and at times somewhat fetishistic ways in which Lucy 's virginity was treated by the men and women around her . This is just a personal opinion rather than a critique ; but there 's an interesting ugliness in the men 's reactions to Lucy that is more pronounced now that I watch it again . I 'm much more interested in the way that characters like Chris , Alex and Nicolo react to -LRB- and take advantage of -RRB- Lucy -LRB- and the idea of Lucy -RRB- as well as Lucy 's responses to them . And I think that such interesting complexities are a credit to the way that Bertolucci tells his stories as a director . Though I see it differently now , Stealing Beauty remains one of my favourite films .
 This is an artistically well-done movie if there ever was one . In fact , I do n't think it would be going too far to call it Bernardo Bertolucci 's best movie.The film centers around an American girl -LRB- Liv Tyler -RRB- who travels over to Italy to visit her relatives . While there , she gains the friendship of an older writer -LRB- Jeremy Irons -RRB- who is dying of cancer . Tyler exudes a youthful , natural and yet mysterious beauty which complements Irons ' masculine , distinguished screen-presence quite nicely . In many sequences , Tyler is photographed so elegantly that she appears to be a model for one of Boticelli 's paintings.Juxtaposed with this bonding is the desire for Tyler 's character to lose her virginity . In this rite-of-passage , her dying friend becomes her mentor . They both want it to be `` special , '' but she is also tempted to just `` do it '' with the efficacy of becoming a complete woman.As the cover of the DVD shows Liv Tyler nude , a lot of guys are probably wondering if this is a movie in which she actually bares anything . The answer is ... yes ! There are a few brief scenes in which she is topless . To my knowledge , this is the only film in which she appears nude.Filmed on the sun-drenched verdant rolling green countryside of Italy , the movie is colorfully illustrated by vibrant contrasts of red and green . The cinematography goes a long way towards giving the story a distinctly Italian flavor.So , if you 're Italian , like Italian stuff , enjoy aesthetically pleasing films , admire Jeremy Irons or have a crush on Liv Tyler , this movie is for you . If none of these things appeal to you , this probably is not a DVD for you .
 After a trio of exotic disappointments -LRB- The Last Emperor , The Sheltering Sky , Little Buddha -RRB- , director Bernardo Bertolucci teturned to his native Italy for the first time in fifteen years with Stealing Beauty . The result is his most intimate film since Last Tango In Paris , a coming-of-age tale in which 19-year-old Lucy Harmon -LRB- Liv Tyler -RRB- travels from America to Tuscany to spend time with family friends following her mother 's suicide . She has a couple of ulterior motives for taking the trip -- to discover the real identity of her father and lose her virginity to Niccolo , an Italian boy who was her first love as a young teenager.The story is a flimsy construct but it 's well supported by Tyler 's appealing , open performance , some sharp playing from Jeremy Irons , Donal McCann and Sinead Cusack , and Darius Khondji 's supple , deep focus photography . Bertolucci relies a little heavily on music cues to telegraph emotions but he 's in full control of this subtle tale , which proceeds in a languorous daze to a tender and touching close . There are those who still bemoan the director 's forsaking of political themse to concentrate wholly on the personal , but the film-making skill and the understanding of the human heart apparent in such films as The Spider 's Stratagem and The Conformist are still very much in evidence here . It may focus on the soul rather than the state , but Stealing Beauty feels just as important as anything Bertolucci has made in the past .
 Italian director Bernardo Bertolucci brings that certain European pacing and feel to his movies , even though the past several have been made in English and often with at least one American actor . This means you can expect a great amount of talking and very little action , which can be wonderful if you are in the right frame of mind . He also brings that European attitude toward sexuality and nudity -LRB- and no , I am not equating the two -RRB- , which is to say his actors are fairly uninhibited . He usually peppers his films with a fair amount of nudity and/or sex , and `` Stealing Beauty '' is no exception . It is no secret the average American is much more inhibited about his or her body than the average European , which provides the filmmaker with an opportunity for commentary . American teen , Lucy , visits her family in Tuscany shortly after her mother 's passing in order to find her father . She is taken aback , however , when she heads to the swimming pool one day and finds everyone lounging about naked . She declines to join in . Eventually , however , she loosens up enough to expose a breast while posing for a portrait . `` When in Rome ... '' -LRB- or in the vicinity , anyway -RRB- . Bertolucci is providing a view of the Italian way of life , or at least those aspects that interest him most , through the eyes of an American . He compares and contrasts the two cultures with details that seem too obvious to even illuminate . It is interesting that Lucy seems to find more in common with some of the Italians she meets than she does with some of the Americans there . Over the course of the film , beauty takes precedence over deeper levels of meaning , though this is not necessarily to the film 's detriment . This is essentially a coming-of-age story , with Lucy learning to enjoy life 's simple pleasures , including sex . It is evident that Bertolucci finds beauty and pleasure to be of the utmost importance , which makes this subject a perfect fit for him . Liv Tyler is up to the task of carrying this film and the rest of the cast is marvelous as well . This is one to enjoy for its characters , its mood and yes , its beauty .
 Liv Tyler vividly conveys Lucy 's ambivalent feelings about sex and the different ways she tries to negotiate the uneasiness -LRB- or intrigue -RRB- of her elders in the presence of such youthful innocence . Stealing Beauty demonstrates that Bernardo Bertolucci is as adept at intimate drama as he is with epic productions.This is also a movie for every girl who wished losing her virginity had been more pleasant.Say under a tree on a hilltop in Tuscany with a gentle , compassionate boy after spending a week at a vineyard having probing and interesting conversations with a dozen artists and writers .
 Bernardo Bertolucci is one of those directors you either love or hate . He can easily rub someone the wrong way with his exploitation and ceaseless explicit content , but when one understands the message behind Bertolucci 's apparent sensual frustrations he can be appreciated for much more than he is usually regarded as . His films are not mere ` skin flicks ' as some have felt the need to wrongfully accuse them of being . In fact , some of his films are sheer masterpieces -LRB- ` Last Tango in Paris ' is above and beyond one of the best films ever made -RRB- and even those that fall somewhat short of his intellectual reaching -LRB- ` The Dreamers ' was close but yet so far from his potential -RRB- are still much more than meets the eye . ` Stealing Beauty ' is one of his weaker films , for it does n't have the emotional or even the political depth of his other work , but it still manages to carry itself rather well and touches upon much more than bare skin.The story is a coming of age tale that revolves around a nineteen year old virgin named Lucy . After her mother 's suicide , Lucy travels to Italy to visit friends of her mothers . Her mother had journeyed to this artistic retreat twenty years prior and had become pregnant with Lucy , so Lucy 's agenda in visiting is to find her real father ; and lose her virginity . There are many different individuals whom she meets and forms friendships with , including Ian , the serious sculptor who is intrigued by Lucy 's innocence , as well as Alex , the dying guest who stimulates Lucy intellectually.And then there are a slew of young Italian boys who find her just utterly delicious.While the film centers itself on Lucy 's libido and her desire to lose that prized possession known as her virginity -LRB- why are we so quick to give away something so precious -RRB- it is n't merely about that act . While staying at this home Lucy is given a glimpse a life very far removed from her own ; a life of carefree passions and removed from all scrutiny . There are scenes where characters parade about in the nude ; no one reluctant but everyone comfortable and content . It appears shocking to some and maybe even repulsive , but the truth of the matter is that Bertolucci is trying to show the contrasting variables of self contentment . As an American culture we are often guarded , as if we are afraid to expose ourselves to others . The fact that everyone at this house is that open , even the unfit and or older ones , shows that there is a level of self respect and love that is not found in a lot of individuals today.The acting is all pretty well done , with only a few missteps . Sinead Cusack and Rachel Weisz stand out amidst all the pretty faces as two very talented and very moving actresses . Liv Tyler is gorgeous and has a sense of restraint needed to carry her character , but she does at times get lost in the scenes . A lot has been said over Jeremy Irons performance , but personally I did n't find him nearly as moving as the late Donal McCann who handled Ian with such fervor . He really understood how to embody his character with the right amount of smoldering sensuality that made him utterly irresistible . His eyes were just downright piercing.This is no where near as deeply investing as ` Last Tango in Paris ' , but it is much more than some reviewers have made it sound . This is not a ` boring film only good for a shot of Tyler 's goods ' but a sensible and honest portrait of a young girl finding herself amidst people who truly understand what it means to be free .
 This movie is erotic in every way but more than that it appeals to all the senses . Tremendous acting , plausible story line , lush country side scenery , interesting insight into the lives and minds of real artists living the lives of real artists with all their human frailties , intense and interesting relationships that variously develop , restore , and erode into oblivion . Excellent movie on all levels and for the life of me I can not figure why the price of this DVD is so cheap .
 I agree with the reviews to date . Liv has such a beauty but this movie is not about nudity . I think the directory uses nudity to prolong the plot , if there is one . I have learned not to expect an intense plot from this director and as such can relax into his films . Combine physical beauty , wonderful scenery , and artsy acting and this makes a nice afternoon.Truly this film would only rate 3 stars if it were not for the nubile beauty of Liv . I think previous reviewers have said that better than I can .
 I have to address the boredom issue . This movie is boring , ONLY if you like and are used to big blockbuster films like Spiderman . Or maybe you are a Hillary Duff or Reese Witherspoon fan . But , if you like cinematic greats and you wish to think while watching a film , then you wo n't be bored . Liv Tyler is beautiful , but that is n't what makes this film beautiful . It is the director , it is Italy , it is the scenery , it is the the observance of the sensual in life , and yes also the story . I worked at Blockbuster while in college and every person who was too lazy to read a back cover would ask for my recommendation and when I suggested this movie or to name a few-Titus , Hedwig and the Angry Inch , Laurel Canyon , Swimming Pool , Frida , Last Temptation of Christ , Personal Velocity-they would ask to see it and when I took them to the single box-they were put off . So , what I 'm getting at if you like popular movies , action mostly , and find it hard to read a back cover than yeah this movie would bore the hell out of you . To the rest of you . It is inspiring in its beauty and like a good novel it stays with you in your mind and soul . It is a beautiful gem and I want to move to Italy and hang out with my bohemian friends now !!!!
 This is a wonderfully shot film that stars Liv Tyler , and other notable actors such as Jeremy Irons . It is a typical coming of age story , set in the middle of a beautiful Tuscan landscape . Living in an almost hippy commune full of artists and writers , Tyler tries to find herself and most importantly become a woman and lose her virginity . Under the guidance of Irons , she learns more about men , life and it 's brevity . Her true dream is to reunite with her childhood love , but as in real life , she finds that sometimes things are better left in one 's imagination . Instead she finds what she was most looking for is right there practically under her nose . With a great soundtrack that includes the music of Portishead , I recommend this film highly .
 I would have never guessed this was Bernardo Bertolucci film -LRB- Last Emperor -RRB- . Simple story with some great acting -LRB- Irons , Cusack , Moffet and Rachel Weisz -RRB- and some of most gorgeous cinematography ever filmed ! With a superb soundtrack featuring great songs such as 2 Wicky , Glory Box , Superstition , Alice and I Need Love sung by Sam Phillips ! Lot 's of lush and mood setting atmosphere in this coming of age picture featuring young Liv Tyler ! Pure cinema ! Pure magic ! Cheers !
 A truly beautiful film that follows a girl on her quest to find love -LRB- and lose her virginity -RRB- . Scenery , tone , filming and writing are all quite exquisite .
 This movie was a very unique film about a girl 's search for her father , and the unexpected love she finds in Italy . The scenery and filming in this movie is beautiful . I am a guy , and loved this movie , so I 'm sure you would too .
 The presence of Lyv Tyler -LRB- 1977 - -RRB- makes us to walk in the road of erotism and takes us back to our first love .
 Loved this one . It 's clever , and enjoyable . I understand some of the criticisms , but it 's worth the rental fee . I think its one of my faves ! The musical score is fantastic too . It was refreshing to see Italy portrayed this way , there was certainly an unapolagetic sense of authenicity . Liv is perfectly cast , like her or not , she seems to have a solid grasp of Lucy 's mindset . Joe Finnes is fantastic as Chris , and I ca n't rant enough about how brilliantly cast this film is .
 Hello , we have Liv Tyler , Rachel Weitz and Sinead Cusack on one side and Jeremy Irons , Joe Feinnes , Donal McCann and Jean Marais on the other -LRB- not to mention some other toothsome young men , but never mind them right now . -RRB- My point is that there 's not only a strong eye-candy factor going on here , but it showcases some notably talented individuals , some like Marais and McCann in their last -LRB- or almost last -RRB- roles and some , like Feinnes and Weitz , early in their careers . The story is n't much , and Tyler does n't contribute much , IMO , but she 's pretty enough that should n't matter . The others take up all the slack so admirably and completely that she 's almost extraneous . And if they do n't capture your imagination , the breathtaking scenery will . I 'm giving it 4 stars for being pretty and for putting so many wonderful actors to work . Do n't expect a whole lot more .
 A favorite , and I like the fact that because it is pre owned , it is much cheaper , a perfect addition to my collection .
 This film is really quite unique ; I must admit that the plot is a little dubious and winding -LRB- kind of leaves you wondering `` what 's the purpose ? '' -RRB- . However , after you get into the movie , you 're not too concerned with the plot per se . Watching this film is like admiring a painting . It 's more about emotion , atmosphere , and most of all , beauty , than it is about a particular story . Like the title suggests , this film is about beauty . Beauty is presented in many forms ; it is in the rolling hills of Tuscany , and it is certainly within the sinfully seductive and heavenly Liv Tyler . I believe it was the director 's meaning to portray Liv Tyler as `` beauty incarnate '' ; the very essence of feminine perfection . No one could have played this role better than Liv Tyler . She is so breathtakingly beautiful that one feels guilty staring at her so intently . I agree with a previous reviewer that the director attempted to prove that losing one 's virginity can be a beautiful thing , and I admire this refreshing point of view .
 Excellent film if you ask me . I love artistic movies , and this is definitely a feast for your eyes . I love it when I am involved in a story , and I feel like I am walking beside the main character throughout , and this film achieves that feeling . Basic stuff inside though , young person coming of age , albeit a worldly female , it 's still basically a coming of age film .
 `` Stealing Beauty '' could be considered a breakthrough for both Liv Tyler and Rachel Weisz . Not only it helped Tyler shake off her failure in previous films -LRB- `` Heavy '' and `` Silent Fall '' -RRB- , it gave her and Weisz a good leverage to box office hits thereafter -LRB- like `` The Mummy '' and `` Lord of the Rings '' -RRB- . So Bernardo Bertolucci deserved all the credit here . In fact , the cast and cinematography were quite enjoyable . However , when it came to Bertolucci 's portrayal of life through the eyes of artists -LRB- and people connected with them in one way or another -RRB- , I could n't help thinking of Federico Fellini . I believe Bertolucci is almost as good as Fellini , just one small step short . After watching `` Stealing Beauty '' , I logged on to search for `` La Dolce Vita '' and pre-ordered the DVD right away . If you want to figure out what 's missing in Bertolucci 's artwork , I strongly recommend you to do the same .
 I 've seen this movie at least 10 times , but I 'm a girl and love the weepy chick-flicks . In this particular film , Liv plays a sensuous soulful 19 year-old named Lucy . She travels to Tuscany as a gift from her father , and winds up searching for stories about her deceased mother and the men she was with . She stayes with her aunt and uncle , cousin and dying neighbor -LRB- Jeremy Irons -RRB- who she confided in about her virginity . He spills the beans and she is faced with a bit of humiliation until she meets Oswaldo , whom she fell in love with years before during her first visit . In this passionate romance , Liv is stunningly beautiful and naive , but in the end she shows her courage when confronted with the news of who her biological father is . This is an excellent movie for couples : - -RRB-
 this movie was the best movie I have seen in ages . I thought that it was filmed amazingly well , and the scenery was soo lavish and so perfect . Cast well . The characters are all diverse , and you can easily relate to their story . I love this film .
 If you loved this one , you have GOT to see `` Sirens . '' Are there any more like these two out there ?
 Artsy people in beautiful scenery with a great musical score made me want to run away to live in Tuscany . I was pleasantly surprised to find an actual plot as well . This was a very human story about coming of age , growing older and facing death . All the characters were very well acted and the focus was on the good and inspiring not the stupid and frivolous as most of the time it is .
 Absolutely beautiful movie . Scenery and dialogue alike . On top of all that , it features a music video of the Liz Phair song `` Rocket Boy '' at the end !! What more could one ask for ?
 The whole aspect of the movie created a very romanitic scene . Both the beautiful scenery and the characters made this movie great . I enjoyed this movie and would n't mind seeing Liv Tyler in more similar roles .
 Setting ... . Liv ... . Characterizations ... . Liv ... . Convergent Plots ... Liv . Bellissimo . A very stylistic and charming film about a girl on the verge of becoming a woman . In the European tradition , the plots are many , intertwined and finish with human secrets which settle like a fine wine on a sunny Tuscany day .
 I viewed this movie ages ago , and saw it again recently
 This film has a relaxing quality about it that just soothes the soul . The cast is very good together as well , and the film really does have a nice ensemble quality even if Liv takes up the majority of screen time . I bought the DVD after watching on IFC , and the television version has english subtitles when Italian is being spoken . The DVD does not , as many others have mentioned . This is very annoying , because you do lose some sub-plot information by not knowing what is being said between characters speaking Italian.I would have loved to have seen a director 's cut with commentary . Anyway , regardless , this is a great film for any time you want to really escape for a couple of hours . The film is such that after you 've watched it , you feel as if you 've become one of the summer house guests . I think I read another review somewhere that was critical of the fact that this area of Italy is shown as being `` old country '' and that these areas are much more urbanized than portrayed . However , I think this is actually being addressed in the film when they show the television station/towers being built and comment on it.All in all , I do love this film . I love watching it , I love watching certain scenes , and it 's very , very relaxing !
 I saw this film on Bravo maybe a year ago , tuning in about halfway though . Howver , I 've never been able to forget it . The sensual , mysterious beauty of this film is just that
 This breakout performance of Liv Tyler is by far her greatest work.Under the lush scenes of Italy , a young woman/girl , Lucy , comes looking to solve the mystery her mother left behind . Who is her natural father ? Her mother left the clues in the poetry she wrote , and Lucy investigates the villa of a family friend to find her answer.While she searches , Lucy affects all those around her at the villa . While discovering the mystery of her past , the discovers the mysteries of her present . This is an excellent coming of age story .
 One of the best movies of all time ! Bertolucci captures it all
 Beautiful film . But my review is not on the film but on the DVD itself.As already mentioned by a previous reviewer , this DVD has no subtitles for the Italian and French dialogue that occurs throughout the film . And if you turn your English subtitles on , translations are still missing . At times it will just say '' -LRB- speaking in Italian -RRB- . '' This gets rather frustrating . Thankfully , I have taped this film previously -LRB- which has the translation -RRB- - let alone , seen the film a dozen times - and am able to comprehend what has been said . But if you are seeing this film for the first time , at times you will feel lost or not get the true sense of the film.In addition , the DVD menu screen is poorly design and barely readable.Nevertheless , this is a beautifully shot and directed film that must be seen in Widescreen - unfortunately , only availabe on this DVD.And as already mentioned above - one of the best soundtracks .
 Great film ! Reasons :1 . Lush sceneries of the Italian countryside .2 . The very beautiful , talented and always watchable Liv Tyler .3 . Great supporting cast -LRB- eg . Rachel Weizz , Jeremy Irons , D.W.Moffet , and the many talented Italian actors -RRB- 4 . Wonderful storyline and script .5 . Excellent photographic skills . Watching the movie is like being in a beautiful dream where you do n't ever want to wake up ... and more ! I highly recommend this video to anyone who loves beautifully-made movies with thought-provoking storylines.The movie 's set in the 1970s . After her mother passes away , Liv Tyler 's character -LRB- Lucy Harmon -RRB- goes back to Italy -LRB- where she first visited 4 years ago -RRB- to solve the mystery of who her real father is -LRB- all she has for clue is a mysterious poem written by her mother when she was still alive -RRB- . Lucy also desperately wants to fall in love and `` give herself '' to a deserving man . There 're several guys vying for her attention . But who wins her heart in the end ? Nicolo ? Oswaldo ? Christopher ? A drunk guy she met at a party ? Watch the movie to find out . . but I 'll just like to add that in the end , Lucy made a wise and excellent choice and I just love her for it !
 This movie is far from a thriller but it just shows that women are in need to . No matter how beautiful you are you still have problems and are in need just like men . I like it because that is the side of women we never see . . they are so cool , ya know ? But this film shows a beautiful woman that wants to have sex badly but just ca n't find that right guy ! And when you look at her you are like man ? I wish I could help out so bad ! But anyway , it is beautifully filmed and the setting is beautiful . It makes you feel like you are actually visiting that country . I am not hot on slow movies unless they are weird or mind stretching , but this one is really interesting to watch . Expecially to see a beautiful woman for once struggling with passion and sex!And it has some comic relief in it as well ! The tactic 's that some of those men used to try to get her in bed , was completley Uproarious ! Liv Tyler pertrays such a virginal and Innocent performance . There is n't any huge nudity parts in this film , she only shows her upper torso . But anyway I love this movie alot every sense I rented it I have missed looking at it . Which means this title will be purchased very shortly!The party scene was so beautiful , to see the dance culture and the various personalities at the event . This is definitley a atmosphere movie just as `` Under the Cherry Moon was which was filmed in France . Definitley if you are a cultural person and you like eye candy this is the film to get . I think you will learn alot about Italy watching this film . I got this one because of my interest in her beauty after I saw `` Lord of the rings . `` Arish
 What a story and what a place to have it in . Bertolucci gives us an image of a delicious creature in a place impossible to leave . A young girl in search of her past is given new earth in this Tuscan coming of age saga . Great soundtrack , beautiful footage and interesting . Add to your collection .
 Years after seeing this movie -LRB- I saw it in a theater , 3 times ! -RRB- I want to return and see it again . Beautiful , beautiful.Liv and all involved , thank you for doing this movie ... When is the sequel ????
 take me liv !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This movie is sooo good.Its really a movie about self discovery , she is searching for her biological father , and how her mother used to be like when she was younger . The setting is gorgeous , and I never get tired of this movie . It deals with issues like her virginity , cancer , marriage , affairs , first loves . You owe it to yourself to watch this movie .
 This is a GREAT movie ! I LOVE the soundtrack ! This movie is a fav of mine and got me into TripHop . DaveC
 & amp ; quot ; Stealing Beauty & amp ; quot ; is beautiful looking , sounding , and feeling . If you 're looking for : < br / > < br / > 1 . an artsy/atypical film < br / > 2 . a lovely story < br / > 3 . superb detail that catches the eye < br / > < br / > ... then grab a pillow , some ice cream , and relax with this film - again and again . It never loses its appeal . & lt ; br / & gt ; < br / > & lt ; br / & gt ; < br / > It has special significance for those of you who 've experienced the spectacular colors and sights of Italy ...
 This is a poignant , subtle and sensual film that slowly and gently draws you in and stays with you long after the story has ended . Those who are used to action-packed plots laden with explosions , car chases , and gratuitous sex should look elsewhere . Likewise avoid it if you like movies to hit you over the head with a message . Stealing Beauty 's deceptively simple coming of age story has a depth which I appreciated even more after the third viewing . There 's far more to this film than just basking vicariously in the enviably languid pace of Tuscan life -LRB- although that is a very appealing part of this movie and the scenery is gorgeous -RRB- or admiring Liv Tyler 's youthful beauty . Stealing Beauty is rich with mystery -LRB- of birth , life , death , sex , choices -RRB- and wonder . It 's a beautiful journey and I highly recommend this film .
 I loved the atmosphere provided by this movie . In an age where car chases , explosions and nonsensical violence rules movie making this is a refreshing breath of air . The Tuscan surroundings and sensitive photography are incredible if you 're the artistic type . There 's hardly a plot but then again who cares with the idyllic setting , beautiful characters and relaxing music . I loved this movie .
 this was the first proof I really got that European film is something different and extraordinary ! Set out in beautiful Tuscany the scenery in this movie is stunning ; the landscape , the details , the architecture . And when it comes to acting oh dear , Jeremy Irons is really something ! * lol * Playing a dying man he is still intriguing and keeping the mystery of this film going . Seducing young Liv Tyler 's carachter and leading her forward in this somewhat odd story . The film is doing a great job at showing the confusion of being young , so therefor I think the oddness serves a good purpose . No matter what you think of the story , you will remember it a long time after for it 's beauty .
 Sooooo good , it makes me tear up ! Thank you ever so much ! You have to see it , the direction was spot-on !
 I saw the first half of this movie a few years ago , and it 's occasionally bugged me that I did n't know what happened at the end . Now I do . The story would have been tragic with any other ending , but as it is , it ended on a note similar to that of Chocolat -LRB- Juliette Binoche , Johnny Depp . -RRB- Worth a look .
 In the film , the music moves the images and concepts along . On its own , it is an amazing collection of stand alone music . I 'm glad I purchased and expanded my music collection .
 Years after seeing this movie -LRB- I saw it in a theater , 3 times ! -RRB- I want to return and see it again . Beautiful , beautiful.Liv and all involved , thank you for doing this movie ... When is the sequel ????
 If you watch this film for nothing else , soak in the beauty of the setting.While I enjoy this film for both its plot and its artistic/aesthetic qualities , I have to admit that it is at its most stunning best when it comes to its cinematography . what a gorgeous backdrop for a virgin coming-of-age story ! the plot may be a bit tired , and the characters too well known , but the twists that are supplied are enough to make it engaging . Liv Tyler is , of course , gorgeous and mesmorizing . The Italian and British actors that flank her almost eclipse her , but as her debut film , she does truly shine.There are several scenes that are physically intriguing , but I most enjoyed the entire `` party '' sequence ... . some odd , yet stunning filming.Let 's face it , everyone in this film is beautiful to look at -LRB- even Jeremy Irons as a dying man -RRB- . You begin to lose interest in Lucy 's -LRB- Tyler -RRB- quest at some point , but once the answer is revealed it is still somewhat satisfying.I can highly reccommend this film to anyone that is into gorgeous scenery , lovely and easy story lines , and has and eye for the pleasing aesthetic so many films lack these days . Nothing earth-moving ... but a VERY pleasant movie experience !
 `` Stealing Beauty '' is a beautiful film , with beautiful people and beautiful , lush settings . The film is directed by Bernardo Bertolucci , the Italian director behind films like `` Last Tango in Paris '' and `` The Dreamers . '' This film is probably one of his most overlooked . I wanted to get it because I think Liv Tyler is gorgeous and she looks even more beautiful than usual in this film ... The movie , judging by reviews I 've seen on Netflix , does n't have a lot of people who like it . One person even remarked that you 'd be better off getting a travel video , but this is actually a pretty good film . Tyler plays a virginal 19-year-old girl named Lucy Harmon , whose mother -LRB- a poet -RRB- has recently passed away and whose father has sent her back to the Tuscan villa inhabited by artists that her mother used to be friends with . The people that own the place are Diane -LRB- Sinead Cusack -RRB- and Ian -LRB- Donal McCann -RRB- , a sculptor whose sculptures line the yard . Other people are there as well , including Miranda -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- and her boyfriend Richard -LRB- D.W. Moffett -RRB- ... Also there is Alex -LRB- Jeremy Irons -RRB- , a writer who takes a liking to Lucy . Lucy spends her day writing poetry -LRB- that she quickly burns -RRB- and looking for insight into her past . She believes that her father is not really HER father and is trying to figure out who is . A lot of people who see this movie will only be seeing it to watch Tyler disrobe ... Which she does , but it 's not in enough to abundance to be the only reason you see this movie . Even though I liked it , I found myself wondering what was the point ? The point of a movie like `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' is to horrify . The point of `` Pulp Fiction '' is to entertain and electrify . But what is the point of Stealing Beauty ? The plot can be summed up in a few words and the movie plays like quiet jazz music . Maybe the ` beauty ' in the title sums up this film . It focuses on beauty , but not just exterior beauty . The movie has a lot of beautiful people likeLiv Tyler and Rachel Weisz , but then there 's the Jeremy Irons character . He 's sick , almost bald , and is always pale but likes to admire the beauty around him . A lot of the characters are into art ; Lucy does poetry , Ian sculpts , Richard acts , and Alex writes ... `` Stealing Beauty '' is not so much about plot as it is about atmosphere and feeling . The way you might like a gray , rainy day because of how you feel not what the day looks like . Another film that plays like this could become dull , but `` Stealing Beauty '' -LRB- for me -RRB- was never dull ... That could be attributed to the spectacular performances , which are all low-key . Tyler is perfectly cast ; she looks so innocent and vulnerable in the film . Irons gives one of his best performances . The man can do more with a whisper than most actors can with a flamboyant speech . It 's not perfect , but it is a good film that 's easy to enjoy . Just kick back , enjoy the scenery , and bask in the beauty of it.GRADE
 In this 1996 film , Liv Tyler makes her stunning debut . Set to a soundtrack that is a good mix of quintessentially ' 90 's music -LRB- a la Portishead and Liz Phair -RRB- and retro classics -LRB- like `` My Baby Just Cares For Me '' and `` I 'll Be Seeing You , '' -RRB- , this film takes both Liv 's character , Lucy , as well as the viewer , on a journey into mystery and enchantment . Lucy embarks on her journey to Italy after the death of her mother , a famous poet and artist . She travels there in search of greater knowledge about her mother , who spent a brief few weeks there one summer . But what Lucy really uncovers in Tuscany are the answers to secrets in her past . And , as the film goes on , she discovers more and more about herself , and the woman she is to become . This film is a great , slowly paced meditation on sex , love , art and self-awareness . When Lucy finds out that she was `` conceived '' in the olive groves of the artists ' villa there , her curiosity deepens and the search for her birth father becomes one of the main goals in her journey . Faced with the loss of a future with her mother , Lucy is looking towards the past for information about those she loves , for knowledge about herself and where she came from , and for hints about where this might lead her as she takes on the life of an adult.The film begins with shots of Lucy sleeping on the train on her way to Tuscany . There is even one devilish strategic close-up shot of her jeans which is perhaps explained later in the film when it is revealed in a comical exchange between Lucy and Jeremy Irons ' character that the beautiful 19 year old Lucy is a virgin . Unbeknownst to Lucy , she was being taped on her journey by a fellow passenger on the train . But he gives her `` beauty '' back to her in the form of the videotape . Her fate is still in her hands . From there , the film follows several slow , melodic plot lines , one of which is the attempt to find the perfect first sexual partner for the young and much-loved Lucy.Liv plays a perfect beauty here . She is innocent , touching , bright , curious , and passionate , and as the film goes on , she takes a cue from the artists at the villa and becomes and more free in her expression , more comfortable in her own skin . But she is also careful . She wants her passion to be shared with someone worthy of it , someone who gives as well as takes . It takes a while for her to find out who that perfect catch is , but as in life , the story is what happens while she is waiting for the `` pay-off . `` Her curious habit of striking a match to each finished poem and burning it up seems to say that she is not yet confident in her artistic abilities , that she wants to keep some things sacred , private . She is cautiously awaiting sharing herself on a deeper level with those whom she grows to love.Jeremy Irons ' character , a man struck by illness in the most beautiful of places , is a nice offset to the virginal beauty of Tyler . Together , they bring the film full circle from youth and glowing health to the natural course of death and dying . The attention they pay to one another is mutual . Lucy in this way is wise as well as youthful.The countryside in this film is magical . The vineyards of Tuscany , with the glowing sun above , are lovingly captured by Bertolucci . The film is as much an ode to youth and innocence , and the inevitable loss of it -LRB- which I think Bertolucci is saying can also be beautiful -RRB- as it is to the Italian countryside.Others in the film who have gone on to receive wide acclaim and appear in such movies as Shakespeare in Love , Elizabeth , Swept From the Sea , and The Mummy are the two British actors Joseph Fiennes and Rachael Weisz .
 I saw this movie in the theater when it was released back in 1995 , and it has stayed one of my favorites ever since . Yes , to some it may be a bit of a chick flick ... but it is beautiful , sexy , and somehow completely sucks you into the characters world . You wont want it to end .
 I first saw this movie several years ago , and fell in love with it . The story is nice and entertaining , but it 's the setting that truly captivates . A young Liv Tyler stars in this movie , and she goes to visit friends of her late mother in Italy . They have a villa in the countryside , housing an amusing mix of eccentric people living the life . Tyler is there supposedly to have her portrait done , though she also has the hidden motive of discovering the identity of a man in one of her mothers poems whom she believes may be her true father . She also seeks love , and it is a fun tale saturated with a heady golden sunlight , flecked with terra cotta sculptures as much a part of the house and land as the residents . I 've watched it many , many times since then , and the effect is never lessened . I highly recommend it .
 While there is very little in the way of a plot , the surroundings and setting are so beautiful that I hardly minded at all . With all the easy music and interesting characters this will be probably be one of your favorites as it is mine .
 Asertive statement pronounced by Guillaume -LRB- Jean Marais , the unforgettable Jean Cocteau Orpheus -RRB- just in the minute 75 of the film.Since a nineteen years old , the lovely and ultra beautiful Liv Tyler decides to visit Tuscana , she will experiment the gradual transformation from her ancient crysallis to become in a real mature woman through those impresive months . She will exchange important encounters with a true caleidoscope of human beings . The art remains and even matchs with the sumptuous landscapes as the huge frame in which the seduction , the pleasure of the good food , the art , the ancient memories in search her dark mother past and her early childhood will lead her to a real grow up process . All the cast is exceptional , but the specia & ntilde ; touching acting of Jeremy Irons one of the major actors all over the world plus the admirable directorial work of Bertolucci and his overwhelming employement use of the lenses will astonish you from the start shot of the picture . So considering the sum of all those merits I would say it is imposibble to pretend ignore and least to avoid to fall in love with this supreme artwork.To my mind one of the best twelve films of 1996 .
 The plot revolves around Liv Tyler 's search for her dead mother 's secret love and her desire to loose her virginity . Beautiful scenery through out , excellent nude clips of a young Liv Tyler and also Rachel Weisz .
 this is one of those rare movies that lives right at the edge of pretension and overambition but 100 % nails it.where to start ? the performances are great . thus far , this is the only strong performance i 've seen from Liv Tyler . I hope she can recreate this . Jeremy Iron weaves gold as always . Many of the other actors deliver powerful , rich performances.the writing , ideas & dialogue are also intricate , entertaining and thought-provoking . visually , as one would expect , the movie is stunning and being filmed in italy does n't hurt!lastly , the soundtrack is hip and fits perfectly.If only there were more like this !!
 I enjoyed watching this DVD . It 's for mature audiences , but did not lose the story line .
 I love this movie . The scenery around Tuscany is so beautiful to be almost magical . It compares to Capt Correl Mand in its cinematography . -LRB- liv easier on the eye than Penelope -RRB- . The story is typical Mediterranean in that its slow paced with the characters and surroundings taking centre stage rather than purely event driven .
 what more is ther to say ?
 Poverty Row Pictures presents `` HEADIN ' NORTH '' -LRB- 1 November 1930 -RRB- -LRB- 59 mins/B & W ;-RRB- -LRB- Fully Restored/Dolby Digitally Remastered -RRB- -- Bob Steele was an American actor -- He was born Robert Adrian Bradbury in 1907 in Portland , Oregon , into a vaudeville family -- Bob 's career began to take off for good in 1927 , when he was hired by production company Film Booking Offices of America -LRB- FBO -RRB- to star in a series of Westerns . Bob -- who was rechristened Bob Steele at FBO -- soon made a name for himself , and in the late 1920s , 1930s and 1940s starred in B-Westerns for almost every minor film studio , including Monogram , Supreme , Tiffany , Syndicate , Republic -LRB- including several films of the Three Mesquiteers series -RRB- and Producers Releasing Corporation -LRB- PRC -RRB- -LRB- including the initial films of their `` Billy the Kid '' series -RRB- In the late 1940s and early 1950s , that `` new medium '' television had many hours to fill and few dollars to fill them -- They re-discovered the B-Western , still a popular mainstay of Saturday afternoon matinees and many cowboy stars thrilled a new audience -- Taking advantage of this rebirth in popularity , publishers brought to the marketplace comic books featuring these western heroes of `` Bob Steele '' Westerns -- These bimonthly issues were copyrighted in February and April of 1950 by Fawcet Publications -- His career which included nearly 200 feature films , serials and TV appearances -- Steele in his twilight years at the age 59 when he got the part of the cantankerous `` Trooper Duffy '' , in the western comedy series `` F Troop '' -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , who at the drop of a hat would give his rendition of fighting `` shoulder to shoulder with Davy Crockett at the Alamo '' -- Steele retired from the screen in 1973 -- Bob 's long career , spanning more than 50 years came to an end in 1988 when he passed away.Under the production staff of : J.P. McCarthy - Director / ScreenwriterTrem Carr - ProducerLouis Clyde Stoumen - CinematographerArchie J. Stout - CinematographerFred Allen - EditorOur story line and plot , Having helped his father escape the law , Jim Curtis -LRB- Bob Steele -RRB- heads north with the Marshal chasing him -- He and his pal Snicker Kimball -LRB- Perry Murdock -RRB- elude the Marshall -LRB- Fred Burns -RRB- by changing clothes with two actors -- Now forced to do vaudeville skits , Jim finds the man responsible for his and his father 's problem working in the same saloon -- Bob Steele packs a wicked punch in his newest picture -- A whiz of a Western -- filled with fists -- gripping with gunplay -- bloody with battles ! -- A grueling fistfight -- a fast friendship -- a stirring search -- clever disguise -- trickery -- a sweetheart 's help -- all to get his man ! -- Bob Steele 's latest roaring ripper of the West ! -- climactic fistfight with the villain.the cast includes : Bob Steele ... Jim CurtisBarbara Luddy ... Mary JacksonPerry Murdock ... ` Snicker ' KimballWalter Shumway ... Arnold / StantonEddie Dunn ... Palace Master of CeremoniesFred Burns ... U. S. Marshal HarrisonGordon De Main ... Foreman RedHarry Allen ... 1st Smith -LRB- of Smith & Smith -RRB- J. Gunnis Davis ... 2nd Smith -LRB- of Smith & Smith -RRB- -LRB- as Gunnis Davis -RRB- S.S. Simon ... Palace OwnerJim Welch ... Old Actor -LRB- as Jim Welsh -RRB- Jack Henderson ... DrunkEmilio Fern&aacute;ndez ... Mexican GamblerN.E . Hendrix ... Short CowhandAlfred Hewston ... Station AgentJohnny Luther ... Cowhand MusicianBlackie Whiteford ... Bill , the Saloon BouncerBill Wolfe ... Toothless BarflySPECIAL FEATURES : BIO :1 . Bob Steele -LRB- aka
 ... and the laughs , which are unrelenting and expertly delivered by the remarkable Patricia Routledge in this 5 star brit-com classic.A pitch-perfect cast surrounds Routledge as her character , Hyacinth Bucket -- er BOUQET , rather -- continually pushes her long-suffering husband Richard -LRB- Clive Swift -RRB- into one mad-capped attempt at upper-class mobility after another.Thanks to PRIME for both carrying it , and for allowing me the honor of giving KUA 's hallmark episode its first review .
 KUA is a classic ! It will have you smiling and laughing in good clean humor . You will love all of them , and watch them over and over again . Everyone knows someone like Hyacinth . Her attics are so fun to watch !!! Watch all seasons and you will be hooked .
 I love Keeping up Appearances , My father introduced it to me . Now me and all of my friend love to watch this . Its odd when I turn around and half my floor is standing behind me watching . If you want to laugh then this is for you .
 My sister recommended Keeping up appearances to me , so I watched one of the shows on TV . I was n't real impressed , appearantly I caught one of less funny shows . When my sister suggested it again , I decided to try it online and start from the beginning of the series . Let me tell you I am so glad I did . I absolutly love the series . There are a few that are not all that but for the most part it is great .
 This is the funniest episode of the series . The Bucket 's must attend their nieces child 's Christening . Only one problem , nobody knows who the father is . Sister Violet and husband make a rare appearance .
 Keeping Up Appearances is one of my favorite British TV shows -- I watch it regularly . The people look `` normal '' -- not Hollywood perfect . There is depth to both the humor and the characters . I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys vintage British comedies .
 As far as my Kindle goes , This is one of the best shows they offer . The characters are amazing actors . The writers did a wonderful job .
 The most hilarious show on TV and they do it without sex or cuss words . Its too bad they quit due to just old age I guess .
 I love this show ! I recall watching it in my teens and thought it funny then ... now in my adulthood it is hilarious ! Thanks for making it available .
 Nothing better than a little Hyacinth at the end of a long day ! One of my favorite shows could watch over and over again .
 I was skeptical , to say the least , to waste my time on silliness . But this grabbed me from episode one and I could not get enough . I watched the episodes over and over . You can relate to the characters and situations b/c they truly happen , and you most probably know people who are `` keeping up with Jones ' . '' Hyacinth is trying to Keep Up Appearances but she has her sister to worry about who does not understand Hyacinths need for acceptance in the community . Give it a shot ... I 'm pretty hard to please and I loved this .
 Keeping Up Appearances Episode # 1.4 This episode to me was extra funny . When you watch and see what Hyacinth goes through to keep up appearances .
 Keeping Up Appearances Episode # 1.6 I Love this show . Always funny ! I look forward to watching more . Going on to season # 2
 Keeping Up Appearances Episode # 1.1 Give this show a chance and check it out . BBC is great . They have some of the best shows . This show is very funny ! As you continue to watch these shows you get to know the characters and it just gets funnier and funnier !
 Keeping Up Appearances Episode # 1.5 In this episode you get to see a very young Jonny Lee Miller ! He has a small part in this one , but he is really cute . This show is very funny .
 My families favorite show to watch when the kids were still very young . Now that the two youngest are the only ones left at home I always wanted them to experience the lady of the house . She reminds me of my aunt , she was always into keeping up appearances . I think there is one in every family regardless of race or nationality .
 Once again , Hyacynth is torn between seeking upward mobility and family crisis . Seems Dad has ruffled nickers with an old woman who `` had witnesses '' and proposed marriage . Hyacynth to the rescue , or fullfill her obligation at the Charity Shop with a concilmans ' wife . Will she pull it off , or loose control ? Be prepared to laugh .
 If you like British humor -LRB- I do ! -RRB- you will love this . Very funny , not too campy and I just love the sisters interaction . The plot lines are hysterical .
 Hilarious , oblivious British sitcom about a woman whose only life goal is to &#34; look proper and above the peasants &#34; ... , she ca n't miss a moment of trying to impress or recover from her relatives lack of &#34; position &#34; in British Society , all the while dragging her poor husband and neighbor into her service ...
 Episodes that still make you laugh , more than 20 years after they first aired . Like seeing an great , old friend !
 Poor husband ... it 's funny because there are people in our lives just like all the characters in these shows . Good old BBC !
 This is the lady you LOVE to HATE !! If you like this series , you 'll also very much love : Absolutely Fabulous , Fawlty Towers , Are You Being Served -LRB- CLASSIC !!! -RRB- other good ones that arent so much slapstick humor like KUA but are excellent Brit Coms : Upstairs Downstairs -LRB- very addictive ! -RRB- and Downton Abbey -LRB- also very addictive -RRB- . Another great one is The Forsythe Saga . This one 's much more serious but is very addictive once you see the first episode . Keep with it if you get bored at first . Great actors in this one .
 probably already knows about KUA . If you do n't , where have you been ? It is silly and endearing and Hyacinth is still as entertaining today as she was when the series was new . Love , love , love ALL the characters and the &#34; I love Lucy-ish &#34; escapades of the irrepressible Mrs. Bucket ... er ... I mean , Mrs. Bouquet !
 Keeping Up Appearances is a most see for anyone the least bit amused by British comedies . The creator and writer , Roy Clark , also wrote Last of the Summer Wine which is the longest running sitcom in the world . Patricia Routledge is amazing in the role of Hyacinth Bucket -LRB- pronounced Bouquet -RRB- as she tries to climb her way up the social ladder with her &#34; Candlelight Suppers &#34; and &#34; Riverside Picnics with Riparian Entertainments &#34; . But , alas there is an albatross around her neck named Onslow , Daisy and Rose . We wo n't even talk about Daddy ! Hilarious describes each and every episode . This is a must-have collection !
 If you like Britcoms , and want a show to fill in the odd half hour , these work . I watch the whole season every few years . Onslow and Daisy are the most entertaining and endearing of the characters , but Richard is also wonderful , well , it is hard to choose . Whereas , Hyacinth is the buffoonish character you love to hate !
 It is a great British show with lots of understandable humor . This is the British version of &#34; Mama 's Family &#34; . The internet streaming was great , as well .
 This British TV show is hilarious ! A great quick break in your day to add some fun into your life !
 I 'm not sure that strictly speaking this movie is classifiable as a peplum . Peplum films are often characterized as Italian action movies that take place in ancient times and star Hercules , a Son of Hercules or one of many Hercu-surrogates . Feisty midgets sidekicks are not uncommon and there is usually at least one veil dance . The leading man in this film , while definitely a hero , is of non-Herculean stature . The movie also seems to take place in Medieval Middle East . However the movie does bear many similarities to the classic peplum including
 This is one fine piece of work . A documentary telling the story about an indy film that was made ... but never released . The documentary itself is excellent , and by the quick glimpses we get of several clips from the actual lost film , that actual film , itself , looks quite powerful . `` Shelved '' is a grabber all the way through , and the payoff ... at the end ... whoa !!
 Out of interest of actors , I purchased and was not disappointed . What a wonderful entertaining story line , acting was subpurb and I purchased enough to share with family members and friends of all walks of life and all reported extremely great entertainment . If you ever get down about your life at work , you need to have this one on hand so you can put into perspective - what is it about your job that keeps you there ? Hopefully it 's more than just money . What a ride !
 Moola is in every way as good a film as Juno . Its funny , intelligent , heartfelt , and inspiring . The cast is spot on and the direction excellent . I highly recommend this film for everyone 's library .
 I saw `` Long , Long Ago '' on television when I was 7 and it has haunted me ever since.Even hearing the song brought back the terror of that less-than-half an hour TV offeringand if you enjoy `` old dark house '' dramas or just plain like having holy heck scared out of you , this will be right up your alley.Money well spent , say I !
 I was sucked in by all of the magnificent performances of this drama/tragedy . This film is slow but none of the scenes are wasted . All of the performances are outstanding but Sam Rockwell clearly surpassed the others as a man who found God after he tried to commit suicide . His gradual mental deterioration throughout the movie was heartbreaking and poignant to watch . I felt empathy for all the characters even though they are quite depressing and definitely are n't perfect people . See it for the realistic and contemplative character study and fabulous performances .
 This movie could have been plucked from the current headline news in any small town in America . However , the director and writers decided to take us behind the scenes of what leads up to these all too common tragedies . I was very surprised and impressed with Kate Beckinsale in this movie , I had only seen her in previous roles which did not prepare me for her very strong peformance . Sam Rockwell has done several roles playing unsavory characters ranging from child molester to sex addict . I mistakenly thought he was going to be different in this movie , a normal every day person for a change . Boy was I wrong ! This movie does a great job in showing the vivid contrast between a normal relationship and a dysfunctional relationship . This movie was done very gritty and realistic which makes it all the more disturbing at the final end . This movie will depress the hell out of you and make you feel hopeful at the same time . The scenes will linger in your mind for awhile . Not a movie to view before bedtime , it will give you some nightmares . I highly recommend it all the same .
 I REMEMBER SEEING A TRAILER FOR THIS MOVIE , AND WANTED TO SEE IT IN MY LOCAL THEATER BUT IT NEVER CAME , INSTEAD WE HAD SEVERAL SHOWINGS OF INFERIOR MORE COMMERCIAL CRAP , BUT THAT BEING SAID I BOUGHT THIS DVD NOT REALLY KNOWING WHAT TO EXPECT AND WHILE IT TOOK A WHILE TO DRAW ME IN , I WAS CAPTIVATED BY THE CHARACTERS AND THEIR INTERLOCKING PERSONAL LIVES WITH THEIR PERSONAL DEMONS , WHILE I DO N'T WANT TO MAKE THIS OUT TO BE A CHICK-FLICK , IT DOES HAVE ONE VERY SWEET TEEN-AGE ROMANCE , IT IS MAINLY A CAPTIVATING DRAMA BETWEEN ANNIE -LRB- KATE BECKINSALE -RRB- HER EX-HUSBAND GLENN -LRB- SAM ROCKWELL -RRB- WHO ARE COMPLICATED , FLAWED AND VERY COMPELLING CHARACTERS , OVER-ALL THIS IS A VERY WELL WRITTEN , EXTREMELY WELL ACTED MOVIE , I HIGHLY RECOMMENDED THIS MOVIE FOR ADULTS , I DO N'T THINK YOUNGER PEOPLE WHO HAVE N'T MADE PAINFUL MISTAKES IN THEIR PERSONEL LIVES YET WILL APPRECIATE IT AS MUCH AS I DID.RAZORBACK FAN
 This is one of the most pathetically sad and depressing dramas that I think I 've ever watched . It was like watching a slow train wreck . As the viewer I just wanted to reach out to these emotionally arrested characters , shake them , and yell -- stop it , ca n't you see you 're all self-destructing ! But , you ca n't shake inertia , apathy and depression away , can you . Left unchecked , at its worst , it can make one do terrible things . This is a movie that explores the mind 's descent into that Hell.The film takes place in a small Pennsylvania town , where mandatory Prozac in every household might have helped . In some ways the characters reminded me of the series/book Empire Falls . If you loved those characters , you will likely enjoy this movie too , but be prepared -- this movie is darker ... much darker and lacking the humor of EF.The film represents a lot of small town angst ; dead end jobs , lack of opportunity and everyone knows your business . Annie -LRB- Kate Beckinsale -RRB- married her high school sweetheart Glenn -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- . After several years together , they 've grown apart . Glenn 's ne'er do well behaviors , no doubt , added to the distance between them . He was having trouble keeping a job and hitting the bottle seemed his only coping strategy . She viewed him as irresponsible and herself hopelessly tied to a mundane existence , with no way out . She turns to another , who makes her feel wanted , but he 's even less worthy of her time . Glen strives to reconcile , but continues to do all the wrong things and Annie sets up even tighter boundaries , fueling Glenn 's rage and his depression , now verging on psychosis . The tie between them remains their small daughter . Annie supervises her visits with Glenn closely , feeling he 's too irresponsible to oversee her care . But , is Annie the most responsible parent?The peripheral characters in this movie are dealing with their own issues , while watching Annie and Glenn self destruct . The teenager , Arthur -LRB- Michael Angarano -RRB- , experiences some coming-of-age moments that are played out very well , as are his other family relational issues . It appears that these are the folks that have some growth from observing the towns ' favorite couple imploding with depression , in their midst . But , believe me ... the Golden Retriever seemed to be the only character in the movie that was consistently stable and he does n't remain without despair either.The acting in this movie was absolutely superb -- by ALL . Kate Beckinsale was at her best and Sam Rockwell was riveting . I 'm glad I watched this film just to see these performances . However , it left me profoundly sad and the little beacons of light that were revealed were n't enough to make up for the pain surrounding the major theme . I was yearning for some of these characters to find redemption . But , such is life -- I know.Do I recommend this movie ? Absolutely ! But , if you 're already feeling a little melancholy , it might not be the best time to dive into it .
 If you enjoy drama that does more than tear at the heartstrings -- the kind that virtually eviscerates you at the very core of your soul -- then you are in for an intensely emotional treat with 2007 's Snow Angels.Based on the eponymous novel by Stewart O'Nan , Snow Angels takes place in an unnamed northern state where , unsurprisingly , there is frozen precipitation aplenty . The protagonist is young Arthur Parkinson , played to clueless perfection by Michael Anganaro -LRB- whom I recognized as having played Elliott , Jack McFarland 's son , on Will & Grace -RRB- . Arthur is a high school student , a tuba player in the band , and an employee of his hometown 's Chinese restaurant , owned by Oskar , who is decidedly not Chinese -LRB- I think he is supposed to be German -RRB- . Arthur 's parents -LRB- Don , played by Griffin Dunne , and Louise , played by Jeanetta Arnette -RRB- are separating and his mother is an emotional whirlwind in the face of his professor father 's egress . At work , Arthur flirts harmlessly with Annie Marchand -LRB- Kate Beckinsale in the most poignant role of her career -RRB- , a waitress who spent many years babysitting young Arthur . Annie is estranged from her husband , Glenn -LRB- a blowout performance by Sam Rockwell -RRB- , who has recently attempted suicide in the face of his marital woes . They have one child , four-year-old Tara , both adeptly and adorably rendered by Gracie Hudson.New girl in school Lila Raybern takes an instant liking to Arthur ; the role is handled admirably by Olivia Thirlby , who played Juno 's best friend in the popular film of the same name . Lila , with her engaging chatter and delightfully retro cats ' - eye glasses , waits patiently for Arthur to realize she has a significant crush on him.A second couple , Nate and Barb Petite , find their lives hopelessly interlocked with those of Glenn and Annie . Barb , played by comedienne Amy Sedaris in an uncharacteristic dramatic role , is a fellow waitress at the Chinese eatery ; Nate -LRB- played by Nicky Katt -RRB- is conducting an adulterous affair with Annie . Meanwhile , Glenn has become a rabidly born-again Christian and is busily attempting to rebuild his life by finding employment while living with his parents and aged grandfather -LRB- and let 's not forget the dog , Bomber -RRB- . Suspicions fly and secrets are revealed in the ugliest possible scenarios , all of which find climax when an unthinkable tragedy befalls one of the cast and , as a result , several of the characters become lost completely.I will advise that this movie is incredibly dark and extremely depressing , so be forewarned . Beckinsale and Rockwell , however , deliver stellar performances , and while the film may not be all sweetness and light , I would still highly recommend going out and visiting with these Snow Angels .
 This is a well-done movie with an excellent cast . Set in a small town in the winter , the plot involves multiple tortured souls . Do not see it if you are in a down mood or need a refill on your anti-depressants . I would be hard-pressed to call it `` entertainment '' but not everything that you see is going to amuse . A good movie !!
 `` Snow Angels ' is one of the most depressing movies I 've ever watched , yet it is also a well-acted , searing human drama that explores the complexities of human relationships and the darkness within some souls.The story begins in winter in a small town in Pennsylvania , with members of a high school marching band rehearsing on a football field . Suddenly , two shots pierce the air and we are taken via flashback to a few weeks prior where the drama unfolds.Annie -LSB- Kate Beckinsale -RSB- is a single mom and waitress who is separated from her loser husband , Glenn -LSB- Sam Rockwell -RSB- and they have a little girl named Tara who lives with Annie . Glenn is desperate to get back with Annie -LSB- going so far as to try suicide when Annie dumps him -RSB- and is basically a very unstable person . To complicate matters , Annie is sleeping with her best friend Barb 's -LSB- Amy Sedaris -RSB- husband -LSB- Nicky Katt -RSB- a philanderer and jerk.Then there is teenager Arthur -LSB- Michael Angarano -RSB- who harbored a childhood infatuation for Annie -LSB- his ex-babysitter -RSB- and whose own life is beset by family problems - his parents -LSB- Jeanetta Arnett & Grifin Dunne -RSB- decide to live apart due to dad 's adultery.However , amidst all this convoluted human suffering and relationship woes there is a spot of happiness - Arthur forms a close bond with a new girl in school , Lila -LSB- Olivia Thirlby from Juno and The Secret -RSB- and their blossoming relationship is a relief against an otherwise gloomy backdrop.The acting in this movie is above average - Kate Beckinsale flexes some serious acting chops here and her character really goes through some terrible upheavals . Sam Rockwell as the estranged husband Glenn is also worth mentioning as his character comes to personify a truly unhinged person driven to desperation.The movie is basically a long ride down a dark path of human misery with nothing to cheer about -LSB- except perhaps the two teens -RSB- , but it is a riveting drama that kind of sucks you in to the point you just feel you have to watch it to its inevitable conclusion . Final verdict - worth watching but one may want to follow this up with a more uplifting offering !
 SNOW ANGELS is a tough movie from a tough novel by Stewart O'Nan , an author who continues to explore the darker corners of everyday people 's lives without necessarily offering a path of redemption for the found flaws . Director David Gordon Green has adapted O'Nan 's fine book for the screen , made some odd choices in the narrative line , but manages to maintain the pervasive sad and almost hopeless atmosphere of a little Pennsylvania town in the winter that is besieged by events that bruise the lives of many people.Arthur -LRB- Michael Angarano , who continues to impress with superb acting -RRB- is a high school kid , working as a dishwasher in a Chinese restaurant where his ` dream girl ' -LRB- ex-babysitter -RRB- Annie -LRB- Kate Beckinsale -RRB- and Annie 's best friend Barb -LRB- Amy Sedaris -RRB- wait tables , filling his spare time playing trombone in the high school band , and enduring the crumbling marriage of his mother -LRB- Jeanette Arnette -RRB- and teacher father -LRB- Griffin Dunne -RRB- . Each of the characters we meet has baggage
 I do n't know why this movie recieved so many negative reviews . It was a dark and dreary movie but that 's what I liked about it . Life is like this sometimes . Sam Rockwell did a great job taking you down to his character 's level . The soundtrack was great as well , with Explosions In the Sky and Mono credited . For people that hate depressing endings like No Country For Old men and want there movies to have happy , fairytale endings then do n't watch this . I enjoyed the bleakness of it .
 Yes . 2007 's `` Snow Angels '' is easily one of the most potent and realistic dramas ever filmed.The story is about a handful of ordinary couples , young and older , in a NE hamlet at winter time -LRB- filmed in Nova Scotia -RRB- . Some criticize that the film is depressing but it 's inaccurate to say that the WHOLE movie is depressing . Nor does the film leave the viewer in a totally depressed state . There 's a lot of beauty and hope amidst the shadows and darkness ; and it left me pondering many things , including the numerous real-life people the characters remind me of . Certainly one storyline is tragic and depressing , but that 's not the whole focus of the story -LRB- altough it is the dominant focus -RRB- . The film is about romantic relationships in various stages and whether they 're successful or not depending upon their responses to the inevitable crises & temptations of life -LSB- no major spoilers -RSB- : - Arthur and Lila 's high school relationship is just budding and seems healthy and promising . - Glenn and Annie 's relationship has been devastated by Glenn 's alcoholism and anger/obsession issues ; Annie wants to move on but foolishly chooses to have an afair with the husband of a friend . She 's not only foolish , she 's also treacherous ! Glenn is truly trying to recover from his personal demons -- he even gets born-again -- but for some reason he has a hard time getting over his ex and moving foward with his life . His struggle between the positive and negative forces within us all is real . Both Sam Rockwell and Kate Beckinsale are outstanding in their roles , Rockwell particularly so . In fact , I 've never seen such a realistic and powerful performance . No kidding . The viewer sees his sincere desire to improve his life but foolish and selfish temptations manifest when he 's faced with rejection and tragedy . Will he take the wise or foolish path ? - Nate and Barb 's relationship hits its first major crisis
 I did n't know what to expect from this movie , but was surprised at how dark and real it was . This is real life , as scary as it is . It was also nice to see the other side of Kate Beckinsale , I 've always been a fan since Underworld , but this movie proves what a great actress she is , so convincing in her role . There is so much more to her than latex and vampires .
 This film is something of beauty , of terror , of love , of redemption , and false promises and disappointments . Sam Rockwell -LRB- Choke , Moon -RRB- plays Annie 's -LRB- Kate Beckinsale of Underworld awesomeness -RRB- estranged husband , trying , hopelessly , to get back with her . It 's inferred that Glenn -LRB- Rockwell -RRB- has just gotten out of either rehab or a mental hospital , I wont give away necessarily why he went there . He is still very much in love with Annie , and wants to be a good , full time father to their young daughter , which Annie is n't very comfortable with . The film has duel story lines , one with Glenn and Annie , and an intersecting one with Arthur and his first `` love '' Lila . Arthur is seventeen , in high school , and facing his parents seemingly inevitable divorce . The scenes with Arthur and Lila are really the heart , soul and hope of this film , where the sad , depressing , and haunting scenes with Glenn are the nightmare of the film . I have seen few other writer/directors who can fully encapsulate both sides of human nature as well as David Gordon Green -LRB- Who also makes great comedies , see Pineapple Express , director -RRB- . This one side , tragedy and absolute loss , juxtaposed with youthful love and hopefulness , that basically gets down to the bare elements of this film . At time terrifying , and at time life-affirming . The beautiful cinematography , and editing , the incredible acting by Sam Rockwell as the deeply disturbed and born again Christian fundamentalist , ranks up there with De Niro 's Travis Bickle , in terms of craziness , also the grand acting abilities of Kate Beckinsale , which we rarely get to see because of her type casting and oft critiqued films , here she shows her vulnerable , sad , inflicted and yet trying to hold on side , her strength and beauty still visible and her trying to hold herself , her daughter and her mother together , whilst dealing with Glenn . The film does end in tragedy , but also hope , hope that it 'll get better , and that perhaps like a phoenix from the ashes , we 'll rise from this tragedy better than before it . This really is an intense , beautiful , and heartbreaking film , one you can rarely still find in America . It 'll make you laugh , cry , angered , frustrated , and in the end , you wont know what to do , but sit and ponder all that you 've just seen .
 To me this is a film about young man Arthur 's coming of age . Arthur is a teenager , growing up in a small town . He is a single child , but not spoilt . He goes to school , plays the instrument in the school marching band and keeps his part time job in a chinese restaurant with no chinese employees - which is quite ironic.The adults around him have their own turmoils . Arthur 's parents are separating and his co-worker and former babysitter is experiencing her own hardships with her former husband and a current lover . As the lives of adults spin out of control , Arthur slowly falls in love with his artsy classmate.Without disclosing more , film shows a powerful pull love has on individuals . Arthur 's love redeems his loss of innocence , his parents ' love for each other pulls them back together again while his former babysitters ' first love leads to a tragedy.Kate Beckinsale is amazing in this film . She is so beautiful and yet able to show on screen that a beautiful face and great body are not ticket to an ever happy life of a woman . Michael Angarano plays young Arthur and for him I can say that he has a great acting future ahead of him .
 The film opens on a winter afternoon , with a high-school band practicing on a marching field . Gunshots shatter the tranquility of the township , and the scene fades to black . Subtitles inform us that we 've leapt back to `` several weeks earlier , '' to a period in which all of the adult relationships in this story are already broken . The central relationship and the source of the greatest tension is between Annie Marchand -LRB- Kate Beckinsale -RRB- and her estranged husband Glenn -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- . Annie is living in a perpetual state of responding to the needs of those around her , barely aware of herself as at an emotional brink . In a misdirected attempt to get a slice of life for herself , she 's having an unfulfilling affair with a married man . Her husband Glenn meanwhile refuses to accept the dissolution of his marriage , and skulks in her emotional shadow . He tells his daughter when he has visitations to remind mommy he 's changed . In the past he 'd been more demanding , so at this stage of the story he has a restraining order against him.Beckinsale nails it as a woman beleaguered in every direction . Rockwell delivers a compelling performance as a man with no place to turn but his idealized past with Annie . Hoping to amend himself , he takes up religion , but his crude faith is challenged beyond his wisdom by his sense of abject failure . Containing his desperation behind a rigid courtesy , he blandishes Annie with claims that he 's a new man , redoubling his efforts to reclaim his happiness , while desperation drags him deeper into frustration and despair , a downward spiral . Confused by her own kindness , she wishes to ease his suffering , but nevertheless understands on a less emotional level that it would be at the expense of her own happiness . Then a terrible tragedy strikes.This is great drama , with vivid performances by the entire cast . What makes it more compelling is the memory of those gunshots at the very beginning of the film . As the events unfold , the tension is ratcheted by our foreknowledge of a terrible ending . But for whom ? You think you know , but as the story develops it 's less certain , so you 're drawn in closer , making it doubly wrenching to watch decent people unravel . These are lives too burdened with the plain ritual of necessity , enduring too much disappointment , everyone squirming in diminishing hopes . If there 's a moral here , perhaps it 's that there are no happy endings ; only happy beginnings , as in the new love of the teenagers in the marching band . It 's a haunting story because the drama is realistic , a bleak landscape in the dead of winter . _________________________________________
 I just watched this movie last night and it impacted me greatly . As a new fan of Stewart O'Nan 's fiction , I was intrigued when I saw the film version of his book , Snow Angels . Although I have not read the book yet , I certainly do intend to after having watched the filmI ` lm really shocked at those who gave this movie 1 or 2 stars or the person who said it was one of the worse films he had ever seen - are we on the same planet ? First of all , others have given a good synopsis of the movie so I will not dwell too much on that . There are essentially three couples ' stories - that of Lila and Arthur , the teenagers in the throes of first love . Next , is the vignette of Arthur 's parents . His parents separate as is dad undergoes a midlife crisis , realizing finally that he misses his family and wants to return home . But the main story focuses on Glenn and Annie . Annie has left Gleen and taken daughter Tara . Glenn can not cope with the separation and had even attempted suicide . We learn that he is not the most stable person , is a drinker , and can not hold a job , yet Annie remembers when he made her laugh and made her see the best in everything . As Annie continually rebuffs his attempts at reconciliation , Glenn goes deeper and deeper into despair . A tragedy occurs and Glenn 's breakdown intensifies.The performance of Kate Beckinsale is fantastic - her best work yet and puts her in a new class , but Rockwell 's performance is absolutely riveting . The viewer feels his pain , his frustration ; his sense of loss is palpable . It is a performance you will not quickly forget . Granted , the movie is not light or fun and some will be depressed by the subject matter but this movie will have a profound effect on you .
 This is one of those polarizing movies , as you can tell by the wide range of reviews . The best advice appearing in several of them
 `` Snow Angels '' starts off as a fairly conventional , angst-ridden indie drama about life in an American small town , but the movie turns into a profoundly moving work after an unexpected tragedy strikes the community.Director David Gordon Green 's screenplay -LRB- co-written by Stewart O'Nan -RRB- focuses on two disintegrating marriages - one belonging to Annie and Glen Marchand , and the other to Louise and Arthur Parkinson - and the effect the breakups are having on the children and extended families . The people in both groups already seem profoundly unhappy with their lives , but when an unspeakable disaster occurs , things go from bad to worse for all concerned . `` Snow Angels '' features insightful writing , sensitive direction and a profound sense of place and season -LRB- it takes place in the deep , dark days of a Midwestern winter , though the film itself was shot in Nova Scotia -RRB- . It 's not an easy movie to watch at times - its emotions wrenching and its characters ' weaknesses all too human and recognizable - but excellent performances by Kate Beckinsale , Sam Rockwell , Michael Angarano , Jeanetta Arnette , Deborah Allen and Griffin Dunne , among others , make it worthwhile viewing .
 At first I thought , `` what a depressing waste '' - another movie where everyone is either miserable , hopeless , or both . I guess I wanted something lighter.Months passed and I still thought about some scenes in the film . Long after I forgot the title , I could n't shake the images and feelings.Now I look forward to watching it again . If anything I wish it had gone into more depth.Without spoiling anything , I think Rockwell 's character depicts that kind of desperate , joyless , religion - all form and no substance - that comes out of court-ordered conversions . It 's the form of Christianity and not the substance , not the change of heart and rebirth in the spirit that comes with true conversions . The way some people have to attend several AA meetings a week , have to fill the emptiness , as though it 's a chore.The film further illustrates the deep pain and dysfunction of a broken home . I thought Rockwell 's brief and awkward visits with his daughter were spot on . His parents , especially the mother , also nailed the heartache of having their grown son move in with them , straining to hope for the best in a bleak situation.I 'm not sure whether this is an endorsement or a warning .
 Great performances by Kate Beckinsale and Sam Rockwell . I think this movie went straight to DVD but is worth buying and watching . The transaction was smooth also . Thanks .
 I really did not know what to expect from this movie . I had heard about it and was told it was a must see by my friends . The acting is unbelievably good and the story is powerful . It was so good in fact , it was depressing . Definitely a must see , but it leaves one sad .
 Acting , script and direction are all among the most realistic I 've seen in many a recent movie . This is so real , it gets scary . Some moments of awful violence and death , but at least we do n't have to actually see it . Every character here is well drawn . There is not a false note anywhere . The sad yarn does have its uplifting moments , notably the young love between the two high schoolers . Most everyone else is a downer , but that does n't detract from the art here . Watch this , please .
 This is Dom DeLuise in a casual and wonderful setting . It 's full of laughs , songs , great conversation but is mostly real . You 'd never see something like this in an ordinary interview or guest appearance ... this not only gives great insight into Dom 's world but also some other fantastic talents in Hollywood . They are all legends !
 Stolen Goods is the newly colorized version of John Wayne 's classic film , Blue Steel . Presumably the production company feels like the added colorization is enough to consider the film a new title and they 're closer to the mark than you may think . You 'll be surprised at how much the color alters your perception of the film.A throwback to the days when movies were shot on location rather than in the computer rendering farms of today , Stolen Goods is a sumptuous visual feast , even moreso now that color has been added to the wilderness landscapes of Southern California . This is what Westerns are all about ! -LRB- and a little gunplay never hurt , either -RRB- . Those familiar with Wayne 's corpus -- you know , those of you who 've figured out what the `` married '' man ca n't find -- will appreciate seeing The Duke in perfect , vibrant color for the first time . This film is also notable for its cultivation of the relationship between Wayne and his perennial foil and sidekick , Gabby Hayes -LRB- the man responsible for the grizzled , old frontiersman stereotype ; you 'll know him when you see him -RRB- .
 The house the team investigated in this documentary is quite disturbing . The group caught apparitions , EVP 's , etc. . My wife and I were disturbed at the fact that they caught evidence of what sounded like a child in the house!The team should continue monitoring this house ... if they have n't already.I hope they put more out , I would like to see more from them .
 Regarding the above review
 I saw this film as part of a london film festival , in the hamstead cinema and thought it was fantastic!The film focuses on a wannabe actress who is completely talentless and her eccentric family who support her desperate quest for fame . The film really satirises the modern day obsession with fame and the many people who regularly try to ` make it ' as actors and performers in search of celebrity . The characters are well thought out and performed superbly giving the film a realism that adds comic effect.Overall a very funny film with some great plot twists , will definately watch again !
 I downloaded this film on a recommendation from a friend , and thought it was hilarious . The characters are spot on and the story so relevant to today 's society , where fame seems to be everyone 's goal . However the plot and characters are also done very cleverly , a laugh out loud satire I have recommended to friends now .
 This mockumentary is so funny , its a classic!Especially Steve Fursts performance as Adam Bloom , the story line builds to a very unexpected ending , its everything you want.Its a brilliant satirical comedy and with lots of great characters involved in a plot that keeps expanding , its one to keep on the shelf and watch over and over as there is so many details , its the sort of film that you really want your friends to see because its so funny , it reminds me of the good old days with the comic strip presents , but its modern and topical and a relevant parody of our celebrity culture , -LRB- amongst its many themes -RRB- and way more comical , its genius !!!!! Ricki Gervais eat your heart out !
 I saw this film at the Montreal Comedy Film festival a few years and thought it was so hilarious and completely original . The charcacters are so watchable and made me laugh from beginning to end . I would give this film a big thumbs up . A great satire on our modern obsession with fame .
 I am a big indie film buff . No big on making comments on movies I rent , but I thought I would give this one a shot ! This is one that I felt was worth the money , although being skeptical at first . I am so pleased that I purchased this . It has its funny points , it campy points , and serious points . Well worth watching !
 I give it 5 for originalty and a 4 for entertainment value . Great role by Michael Madsen as a mafia-like vampires who plays the lead character 's `` Sponsor . '' There are titles cards that introduce the `` 12 Steps '' of being in Vampires Anonymous -- very funny .
 I thought , judging by the title , that this movie was going to be lame . But , I am a sucker for vampire movies -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- so I watched it and was pleasantly suprised by the quality . The satire of the infamous `` 12 step program '' is an absolute riot . `` Apologize to those you 've maimed , killed , or debaucherized . '' HA ! Anyone who enjoys a humorous story with a few major quirks should really check this one out . Michael Madsen is great as a vampire trying to kick his human blood addiction by preying on local livestock instead . Several sheep jokes later -LRB- `` Beware of the sheep shagger '' -RRB- he falls in love with a local girl . But when he `` falls off the wagon '' a professional vamp slayer comes looking for him . Good stuff !
 As a diehard Michael Madsen fan , I 'm always looking for Michael 's latest and when I stumbled on this title , I did a double-take . Madsen in a vampire comedy?Don ' t expect Nosferatu but this movie is a solid hour and a half entertainment . Overall , the movie is oddball and funny but the real news is Madsen is hilarious playing a character unlike his typical gangster/cop roles . You have to get this movie just to see him in zebra pajamas mugging in a bathroom.Anyway , the movie is cute and charming on its own -- the lead dude who plays the main vampire is excellent -- and I would recommend for this reason alone . But Madsen 's role here is what gets the movie an easy 4 stars from me . Wonder why Madsen does n't mention this movie on this website -- he is a total riot in it .
 When I first saw this movie it was on HBO , I liked it so much I just had to own it . I was n't able to find it at walmart , target , best buy . This is one of the funniest vampires movies I have seen . I recommend it to anyone . And the movie was brand new , no scratches at all .
 OK , you are sick of accidentally killing the girl you are in love with , and you commit to Vampires anonymous . Now what ? Just watch and see . No laugh out louds , but a lot of fun to watch .
 I enjoyed this movie . It had all the elements of a good vampire movie with an unusual twist . Buy it to watch more than once .
 If you want the history of the country of Colombia during the 1980s during the hey day of the cocaine wars this is the movie to watch . He is either a demon or an angel and turned the lives of millions of people around either good or bad .
 Excellent and remarcable , based on true facts ! Very accurate accurate and informational ! Showed both sides of the pioneer and smartest Cocaine Lord of the twentieth century !!
 Yes , I have heard that `` American Outlaws '' is n't always historically accurate ! But you know what ? Who cares ? It 's a terrific movie , that takes you on a wild and hilarious ride with Jesse James and his gang . All the actors are well-cast and did a great job portraying their characters , although - in my mind - Colin Farrell -LRB- the next big thing ! -RRB- and Ali Larter -LRB- Hollywood 's most underrated actress -RRB- do stand out among the others ! If you are looking for a history lesson - go to the library . But if you are looking for a fun movie with lots of action , a great cast , good script , a bit of romance , and some truly unforgettable moments , then do n't miss out on `` American Outlaws '' !!! It 's become one of my all-time favorite movies ! Plus , the DVD has really great bonus features ... trailers , tv spots , photo galleries , DVD Rom features , and 4 great featurettes - check out `` How to be an Outlaw '' for some nice shots of the guys in cowboy camp ... showing off their muscles during what would later be know as the hottest summer in Texas ' history : o -RRB-
 Wow what a great movie !!!!! This movie is jammed with cowboy action that just gets better and better ! When you watch it you will be introduced to Jessie and his mom and Bob which Jessie learned how to shoot from . They 're are more characters who show up along the way . They 're constenly having problems with thier enemy putting up wanted signs and hanging farmers that are just plane innocent . They have a huge problem with them sneeking up on them every second and attacking . The one thing they do n't do is run away , even if thier in the middle of robbing a bank or store they will countinue what their doing and fight back at the same time . It kind of makes them look like the enemy when they go up to banks and try to rob them , But thier still the good guys in the movie . I think this movie deserves 5 stars ! This is a great movie for all ages . Families that love western movies will defiantly enjoy this !!!!
 American Outlaws , one of the first Westerns of the new millennium , is an adaptation of the life of legendary 1800s outlaw bank robber Jesse James and his band of men , the James-Yonger Gang.It 's the story of `` tradition vs. progress . '' Following the Civil War , James and friends returned home to the farm where the `` big bad '' railroad was trying to expand west by buying out all the farmland from the people in its path . The people of James ' town did not want to go quietly so a huge war begins between the farmers -LRB- with James and friends as their warriors -RRB- and the railroad tycoon when the railroad `` goons '' begin to rough up the townsfolk.Overall , though there are a few historical inaccuracies , the movie is a fun action romp -LRB- tons of humor -RRB- through the old west with cowboys , LOTS of gun battles , stage coach robberies , train robberies , saloons , horses and lovely southern belles.Highlights : - TONS of shoot outs/gun battles -LRB- on trains , banks , battlefields , etc -RRB- - Daring escapes - Hilarity with wanted postersOverall , this was a great movie to catch , harkening back to the days of the good old Westerns . The action was solid and the humor was `` just right . '' This was a solid way to spend an evening -LRB- or afternoon -RRB- . Recommended
 This movie is such an awesome movie , however you need to watch it with people who are willing to actually `` listen '' to it . The humor is hilarious but its sarcastic under the breath humor so if your not listening for it you wo n't hear it.I thought this movie was great . Especially for the ladies , these cowboys are mighty fine ! And this movie came out before Collin Ferrel 's bad boy roles he plays in videos now.Excellent anytime movie ! 2 thumbs up !
 I usually do n't go for western movies but the ACTORS/ACTRESSES were SO good . The Jessee James story was told way better than I ever heard ! It is an exciting movie , susspenseful . Has a great ending too , which I was n't expecting ! Oh and ladies ... COLIN FARRELL will make you `` melt '' !!! He 's so incredibly HOTT & talented !!! ;-RRB- BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!! You wo n't regret it . Guys will like it too . It 's a cool movie ! : -RRB-
 Ok , if you want something historically accurate this film is not for you . But its not supposed to be accurate ; its supposed to entertain , and boy , it does just that!Right from the starting scene in a civil war battlefield and on to the end , the thrills never stop . It 'll have you sitting on the edge of your chair or jumping up and down in excitement all the way through!Farrell is an excellant Jesse -LRB- and very handsome too ! -RRB- , set off well by Scott Caan 's equally brilliant Cole Younger . When Frank and Jesse James Return to Liberty , Missouri after the civil war , they find things greatly changed . The railroad is heading West and it needs their land . Jesse and Frank refuse to sell and create a spread of rebellion throughout their village . After seeing their Ma brutally murdered by the railroad men , the James brothers join forces with the Youngers and begin careers as outlaws in order to stop the railroad 's advance.The film does have a slightly romantic edge in the form of Zie , Jesse 's beautiful fiancee -LRB- Ali Larter -RRB- . American Outlaws is equal to Pirates of the Caribbean for excitement , yet being shorter it does n't even drag in the slightest . Infact , its only fault has to be that it lacks a Jack Sparrow , but with Bob Younger 's wisecracks you scarcely notice it.If , like me , you lost your heart to the West long ago you 'd be a fool to miss this film . Even if you ai n't lost your heart to nobody , you 'd still be a fool.So cowboys , saddle up ; Let 's Ride !!
 The ghost of John Newman Edwards must have had a hand in writing the script . The movie is pure legend , with not a shred of history allowed to intrude . I liked it . It worked because they did n't try to play it too seriously . This was the flaw in the Rob Lowe/Bill Paxton movie `` Frank and Jesse '' -- they tried to make us take their hopeless mangling of history seriously . `` American Outlaws '' played it for fun , adventure , and legend . It covers only a single year time span during which time they seem to have robbed every bank in Missouri . Busy boys . The gang was also a sensitive , nurturing gang to the lesser-known members -LRB- funny scene -RRB- . I ca n't possibly list all the diversions from actual history they made as they barely ever drifted even close to reality . Cole Younger would have hated the movie -- they had him portrayed as the dumb guy . Frank was the smart one , and Jesse , of course , was the cute , dangerous one . The Irish guy who played Jesse did a good job . He did n't sound like he was trying to overcome an Irish accent , did a good , flat American , but he did n't really sound like anyone from Missouri either . He almost miraculously managed to always have that ever-so-manly two-day growth of beard ala Miami Vice.The setting was the film 's biggest weakness -- it looked much more like California than Missouri . Way too brown and dry , wrong kinds of trees . The town of Liberty looked like a generic Hollywood western town set , not at all right.So , I recommend `` American Outlaws '' as a fun action movie , _ not _ as history . They did use the perils to returning Rebels pretty well at first but soon lost that to the whole purely fictional railroad plotline . Do n't expect anything like `` Ride With the Devil '' out of this -LRB- though there is a nifty battle scene at the beginning -RRB- .
 American Outlaws is set in Missouri just after the Civil War . The railroad is constructing a track that will run west and go right through the town of Liberty , Missouri . The railroad company offers to buy each farmer 's land otherwise they will just take it in the name of progress -LRB- imminent domain -RRB- . Well , the railroad company picked the wrong town to go through and ran into Jesse James and company.The cast is great and it includes Colin Farrell in one of his earliest roles -RRB- and also has two other recently known stars Ali Larter -LRB- Niki Sanders in Heroes -RRB- and Terry O'Quinn -LRB- John Locke in Lost -RRB- . I can not attest to the movies accuracy of the story of Jesse James or the accuracy of the imitation of the post-Civil War era , but I can say that this movie is a blast to watch . It contains shootouts from beginning to end in all sorts of different settings -LRB- open fields , banks , main street , train -RRB- . There are escapes/rescues in multiple places , plenty of humor mixed in and even a slight love story to round it off.The movie itself is shot great and never gets hung up on any story line for too long in my opinion and it seemed to have just the right amount of running time so that you do n't get tired of watching it.If there is a flaw with the movie I would say that it is focusing on the gun blazing battles too much -LRB- although I personally did n't mind -RRB- . I also highly suspect some historical inaccuracies although my knowledge of the James-Younger gang is limited so I can not say for sure.Overall , I am not much of a western movie lover but I loved this movie and recommend it for all . In my own situation my wife and I watched it with some friends of ours and every single one of us enjoyed the movie and rarely does that happen .
 American Outlaws may not be the greatest movie ever , but it sure beats most of what Hollywood is putting out today . With up and coming stars and a storyline that keeps you watching , you ca n't help but wonder what will happen next . If the actors seem a bit young , there could be good reason for it . The James/Younger gang was young . I love a good Eastwood western as much as anyone , but he is getting too old for those kind of movies . All in all , this is one of the best westerns in a VERY long time . I highly recomend it .
 This movie has it all , it is funny , has a ton of action , and a great watch for the whole family !
 Being from Missouri and all Jesse James is big to me . This is great western about him and his brother . If you like westerns based on true stories you will enjoy this . It 's a bit flashy but not too flashy .
 American OutlawsEvery thing was great ! I would recomend this product to all of my family and friends co-workers too .
 This was a pretty decent movie . I am not big on movies , but my boys recommened it to me . Colin Farrell was pretty decent in this movie .
 Anyone who has seen the movie knows they do n't buy it for it 's historical accuracy . However it 's a great little movie with a decent soundtrack . Western/action movies would n't go wrong with it .
 I like Westerns that have lots of action , some humour , camaraderie , superb landscapes and a widescreen format . This movie gets a tick for all these categories.For a standard DVD the quality is excellent . The picture is sharp , the colour superb and the sound top class.Those seeking historical accuracy on Jesse James and his gang will not find it in this movie . However , based on a very loose interpretation of the facts the producer has blurred the lines between what constitutes a hero and a villain in ways that one is swept up by the action , the superb acting and the storyline.It 's a movie with which one can sit back , relax and be fully entertained .
 Purchased this DVD through Amazon because I was having trouble finding it in big box stores -LRB- I guess it 's too old -RRB- . The product arrived in brand new condtion , still in the plastic and it 's great ! I did n't have any problems with the seller or the condition of the disk .
 I watched this movie and laughed a lot through it , along with some one-word responses like `` WHOAAAAA ! '' The Civil War battle in the beginning had a nice touch , even though the forces in it seemed small -- one regiment of Confederate cavalry versus maybe two regiments of Federal troops and a battery of artillery , perhaps . And I find the situation AWKWARD when the cavalry are about to pursue the retreating Yankee forces and run straight into a long line of haggard Confederate troops . The dialogue goes like this : COLE
 I just watched this movie recently , and I must say it is my favorite movie of all time now ! I watch this movie almost daily because I love it so much ! Scott Caan as Cole Younger was by far my favorite in the movie , but all the characters in my opinion matched the historical icon they were portraying . Collin Farrel did a great job as the cocky Jesse James , and Scott Caan did an Amazing job as tough Cole Younger . Ali Larter was fun to watch as Zerelda Mimms and Gabriel Match played the perfect part for Frank James ! he was hilarious yet sophisticated in the role . another favorite for humor was Will McCormack as Bob Younger ! he had those funny lines that were put in at the right times . This movie may not match history to the book , but it is still on of the best movies ever ! You got the impression that these boys actually were related because of the affection they showed and how well they got along with each other . It was an all around Great movie with VERY handsome actors playing Cole and Jesse ! the director did a wonderful job of keeping young women like myself in mind and giving us eye candy to watch . Loved it so much I wish they had a sequel to it !
 I have n't actually seen the finished movie yet , but I did spend 2 weeks working on site as a reenactor -LRB- Union soldier -RRB- for the opening part of the movie . From what I saw and experienced , it has the potential to be an excellent , fast-paced movie that should be very enjoyable to watch !
 In American Outlaws , Colin Farell stars as an innocent Jesse James . He manages to maintain his innocence through an entirely fictionlized account of the James-Younger gang exploits in the Wild West .
 This movie kicks major butt . I loved Colin 's performance as well as Greg 's ! Will added a bit of comic releif , which was a good thing . I loved the fact that Jesse James was portrayed as a hero . I personally believe this film did Jesse a great justice . It 's better then any other Jesse James film I have seen to date . I was a little upset that they left out Archie James . The fact that they made the character of Jim a combination of Jim and John Younger kinda put me off a bit but I love watching Greg as Jim Younger . I just hate that in the period films I 've seen him in he always dies ... but hopefully one day soon I 'll see him as the hero ... LoveMelissa Boggs , co-founder , CEO and president of Morbid 13 Films
 Honestly , you people are not giving it enough credit that it deserves . I mean the first time that i saw it I was home alone watching HBO . It was only a few minutes into it so I got a pretty good idea of what it was about . This is supposed to be a historical fiction , duh . Which if you 're not smart enough to know what it means and think that it means that everything in it is accurate and totally true you 're wrong . It means that some things are true and some are n't . So ofcourse there was a gang called `` The James Younger Gang '' . Ofcourse the director is n't going to use the actual names so that means that they 're going to change it around a bit and same with the movie.All the actors in it are great . The only thing that does n't make it that realistic is the teeth . I mean it was a great movie but come on ! If this is back in the 1800 's how did they keep their teeth so white ? But all the actors did a great job . Colin Farrel did an excellent job . And as always Gregory Smith was very cute and hot in this movie . This movie has a mix of all types , except horror really unless you think hanging people is considered horror , but not for this kind of movie . When I was watching it I was so into it that I did n't move the entire time . And when is came down to the crying parts I was crying before I knew what would happen next . On the DVD the behind the scenes are very interesting to watch also . And the commentary explains a lot about the movie . And why some things are the way their supposed to be for those of you who were to blind to see that it 's supposed to be historical fiction which i may add once more means that things are n't always going to be accurate . But all and all this was a great action movie and extremely funny . The directors did an excellent job of casting the actors in it . Hope this helped !
 Honestly , if you expected to see a whole movie based EXACTLY upon Jesse James ' life , you are always going to be disappointed . The directors , producers , and even the cast , said during the making of the movie , behind-the-scenes , and interviews , that the movie was not based entirely on fact ! A movie rarely is ! Even `` Titanic '' and `` Pearl Harbor '' were historically inaccurate!But if you are looking for a Western movie , to give you a little enjoyment and fun in your life , American Outlaws is a great rent ! You have action , romance , and even comedy ! The plotlines of the movie gravitate around betrayal , honor , and devotion to one 's land and family . It 's a feel-good movie ! And , of course , the handsome men in the movie do help a bit !!
 I thought this movie was great ! Okay so maybe it was the hott guys in the movie , but still what can I say ? I would n't say the quality of the movie in general was the best , but it was pretty good !! And you have got to LOVE the eye candy =-RRB- . It 's a great action film that deserves credit , in my opinion .
 If your looking for a historically accurate film on Jesse James , this is n't it . This is a movie for the sake of fun and action . There 's comedy , romance , and impossible stunts . It 's the best comical Western I 've seen in a long time .
 I thought this movie was totally awesome ! Besides havin an extremely entertaining cast , the action is awesome . Who does n't like a good ol' shoot-em-up-bang-bang western ? The characters are so amusing , even though they are basically nothing like the real people . Just do n't think about it so much , and enjoy it ! Hey , it 's Hollywood , do n't expect it to be the real lives of Jesse James and gang ... cause Hollywood never makes it exactly right . But i still totally love this movie , it 's awesome ! Anyone reading this should totally see it -LRB- again -RRB- !! ; -RRB-
 I thought this movie was totally awesome ! Besides havin an extremely entertaining cast , the action is awesome . Who does n't like a good ol' shoot-em-up-bang-bang western ? The characters are so amusing , even though they are basically nothing like the real people . Just do n't think about it so much , and enjoy it ! Hey , it 's Hollywood , do n't expect it to be the real lives of Jesse James and gang ... cause Hollywood never makes it exactly right . But i still totally love this movie , it 's awesome ! Anyone reading this should totally see it -LRB- again -RRB- !! ; -RRB-
 Irish actor Colin Farrell as Jesse James is absolutely astonishing . First , he is fully convincing as an American folk hero . Second , there 's been incredible growth in his range since I first saw him in a secondary role in `` Falling For An Irish Dancer . '' He becomes Jesse James for all intents and purposes and does every moment of onscreen action himself without a stuntman . It is a bravura , star stealing performance . The basic legend is known to us all , that the Jameses and Youngers return from the Civil War to find their home land of Missouri overtaken by the Yanks and the railroad barons pushing West with manifest destiny . Having lost the only way of life they knew , they became outlaws and robbed the banks and trains , also becoming folk heroes to the people in their territory . It is the most enjoyable western I 've seen in years . It may be historically inaccurate but perhaps Jesse & Frank James plus Cole Younger live best in our imaginations as folk legends . It works as filmmaking and that is all that matters to me .
 Honestly , you people are not giving it enough credit that it deserves . I mean the first time that i saw it I was home alone watching HBO . It was only a few minutes into it so I got a pretty good idea of what it was about . This is supposed to be a historical fiction , duh . Which if you 're not smart enough to know what it means and think that it means that everything in it is accurate and totally true you 're wrong . It means that some things are true and some are n't . So ofcourse there was a gang called `` The James Younger Gang '' . Of course the director is n't going to use the actual names so that means that they 're going to change it around a bit and same with the movie . All the actors in it are great . The only thing that does n't make it that realistic is the teeth . I mean it was a great movie but come on ! If this is back in the 1800 's how did they keep their teeth so white ? But all the actors did a great job . Colin Farrel did an excellent job . And as always Gregory Smith was very cute and hot in this movie . This movie has a mix of all types , except horror really unless you think hanging people is considered horror , but not for this kind of movie . When I was watching it I was so into it that I did n't move the entire time . And when is came down to the crying parts I was crying before I knew what would happen next . On the DVD the behind the scenes are very interesting to watch also . And the commentary explains a lot about the movie . And why some things are the way their supposed to be for those of you who were to blind to see that it 's supposed to be historical fiction which i may add once more means that things are n't always going to be accurate . But all and all this was a great action movie and extremely funny . The directors did an excellent job of casting he actors in it . Hope this helped !
 I thought this movie was good . It kept me interested , especially when `` Gabriel Macht '' was in a scene , -LRB- personally , I think he steels the show -RRB- but it has its other strong points as well . I thought all the young stars in this movie played their roles very well . I enjoyed the humor in it . Some of the lines are cheesy but overall , its a clean , fun movie worth watching .
 If I had to use only one word to describe this film it would be SEXY . Not just because of the actors , but the humor , mixed in with great gunfighting moves too ! The gunfighting , and horse riding is suprisingly real , and the dialogue funny and refreshing . Do n't be put off because this seems like the same old tired story . Trust me they 've put a new fresh spin on the old west that you wo n't be able to get enough of .
 For the Wetern purist this is n't the film for you , but I thought it was a hoot . I first saw it on a plane returning from Lisbon . I stood up and all the women said sit down we ca n't see Colin . So I watched this Dubliner to see what all the fuss was about . . they were right his Jesse James was great and he is so good looking . I thought I was just having another hot flash but it was looking at him . Thought everyone in the film did a good job and I love Kathy Bates . Get some Popcorn and Mild Duds and watch this one . Candace Serviss
 When two Brothers Jesse -LRB- Colin Farrell -RRB- and Frank James -LRB- Gabriel Macht -RRB- are just finish the War from North and South . Now , they are back home , when an evil man -LRB- Harris Yulan -RRB- and his associates -LRB- Timothy Dalton & Terry O`Quinn -RRB- want to buy the land of Ma James -LRB- Oscar-Winner : Kathy Bates -RRB- and Other families to bulit thier Train Tracks . When she ` s say No . Rollin -LRB- O`Quinn -RRB- killed Jesse and Frank ` s Mother . Now Jesse , Frank , Bob Younger -LRB- Will Mc Cormack -RRB- , Joe Younger -LRB- Gregory Smith -RRB- , Loni Packwood -LRB- Joe Stevens -RRB- , Ty O`Neal -LRB- Clell Miller -RRB- and Comande Tom -LRB- Nathaniel Arcand -RRB- team together to Steal Money from the Bank to Stop Them from Buliding the Train Tracks and Finding the man , who Killed-Jesse and Frank ` s Mother.Directed by Les Mayfield -LRB- Blue Streak 1 & 2 , Encino Man , Miracle on 34th Street-Remake -RRB- made an Unbelievable but Entertaining Action-Packed Western . DVD ` s has an Sharp anamorphic Widescreen -LRB- 1.78:1 -RRB- transfer and an Strong DTS 5.1 Surround Sound : Also in Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound . An running commentary track by the Director , Co-Screenwriter : John Rogers and Editor of the Film : Micheal Tronick and also Two Deleted Scenes and More Extras . This syltish western adventure is Somewhat Changed for Action Packed Scenes and This is a Underrated Film and it was also an Box Office disappointment but this is Great Fun . Grade : A - .
 This was a great movie . Colin Farell is very charismatic as Jesse James . The action scenes were exciting , espically were Jesse jumps his horse over a wagon in the middle of a battle .
 This was indeed fun , and was indeed entertaining . For monthes I 've been waiting for Farrel 's sophmore film , and it was n't a dissappointment . He does a fine job , as does the rest of the cast . The only reason it gets four stars instead of five is it lacked originality . Parts of it played out too much like `` Young Guns '' . Other than that , it was what summer movies are all about
 I saw this movie last night and it was not what I expected . I expected lots of action , no plot , bad acting , and hard rock music . It was the exact opposite of that . Well , it did have lots of action but it also had a good plot , -LRB- it 's about the the James Younger Gang -RRB- good acting , and that song in the preview that goes `` click , click , BOOM !!! '' was never in the movie . It is sort of a summer movie but not really . But still this movie was excellent . Anybody should see it . And do n't get dissapointed when the action takes a break for a while in the middle of the movie , it comes back in full force soon enough . Go see it you 'll love it .
 This movie is my ultimite favorite movie . I saw it the day it came out . It kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time . It has great action scenes . It also is really funny . Colin Farrel is great as Jesse James . The whole James-Younger gang was great . There was n't alot of cursing and there was nothing sexual . It is only rated pg-13 because of the gunfighting and blowing up things . This is a must see !
 I really enjoyed it . One could argue that it was because I 'm sixteen and I enjoy eye candy when I see it -LRB- hello Will McCormack , Colin Farell and Scott Caan ! -RRB- . It 's a good flick for if you want a couple of laughs ... some action and you want two hours for yourself . It 's good for the general audience it 's trying to reach but let 's face it . It 's not Tombstone , so do n't try to stack it up against it . It does n't work .
 If you look throught the reviews you will find there are more people who like it than dislike this movie . I realize I am late in seeing it , but it truly is the best movie I have ever seen . Finally a movie that ends happily . The actor who plays Jesse James is completely believable as Jesse . The comedy in the movie was not dry at all , finally ! If you have n't seen this movie then I suggest you go see it ...
 I got to see this movie a week before it came out for the sneak preveiw and I was so upset I was going to have to wait a week to see it again , lol . This movie had alot of action and had comedy , which were a perfect mix .
 I liked the movie American Outlaws . Even though hollywood took its creative liberties or whatever you want to call it with the historical facts , it still was an awesome movie ! The Younger farm was in Lee 's Summit , MO and the James farm was in Kearney , MO definitely more than a days ride by horse between the two . Other than that it is a story told by the southerners and southern sympathizers from the north . This is definitely the story we did n't hear in the yankee schools of the north . If you 're looking for a cool western with the look and feel of the civil war and young america in missouri , then this is for you . My favorite was Gabriel Macht , who portrayed Frank James . All the characters played well off of each other but his character held the gang together he was the intelligent calm voice of reason . So enjoy this is a funny dramatic western all rolled up into one !
 I LOVED this movie.It is action-packed but also has comedy , romance and non-stop entertainment.It not only has great looking men , especially Gabriel Macht , but a real feel for the old west.I ca n't get enough of it.I hope they will offer an `` American Outlaws 2 '' . ENJOY , it is worth the watch ... Teri
 I thought this movie was great ! I saw it once and on that day I was so interested in the movie that I could recite everything that happened when the movie was over . I only do that when the movie is really great . And this film was how I saw it ... GREAT ! This movie was great because it was combined with Western action , comedy , and a little bit of romance . I hate romance but the connection between Colin Farrell -LRB- Jesse James -RRB- and Ali Larter -LRB- Zerelda -RRB- was adorable . I wish I was Jesse 's wife because he is gorgoeus ! I guess one reason I liked this movie was because of Colin 's amazingly good looks . LOL ! I highly recommend this movie to anyone . So grab a seat , get some popcorn , and watch an excellent movie , and I will tell you that you WILL be drooling over Jesse James ! lol . : -RRB-
 American Outlaws is as much a traditional Western as A Knight 's Tale is a traditional sports film . The two have much in common with one another given their irreverent , do n't - care approach to the material , and both have one common ingredient to spare - FUN.American Outlaws centers around the exploits of Jesse James , but do n't expect much in the way of historical accuracy . For any who even TRY to bash the film for its faults in this category , the movie simply laughs and shakes its head knowingly . It 's hard to criticize a movie that revels in its own goofiness . That 's exactly what makes American Outlaws so entertaining - not to mention some fancy , eye-dazzling gunfights and a charismatic team of young actors.If American Outlaws fails on any level , it seems to come to an end far too quickly . It 's a short film , point of fact , and it almost feels like you 've just seen a trailer as opposed to the feature itself . But it 's a darn fine trailer , well worth the price of admission .
 This was a fun shoot em up western . Although it was predictable and had the same basic story line of all Westerns , it was not boring . It was a good movie to watch on the plane ride home from vacation . Laugh out loud one liners .
 At first I was skeptical about buying a used movie especially at such a cheap price , but after ordering this movie from Amazon and watching it at home the movie works great and I have no regrets . Have bought a few movies from here now and will be my `` go to '' place for movies . And you can always find older movies that you ca n't find anywhere else !!
 this was a great movie . you really get to know the characters and why the chose to fight the way they did
 There are n't too many new Westerns out lately , and when they do come along , they 're often jewels -LRB- i.e. Tombstone , Maverick -RRB- . While not a great aid for a history class , American Outlaws is a fun , action-packed ride with a great cast.The film stars the surprisingly talented Colin Farrel , an Irishman with a great American accent , as Jesse James , the infamous outlaw . He does a wonderful job with the character , turning a ruthless outlaw into a very likeable guy . Along Jesse is his brother , and his cousins , all of whom are very good in their roles . Most notably is Will McCormack as Bob Younger , quite possibly the funniest character of any Western . His issues with being the forgettable gang member made me laugh for a long time.If you 're looking for action , this movie is wonderful . The shootouts , fights , and even Civil War scenes are quite spectacular , although somewhat unbelievable -LRB- a character runs alongside a train shooting in the windows , you have to see it -RRB- . I must warn you - Check your brain at the door . Its much more fun that way.This brings me to my only gripe - the historical inaccuracies . I am a history buff , and while the film is close to the true story of the James-Younger Gang , the subtle differences bug me a bit . The biggest being the Gatling Gun the Union soldiers use . The Gatling gun was n't invented during the Civil War , but came along during the time of Custer.All in all , American Outlaws delivers a great ride that picks you up from the first second and does n't let go . If you do n't want a history lesson , but a rough and tumble good time with plenty of shooting and the occasional hilarious moment , pick this one up . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I thought this movie was very funny and also Colin Farrell was so great in it as Jesse James.The James brothers and Young brothers come back from war to find that the Pinkertons want to buy their farm from them.After the Pinkertons kill Jesse 's mother then the James-Younger gang start to take money from the railroads for revenge.Their is some romance between Zee Mims and Jesse of course too.Overall this is a fun movie not to take too seriously just enjoy the ride it takes you on !
 American Outlaws is a terrific movie . It tells the story of Jesse James and the James-Younger gang . It is n't particularly gruesome , which is what I liked . Also , it adds a little bit of romance . Over all , I love this movie and watch it as often as I can . American Outlaws is an excellent choice !
 In the special features menu , simply go to the bottom of the menu -LRB- main menu , etc. -RRB- and go to the right with your control . A little gun symbol will appear lettting you know you 're there , now just select and you will go to a menu full of sound effects of the guns in the movie.In the second page of the behind the scenes menu , highlight stills and press left arrow twice . A train will appear . Press enter .
 This movie is great and it is a very funny western .
 American outlaws is the coolest movie ever . It is about a gang that robs banks of money to build a railroad.The reason they do this is because the people who are building it killed thier mom . The reason this movie is cool is becauseit mixes outlaws robbing banks , for railroad money , with comedy .
 The incredibly gifted Colin Farrell once again pulls a good one
 I have read some of the other reviews that say it is historically inaccurate . That it is weak in the acting . First of all the acting is pretty good - better than most movies - and secondly who cares anyway ? Maybe a few of the critics or movie nerds that just ca n't watch a movie for entertainment care , but for 99 % of the people who watch this , they dont care . This is a VERY entertaining movie . Lots of action . Lots of well known stars . Two nice looking lead stars in Colin Ferrell and Ali Larter that do great jobs . Most people now like the futuristic type action films , I prefer this old west era . Just watch the movie and you will be pleasantly surprised in how entertaining it is . If you are a movie critic nerd , then just go rent a foreign artsie movie and watch YOUR garbage . : - -RRB-
 The action scenes in this movie are GREAT . I can get past all the other stupid stuff in this movie just to watch those . I think they should have cut out the part where they come back home and chat with all their friends because that just slows down the movie , but once you get past all that , the movie just keeps you jumping in your seat . Yes , the actors ' lines are kind of dumb in some parts -LRB- only SOME parts !! -RRB- and Ali Larter is not the best actress , and sometimes Colin Farrell forgets he 's not supposed to be Irish in this movie and Scott Caan still sounds too much like he 's not out of high school yet - but hey it 's not all that bad . There 's a good plot and lots of humour and good fight scenes . If you 're not a super overly critical and picky person you 'll find yourself a decent movie that 's entertaining and has a good ending . The Special Features are great . They give you a lot of inside info into the making which is always a treat to watch after seeing a good movie . Go for it !
 My husband is not much on going to the movie theater but I got him to go see this one - not once but twice so far . He would go every weekend to see this one . The only other time I got him into the theater was to see Tombstone . American Outlaws has it all . From romance , to comedy , to history , to drama - it fulfills all areas and fulfills them well . Gabriel Macht who plays Jesse James brother , Frank was superb . I would compare his performance to that of Val Kilmer in Tombstone . Frank James made the movie for me ! He was absolutley brilliant . We took our eight year old son to see this movie after we saw it the first time . He loved it . There is VERY LITTLE profanity and not as much violence as one would expect . This movie is a must see for any western/romance movie lover !
 The best movie . Everyone should enjoy this . Lots of good looking men too . A great addition to the CDS . A
 The only reason I purchased this DVD is because Kathy Bates is in the film , I knew nothing about it . But what an action packed adventure this turned out to be . The casting is excellent as well as the performances of all the actors involved . Having read several books about Jesse James as well as a biography of his mother , my first reaction was negative due to historical inaccuracies , but it was so action packed I could n't stop watching . There are some wonderful ` behind the scenes ' in the bonus features that should n't be ignored . Great fun !
 American Outlaws was a great movie ! It did not , as most of you know , have a lot of historical accuracy , but that is not what you really concentrate on in this film . Some of the acting , by my opinion , was a little empty , but that was because of the writing for those particular roles . Colin Farrell and Scott Caan were amazing in this film . Colin played the role of Jesse James perfectly , and effortlessly . And , of course , he is amazing to look at ! American Outlaws has become one of my favorite movies !
 What an awesome movie , so happy to find . Came at a great price , fast shipment !!!! Very pleased w/transaction .
 This movie is what a movie was designed to do ! Entertain you for a hour and half ... peroid . Ok , its not historically accurate ... so what ? It was zainey , fun , action packed and some great casting ! Enjoy !
 Being delivered to Australia I was surprised and happy to receive it early . Product in perfect condition . No complaints here !
 This is a great western and my dad loves it . Thanks so much for your help with this gift .
 I think this movie is great ... . bought it along with young guns 1 & 2 . I think they are all must-haves . Action , Love , Western , History , Guns , etc. . If any of those words interest you then I 'd pick it up . Good special features to , and behind the scenes stuff . Got it really quick after ordering too .
 I think this is the best movie ever made about Frank and Jesse James . New life is given to the story . You are on the edge of your seat right from the get go . The music chosen for this movie is also perfect . Colin Ferrell is at his best in this movie . I also thought Scott Caan gave a wonderful performance as Coleman Younger . Gabriel Macht was fabulous as Frank James . You will not be disappointed in this movie . This is a must own DVD . It is really great ! This movie can also be watched by the whole family .
 American Outlaws is set in post-civil war Missouri in which the War Between the States is over and Jesse James , his brother Frank and their cousin Cole Younger migrate home to find out their home-town of Liberty is Union-occupied territory where , if identified , ex-Confederate soldiers -LRB- like them -RRB- are executed.Worst part of all , a corrupt railroad baron is coercing farmers in Liberty to sell their land to his railroad company at ridiculously low prices . Those that refuse to sell have their houses condemned by the U.S. Interior Department and the occupants subsequently kicked out by Federal troops.The James household is paid a visit by the plutocrat 's representatives but Frank and Jesse give them their walking papers . Only later is the James house paid a visit by Alan Pinkerton 's henchmen and the results are not pretty.The James-Younger gang is then formed to take the fight to the railroad President and Liberty 's Federat occupiers . When the James-Younger gang is formed , this movie only gets better.Despite this film 's Historical inaccuracies , I liked it because of the good acting , humor , well-written script and decent music score . Prior to seeing it I thought it was going to be a copy of Young Guns . But it certainly is n't that at all and it keeps you interested the entire time.The movie is made for entertainment and it certainly delivers!All - in-all `` American Outlaws '' is a very well-made Western that , as one reviewer points out , is a showcase for some promising actors who obviously had a great time making this film . Thats all the more reason to see it and add it to your DVD collection .
 This movie is buy far one of the best made westerns I 've seen in a long time . There are plenty of action scenes and lots of laughs . The cast is excellent and there talent and friendship come across in this movie . There is some language in this movie so send the kids to their room and enjoy a fun different kind of western .
 I bought this DVD not ever seeing the movie before or even being a old west movie fan . I bought it because of all the hype about the action in it , so I was not expecting much , BOY WAS I WRONG !! This movie not only has great action in it but a good story line in it as well . I recommend this movie to both action and old western buffs out there .
 THIS WAS A GREAT MOVIE ! At first i laughed at the cute boy cowboys but then i watched it and . . it was really fun and fast-paced and had alot of funny quotes , great action scenes , really likeable characters and a strong statement against the U.S. govt . 's forcibly taking land and killing communities and people in the name of progress . this is also a great family and friends movie . i too joked at first about its similarity to Young Guns but it is its own movie and is a lot more light-hearted and fun . Definitely check it out ! @
 This is the best modern western ive seen since i dont know when . its funny , has a bit of a love story , a lot fo action , and a really hot guy in it . colin farrell is a wonderful jesse james . i thouroghly recommend this movie .
 AMERICAN OUTLAWS IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER ! MY FRIENDS , FAMILY , AND I LOVED IT ! WE SAW IT TWICE . IT HAD A GREAT STORY LINE , IT WAS EXCITING , AND FUNNY ! ALOT OF PEOPLE COMPARED IT TO YOUNG GUNS . I LOVED YOUNG GUNS TOO , BUT THIS WAS BETTER ! I HOPE THEY MAKE A PART TWO !
 American Outlaws has a sizlin ' cast led by Colin Farrell . Farrell -- `` Where did he come from anyway ? '' is probably what a lot of people are asking about weekend 1 of the movie 's release -- is so fun to watch . The farmboys turned soldiers are pressed into a battle against the railroad to keep their family homes and farms . Watch for the line , `` Oh lol , he 's smilin ' again , '' it signals that you are about to get what you came to the theater for.The story is nicely filmed
 This was an exciting , action packed , comical movie about two groups of brothers that fought in a war and are now trying to keep their land . These two groups decide to form the James-Younger Gang . They rob banks , and trains , and they are really well respected , and WANTED ! Depending on who you are , you will be rooting for the James-Younger Gang , or hating them , either way , you will definitly LOVE this movie !
 Ive never read anything about jesse james or the younger brothers so I have nothing to compare it to historically . I thought it was a good movie . Its funny and doesnt try to hard . Ive heard people compare it to young guns . I dont know why however since this is the better movie . I personally dont like young guns because it tries to hard and because of the annoying old man voice of Billy the kid .
 this movie was better than i expected it to be . people said that it was bad and apparently the general public did n't repsond to it quite well . i thought that it deserved more intake at the box office . this was a nice modern western -LRB- if that makes any sense -RRB- and practically all the actors give a superb performance . as always , colin farrell hid his irish accent very well and he never slipped .
 One of my favorites , this movie will keep your interest throughout . Do n't hesitate on this one ... if you 're looking for a good modern made western , this is the one .
 `` American Outlaws '' has many entertaining scenes . Its action scenes are very unique , especially the bank robberies and their plannings . Colin Ferrill gave Jesse James his intensity that he deserves . My only complaint about this movie is that the events are not very accurate to that of the real-life events . Overall , the movie in whole ... 4 stars , Gregory Smith 's acting ... 5 stars
 this was a great movie . it has the best action sequences every and it leaves you feeling that tingly ambitious , get-out-and-kick ... feeling that a good action movie does . a top-notch old west movie . i highly reccomend it , it is my favorite .
 The movie , American Outlaws , brings a new and refreshing aproach to westerns . The movie has everything a good western has to have . An outlaw , a wicked mastermind , the girl , the jeolous friend and of course the sheriff who chases the outlaw across the country . And the casting could n't be better , Colin Farrell , one of the fastest rising stars in Hollywood , Caan and as Pinkerton , Timothy Dalton . So basically , Must See TV !!!
 As long as you keep in mind that movie was DESIGNED to be funny and do n't moan about things like historical contex you should have fun watching this movie . From what I have seen Colin Farrell had a fun time MAKING it -LRB- even if it did n't do that well at the box office -RRB-
 Do n't do what the reviewers said about this film . THey said it was poorly made and things like that and tell you not to waste your time watching this . I did n't believe them so I watched it at the movies and I was amazed at this movie . The costumes are very cool and the sets are amazing . One set they used twice for two different cities . Ali Larter , Colin Farrell and the rest of the cast play magnificent roles . I would recomend this great movie to anyone because it makes you feel like a outlaw . This DVD is packed with loads of special features . A big two thumbs up with five stars . Go rent this movie tonight . You will not be dissapointed .
 American outlaws follows the legendary James Younger Gang , headed by the notorious Jesse James -LRB- Colin Farell -RRB- . I like the movie itself because it does n't just go into the shoot em ' that many modern day westerns do . It shows the motivation and the reasoning behind the famous outlaw gang . The DVD edition is great because of the special features , it talks about each of the actors learning how to ride , spin guns and shoot . It 's kind of fun just to watch and see what they do .
 American Outlaws is one of the best movies that I 've seen in a long time . Its fun , exciting , and filled with eye candy . I thought the movie was very well done . I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 First of all , anyone going to see this movie must accept that it will be , in no way , a hugely dramatic piece of work that will make you question your own humanity . Even though this is essentially a revenge story , it does not carry the weight of , say , Dostoevsky . What it does accomplish , however , is to make the inner child within all of us want to be cowboys . American Outlaws captures the spirit of the dime novel to bring you yet another interpretation of the Jesse James story . All the outlaws are good , the people they fight are bad , and all the showdowns feature more action and gunplay than you can shake a stick at . It is not blood-and-guts gunplay , but more what you 'd see from Frontier Town at Disney World . What definately caught me by surprise was the adherence to the way guns were in the Old West . Sure , there 's the occasional `` No way '' shot , but most of the action has one man walking among many guns blazing because the others ca n't react fast enough because of surprise or shock . You could do that in the Old West because revolvers were primitive enough that the best shots were close up and calm . If you did the unexpected , the other guy was much less likely to hit you . The only real I almost wish this was a PG movie so that more kids would see it , but I think the studios felt they 'd make more as a teen movie than as a family flick . Overall , this is a highly enjoyable movie that really brings the inner child in all of us to life .
 Let 's face it , folks , this ai n't going to win any awards ... it 's not a biography or any type of history lesson to be learned ... it 's basically a fable of sorts , meant to bring you fun , enjoyment , entertainment and a peek at some of the most sexy men playing shoot-em-up that you will ever see ! I absolutely loved this film just for the sheer fun factor , the colourfulness of it and , of course , Colin Farrell !! If you 've never heard of him before , take notes ` cos you 'll be hearing a lot from him real soon !! Also kudos to the rest of the actors
 I thought this movie was really good ... crtics didnt like it but who cares ... colin farrell is such awsome actor and really hot too . Ali larter was also really good too . i thought it was a cool movie and i saw it 2 times and i think im gon na see it again .
 This movie is not a documentary so do n't expect it to be historically accurate . This is n't your traditional western either . It 's a modern day telling of the famous outlaw Jesse James and his gang . The music goes hand in hand with the action . This is a fun popcorn movie . If want to see a movie with action and some great comedy then this is your movie . You would n't expect comedy in a western but it certainly does have many funny lines which adds to the movie and makes it very enjoyable to watch . Take if for what it is , an enjoyable movie that you can tell all your friends to see . The guys in the movie are n't bad to look at either and neither is Ali Larter.IT 'S A GUARANTEED GOOD TIME !!!!!!
 ... I realize I am late in seeing it , but it truly is the best movie I have ever seen . Finally a movie that ends happily . The actor who plays Jesse James is completely believable as Jesse . The comedy in the movie was not dry at all , finally ! If you have n't seen this movie then I suggest you go see it . Trust me I know my movies people . I 'm a movie freak .
 `` American Outlaws '' may disappoint diehard fans of old-school Westerns , but it remains a fresh , exciting , and immensely charming take on the genre . Despite the cast of young stars and a similar formula , `` Outlaws '' has little else in common with `` Young Guns . '' This movie is all about comedy and the very over-the-top heroics of Jesse James and his posse . The filmmakers set out to create a light-hearted adventure with an emphasis on fun , and that 's exactly what `` American Outlaws '' is all about . Fun . Historical inaccuracy is a moot point . The legends of Jesse James and his gang are little more than a jumping off point for the finest action/comedy combo of 2001 .
 American Outlaws features hot guys and great action ! The whole plot being with Western was wonderful . Colin Farrell does a great job in this movie ! The way it features Western get action moves like today 's action movies was pretty good ! I give it two thumbs up !!
 This movie should get an OSCAR , i love this movie . it 's scary , freaky , and cool . I love the suits in this movie . i recommend this movie to anyone . THIS IS A MUST SEE !!!!!
 Another classic surf movie ! Even my wife likes this one .
 BIG WEDNESDAY is , as many have stated , so much more than just a surfie movie . It explores the friendship of three friends over a 10 year period who just happen to all have a surfing passion . A film overlooked by many , yet has a great story to tell with excellent performances by Katt , Busey and Vicent . The surfing aspect is a small part of the overall storyline.I think the marketing people should have released this DVD title with a different cover as it is misleading and cheapens the movie to a great degree . It is so much more deserving than that .
 i have not seen this film , so i want to see it.I from spain , an i want to see it in spanish version , please . may i do .
 Everytime I watch this movie I think of Double Naught Spy Car and their song `` Jan-Michael Vincent Rehab.com '' . Not the best surf movie but still fun to watch and make you feel REALLY old .
 This movie is a classic that i will never get tired of , although everytime i watch it i want to grab my board and hit the surf .
 The story behind Big Wednesday is one of Life and sorrow . The lives of a handfull of young surfers in California and the effect that the changes of time have on them . From the War in Veitnam and struggles of growing up in that ere ! The comedy and facts of this film blend together to make one of the most intense storys of the 60s . Big Wednesday is not big it is Huge .
 Big Wednesday - a classic . Gary Busey is incredible as Leroy the Masochist . If you 've never seen this film , I highly recommend picking it up . This movie is definitely one of my personal favorites .
 `` Big Wednesday '' -LRB- 1978 -RRB- is a film that was made for baby boomers . Writer/director John Milius was born in 1944 and the material draws on a ten year span of his life from the early 1960 's to the early 1970 's . Along with needing a span of time to qualify as a coming-of-age saga , it was hoped that the long time span would enable it to connect with the entire range of boomers -LRB- birth dates from 1945-1963 -RRB- . Almost anyone born during those years will find things in the film they relate to-even shadow boomers with just the second-hand exposure provided by their older siblings . Younger viewers should enjoy the spectacular surfing sequences and might find the other stuff an interesting history lesson.Milius is one of the so-called young auteur directors of the 70 's -LRB- Coppola , Lucus , Spielberg , Scorsese , De Palma -RRB- . Unlike the others he did very little after 1984 , the year he released `` Red Dawn '' , an embarrassingly moronic and histrionic right-wing propaganda film that alerted an unsuspecting world to his extremist political views . Hollywood insiders already knew about this and the Coen Brothers would use him as a model for John Goodman 's character in `` The Big Lebowski '' . But `` Big Wednesday '' is his masterpiece and it is unlikely that any other writer/director could have brought this story to the screen this effectively . Unfortunately its surfer subject matter did not draw many non-enthusiasts to the theatre ; even though the film is a lot more than surfing , containing a very original universal message about the process of living and changing . Low box office led to a re-edit for pay - television , with the more philosophical content taken out for that version . The current DVD and VHS are that shorter version so if you saw the `` Big Wednesday '' during its theatrical release you maybe somewhat disappointed.Structured like a four act play with each transition moving the action ahead a couple of years , `` Big Wednesday '' follows three young surfers in the LA area -LRB- Jan-Michael Vincent , William Katt and Gary Busey -RRB- . Each plays a talented surfer with Vincent 's character approaching legendary status . Surfing plays a big part in their lives -LRB- Bruce Surtees ' cinematography provides some of the most stunning views of the sport you are likely to ever see -RRB- but much of the film takes place away from the beach with scenes of parties , the induction center , Tijuana , family life , and romance -LRB- a full range of what growing up in southern California was all about -RRB- . Milius ' treatment of surfing is reverential and sometimes even mystical , with a sweeping musical score and local character -LRB- Bear -RRB- who is a kind of guru for the sport . In a scene cut from the television version Bear explains the origin and significance of the `` Big Wednesday '' title . Somehow Milius gets all this right and the film transcends what might have been a pretentious exercise in sport glorification.The final scene is truly special as the three main characters manage a convergence for a final day of surfing , a scene that recalls the freedom and awe of their teenage years , contrasting it with how removed they have gotten from this former way of life . Anyone who has had to choke back their emotions after a nostalgic rush reminds them of what they will never have again , will be moved my this wonderful sequence.Then again , what do I know ? I 'm only a child .
 This one is not just a documentary about surfing . It is actually a good life/friendship movie ... And let 's not forget about the waves ! I enjoy watching this movie .
 This was one of the most heart-wrenching movies you 'll ever see
 I admit I bought this because of Jan-Michael Vincent . Partway through I realized I was no longer just watching because of him . I really liked the underlying story of how friendships and people change and evolve . This film is hyped as a `` surfing '' film , but turns out to be so much more . We may make decisions when we are young that affect the rest of our lives , but how we deal with that and each other is what makes us not only great friends but great people as well .
 Had this DVD stolen many years ago , saw it on Amazon and now I am able to watch it again.The movie brings back wonderful memories of my young day 's . Thank you Amazon .
 This movie came out when I was a kid and I thought it was the greatest movie then . Now that I am grown , I still enjoyed it but it definitely not one of my top ten . I am stoill glad that I got to watch it again and maybe share it with some of my nephews who are surfers .
 If you surf regardless of age , this is a must have movie for your collection . Break out the chips and drinks and have all the bros over for a great surf movie.Even you young `` rippers '' will like this .
 A superb film , possibly the best from a very underrated and criminally underused filmmaker , it is more about youth and friendship than about catching a wave . Beautifully made , from the stunning photography to the fine acting , Milius creates a real sense of place and time , a rich and varied tapestry that in the end is emotionally powerful and rewarding . He gets excellent performances out of limited actors like Vincent and Busey - Lee Purcell is also excellent in what is essentially a decorative role . The film is studded with great small bits , from Godfather 2 's Joe Spinell as an Army psychiatrist to John Ford regular Hank Worden.The commentary track by Milius is very good too . I am no surfer but I loved it .
 We were young ... We were happy ... and we did n't take care of the future.Now the time has past and we have to take care of the remaining future ... we ca n't be happy.The movie is our story.Ramon
 I saw this movie many years ago and again recently . It 's a great movie . I like movies that move along in time as theplayers get older . The movie ages before your very eyes and takes you away to a special place . It explains what it is to get older .
 This is one of the 5 moast special movies I have ever seen.It has sick surf tape also.I would give it five stars .
 I loved this Movie . I have Probably seen it thirty time
 You have to see it and like the past to understand the greatness of this movie . -LRB- It helps to be a surfer . -RRB-
 I was a surf grommet growing up in the mid 1970 's . This flick touched on Vietnam in ways that I could begin to understand . When Leroy the masochist -LRB- Gary Busey -RRB- shambles into the draft board whilst combing his hair with a dead fish , the surreal and insane nature of Vietnam becomes crystal clear . This is a true surf epic directed by a guy who knows the territory . The surf footage , for a hollywood movie , is truly outstanding . There is even a cameo appearance by Mr. Pipeline himself -- Gerry Lopez .
 Our lives like ripples of waves on the ocean thats what Big Wednesday is all about always leading us back into the fray of a big wave , Never knowing what to expect , Maybe the perfect ride or The worst ride of our lives , Life or death always on the brink , on the wave , or on the streetEveryday we surf on that wave or on that highway as spirits of our own desires.A very very good movie
 This film is phenomenal in that it brings not only William Katt , Gary Busey and Jan Michael Vincent together but also introduces many new faces to 80 's film and television such as Robert England -LRB- aka Freddie Krueger -RRB- and Steve Kanaly -LRB- aka Dallas -RRB- . The film , although originally thought of as a surfing movie is far from that . It is a film totally encompassing the late 60 's and early 70 's around the vietnam era and the pressures of the strained relationships of three friends . A film worth seeing for anyone who grew up during that time .
 just to see the old 70 's footage well preserved some great surfers and waves especially Gerry Lopez showing his incredible fluidness makes this one you must have in your collection
 To be fair , in 1962 , I was a 7 year old grom riding my skimboard on the Linda Mar California beach while my cousins longboarded . No wetsuits then-pre Jack O'Neill . Milius did an excellent job capturing that era . Sam Melton aka The Bear reminded me of my Uncle Jack Blair . Gruff , fair and experienced in all things . Every town had a trio of surfers like Leroy , Jack and Matt in those days . Probably still true but I 'm the old guy on a longboard now so I would n't know any personally . Any surfer over 45 can relate to this movie and if anybody younger than that wants to relate to older surfers like their Dads or Uncles , they should watch this movie . My only beef was that there were no Hawaiians in the movie , only haoles . There were Hawaiians surfing in SoCal in those days , passing on the Aloha . But , that 's a minor thing . Funny thing , I still dress the same , even at work as I did in those days-jeans , flip flops , tee-shirt or an aloha shirt . I guess I 'm still in a Big Wednesday time warp . I hope I never leave .
 If you 're interested in surfing at all , you need this one .
 Although slow moving at times , this film portrays in more ways than one the interaction of surfing with the rest of life . Through turbulent times and changes in lifestyle , this ode to maturity brings the point home when `` has been '' surfers still show their stuff to the young crowd during astronomical swell.Most surf films these days are documentary in nature . This film is more story based although the action scenes still bring on the stoke . I would recommend this picture for any one who wants a slightly different take on beach movies . It is nice to see Jan , Gary , and Bill in their youth .
 The twenty reviews I read -LRB- with the exception of the negative responses -RRB- sums up the impact of this film and it 's following therefore this is a message for the director and company that owns the rights and may put it out on DVD . Restore the cut footage and give it the theatrical treatment it deserves with any extras you can give.Both as surfer and independent film buff this film broke alot of rules and still made a longtime impact . So do it right !
 I love this film . It is a surf epic to be sure , but more than this it perfectly captures this period of time for me . It is beautifully written and photoghraphed , the surfing sceens are awesome . You care about these characters . For me , that 's what makes a film great . It is n't perfect but what is ? The three lead actors are certainly in their prime , and there are some excellent supporting performances from Lee Purcell and the late Sam Melville , among them . I have this film on laserdisc and recommend seeing it in widescreen format if available . Do n't miss this one !
 This film was written and directed by John Milius , who also directed such films as `` Dillinger , '' `` Conan the Barbarian , '' and `` The Wind and the Lion '' and has writing credits for `` Magnum Force '' and `` Jaws . '' This film apparently incoporates some of his own memories of hanging out with friends and surfing in California in the 1960s . The movie chronicles the story of three friends over the course of 13 years from 1962 to 1974 . The movie is similar to `` Animal House '' and `` American Grafitti , '' in the way it shows these hard-living kids , their beach parties , their wild trips to Mexico , and the way they try to avoid the Vietnam-era draft by faking various injuries and mental illnesses , etc. . In fact , the movie is more about friendship and growing up in the tumultuous late 60s and early 70s than about surfing , although there are several surfing scenes sprinkled throughout the movie , especially the `` Big Wednesday '' at the end of the film.The movie is more profound and deep than if it had been just a surfing movie , and there 's enough going on that people who are n't really interested in the surfing sub-culture will still enjoy it .
 Anybody venturing into this film thinking that this is primarily a surf film will be in for a rude awakening . Surfing is central to the film , yes , but it is the connecting thread of the diverse lives of the film 's main characters . The film spans the period of 1962 to 1974 and catalogues the internal changes of Matt -LRB- Jan-Michael Vincent -RRB- , Jack -LRB- William Katt -RRB- , and Leroy -LRB- Gary Busey -RRB- as the well as the social changes that occurred during that time . One of the more memorable sequences in the film is one where the buddies go to the military induction center and try any number of schemes to avoid being drafted . These characters are real human beings with the foibles associated with all of us . Any sentiment this film engenders is earned . This is a surprisingly poignant film coming from a director , John Milius , normally not associated with sentimentality . The film also delivers the goods as far as the surfing sequences . The film 's Great Swell of 1974 sequence is breathtaking . I remember when this film came out in 1978 it got generally good reviews but spotty box office and release . It did not even have a theatrical run in Philly . Thank God for DVD where treasures like this can be rediscovered . This is an excellent film to watch at this midpoint of Summer .
 I first saw Big Wednesday in 1980 while growing up in Corona del Mar. . My friends and I lived our young lives by this movie without ever realizing the true story told in Big Wednesday is about the changing face of friendship as we grow older . It 's a story about friends being there for each other when it matters.My view of this movie as I push 40 is that it is an insightful classic about what happens to friendship as we age . It should n't be pidgeon holed as a surf flick .
 I watched this the other night for the first time . It is a classic and a legendary film . A coming of age story for 3 friends who are legends on the beach as the best surfers around . Their exploits in the water and out of the water make them legends but this is a coming of age story and as they get older what they leave behind in their carefree days is what makes growing up so hard . William Katt , Jan Michael Vincent and Gary Busey are great and Sam Melville as Bear is excellent . The bond of friendship between Katt , Vincent and Busy drives the film as they navigate their lives between surfing , Vietnam and getting drafted , jobs , pregnancy , family and death . What they always had was the waves . Surfing was their bond . The surfing scenes are incredibly shot . The story moves slow at times and the drama is not always riveting but ultimately like a long lazy summer day this film pulls you in and left me exhilarated .
 I got this for my husband for chirstmas . I sat down and watched it with him and enjoyed the movie very much .
 When I first saw this film on release in 1978 , many of the critics had panned it with several observing that it was only interesting when in the water , given surfing is its main excitement and the movie subsequently bombed . Looked at again 30 years later -LRB- I have in fact seen it several times in between given the cult status it enjoys in UK fringe cinemas -RRB- , the film 's time horizon of mid 1960s to early 1970s following a surfing mad group growing up is nowhere as bad as those critics may have indicated.Named after the fact that most big surfing swells over the years have occurred on Wednesday , the film by using the surfing culture provides an excellent snapshot of a group of Californian teenagers maturing across the late 1960s and facing up to their changing responsibilities , with its keen observations along the way on the tension with the later hippy movement and the indirect impact of the Vietnam War and its draft on people 's lives.None of the three lead actors -LRB- two actual surfers and Gary Busey as the `` Masochist '' in gonzo mode -RRB- were going to be Oscar contenders based on this outing but what makes the performances succeed is the quality of the ensemble playing . The director co-written script given John Milius 's other writing credits is a bit clunky in parts -LRB- especially the lead personal relationships and the father figure of `` Bear '' -RRB- , but since Milius was a surfer from a very young age , he admits in the recent interview included in this Anniversary DVD that it is a very personal movie and an amalgam of many different characters he knew from those days.Sure the film 's surfing scenes still look fantastic 30 years on , especially in widescreen format . The accompanying short Milius interview and his Director commentary -LRB- which because of its conversational style works well in conveying his enthusiasm for the subject as well as including lots of personal observations and stories -RRB- also makes you realise the difficulties and dangers that were faced in the location shooting of such footage.Yes , one suspects as has already been seen over the last 30 years that this little gem while bombing on initial release will outlast many other over hyped movies of the same period . This is not just just because of its surfing community following but because it is a lot closer to depicting how it actually was for many in those times .
 The story of three surfing buddies from the 1960 's into the 1970 's , it is also John Milius most personal movie , written with a surfer buddy about those days . Sam Melville 's `` Bear '' character is pretty much Milius . For boomers a delight . Look closely for Milius ' cameo as a pot dealer in Tiuajana !
 What makes this a great movie is the cinematography that was executed back in 1978 . The viewer will appreciate the complexities that the filming crew had to probably endure . While there were some stupid and silly scenes in the movie , I particularly enjoyed the overall theme and the music mainly from The Shirelles . Everyone should have the opportunity to watch this movie !
 I have seen many surfing videos but this has been the best so far . Not only is the surfing great but there is a good story going on . Its filled with action , sorrow , and some comedy . Great Movie
 My husband owns this movie , and is one of our favorites . We want to own the DVD . I ca n't find one , will you offer it soon . VHS gets old and worn in time . Thanks .
 This movie rates for me to be the one movie that inspired me the most in my teenage years . There was three of us in the Midwest that begged for the escape to the California coast . The story of the three friends only served to endear this movie to us . We all went different paths that started as one .
 posibly the greatest american movie ever . as if the amazing story of these friends growing up through thick and thin , through changing times , births and deaths is n't enough ; it also has some sick surf footage .
 This movie brings back many great memories of the all day surf sessions with my high school bud 's ! It will not only appeal to surfers but also to anyone who has experienced the true meaning freindship . This Movie is a must have for your video collection .
 The only reason I give this a 4 star rating instead of a five is , one of the most important scenes that was in the original movie was cut from the VHS and DVD version . It is during a party when `` Bear '' is talking to his friends and talks about `` Big Wednesday '' and this explains where the title of the movie came from . Without this scene the title of the movie hardly makes sense . I 'm surprised that no one else has mentioned this in their reviews if they 've seen the original movie years ago . I 've tried for years to obtain an original uncut version and there just is n't one around . I 'd rate the original movie 5 stars .
 I grew up in the western part of Denmark , with the North Sea as my playground . In the late 80s I spent almost all my time -LRB- including the time where I was supposed to be at school ... -RRB- windsurfing with a few good friends . We started out in the morning , following the weatherforecast while we packed our gear and discussed where the best spot would be , wind - and wavewise . I think of the days as going on an ekspedition with my best friends , doing what we were best at - and experienced that feeling -LRB- what only surfers knows -RRB- is the best feeling in the world ! In the evening when we came back , we lit up the BBQ , got drunk , party all night - and the next day -LRB- if there was no wind -RRB- we watched ` Big Wednesday ' . I see that movie every once in a while , trying to recall the atmosphere from those days ... it was like time stood still ... My best surffriend then -LRB- LL -RRB- allways said to me that ' - nobody surfs forever ... ! ' - and to my great surprise he was right ... If you are an old surfer - watch this movie for to realize , that those days where the time of your life !
 This movie is about everything surfing has to offer
 Item shipped fast and arrived in perfect conditions , it has been suitable to my needs and I have nothing negative in response .
 Excellent product I recommend it 100 % top quality it always guaranteed gacalidad can buy with confidence for this place satisfied with the good product recommended
 This is one of my all time favorite movies . Gary Busey was hilarious . The scenes are amazing and the director 's commentary is definitely worth watching . There 's a scene where Gary Busey shakes the crap out of some kid . Its worth it for that one scene alone . 10 stars
 I remember watching this movie , along with all the Bruce Brown surf films , when I was growing up and absolutely loved it . It is one of the films that I can watch repeatedly and enjoy it every time . The writing is n't Pulitzer material , and some would say the acting is sub par . But who cares ? It 's a fun movie with some great surfing where the actors actually do the surfing and a whole bunch of old school longboards that I would love to own . Or at the least ride .
 For those of us who lived this period it brings back so many memories . I graduated from high school in in ' 63 , was raised near Malibu and grew up surfing with Jimmy Blears , Mickie Dora and Johnny Fain amoung others.This is a movie about lasting friendship , that just happens to be set in the surfing world .
 No one ever talks about this movie when you mention surfing movies ... It 's sad this is such a classic film about more than just surfing . It deserves more respect than all the other crap thats played over and over on tv ... All in all epic film filled with big waves hot babes and the true meaning of friendship
 This is a classic . I think you really need to surf in order to really relate to it though . I could see how this movie could come off cheesy -LRB- and I admit there is some velveeta going on in this one -RRB- , but as a whole , it gives you that whole `` aloha '' vibe crossed with the craziness of rambunctious youth.It 's hard not to draw parallels between growing up on the beach , and watching this movie . The innocence of youth filling their idle time with waves , babes , and beers . Through the eventual growing pains of being forced to `` grow up '' , to the eventual realization that life is a combination of fun and tragedy.It 's easy to pine for the carefree days of our youth . It 's pathetic to be `` stuck '' in that moment . Like The Bear says
 John -LRB- `` Conan the Barbarian '' -RRB- Milius wrote and directed this underrated , but significant beach movie that is much more than first meets the eye.What is most memorable is the terrific second unit big wave cinematography by famed Imax and surf photgrapher Greg MacGillivray . But the undercurrent -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- is a troubling tale that grew from Milius ' memories about his own surfer buddy friendships on the day -- a big Wednesday -- when Watts was going up in flames and the surf was peaking.Almost a great film that in retrospect was far and away more prescient than given credit at the time . Jan Michael Vincent , Gary Busey and William katt are perfect as the friends seeking meaning and purpose as they move through ten turbulent years starting in the mid-60s . This title , like Monte Hellman 's `` Two Lane Blacktop '' and Dennis Hopper 's `` Easy Rider '' is a legendary film with a devoted cult following that looks at a specific time in America through the eyes of lost innocence . `` Big Wednesday '' is finally available in a pristine widescreen DVD transfer with an insightful , witty , and at times almost poetic commentary by writer director Milius .
 At the risk of sounding like a total pot-smoking burn out type who sits around all summer and eats cheetos and plays Nintendo I have to start out this review with a very loud and resounding `` This movie rules ! '' . Anyway if you are a surfer and are interested in a bit of history on a fictional level about some of the pioneers of the sport then this is the movie to see . Because this movie is unlike any of the other surf movies out there I ca n't really compare it to them in terms of whether or not it was better than them or not . It 's in a class all it 's own . From the first rate story-line to the spectacular big wave scenes at the end -LRB- spectacular for it 's day that is -RRB- , this movie holds much nostalgia from the 60 's surf era . If you wan na go back in time a few decades for a couple of hours and get caught up in what it was like to be part of the surf scene `` back in the day '' then this is the movie to see . From the old wine cooler beach parties late into the night to the trips down the California coast to Tijuana searching for the right surf conditions this movie captures it all and freezes it in a time capsule in the from of a two hour cinematic documentry of sorts . Two thumbs up and then some is all I can say to end this review .
 This movie is regarded as a surf classic and rightly so . Slickly produced , consisting of a series of vignettes over 13 years it gives a non-surfing person a revealing insight into the surf culture . The still-thorny issue of the Vietnam War is dealt with and the transition from the swinging sixties into the seventies is handled very well -LRB- a technique John Milius perfected in his 1983 classic Uncommon Valor which incidentally pre-dated the much hyped Rambo First Blood II by nearly two years -RRB- . The climax of the film is the surf footage at the end depicting the legendary day of a lifetime , Big Wednesday . The only negative is the thought that the two stars , Jan Michael Vincent and Gary Busey threw away their lives after this movie due to drug addiction -LRB- Busey almost died from an overdose in 1994 -RRB- . Another negative is that some of the surfing terminology in the book did n't make it to the film . In the book , the car is referred to as `` The Makeshift '' - it is n't in the film . Still , if you cast these things out of your mind for 100 minutes you will experience something truly special . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Words can not adequately describe the emotional tug that this movie does to the heart . Growing up in a small coastal town in Southern California during the 60 's is epitomized in this movie . Friendship , Vietnam , Surfing , Party Crashers , weekends in Tijuana , Friends gone off the edge - man , it 's so well depicted and so accurate . This is Jan Michael Vincent 's best work ever and he did it shortly before he lost control of his life through his addictions - the guy was an unbelievable actor ! I know him through friends and as a young man he was notoriously sought after by hordes of women and was a phenomenal natural athelete . You 've got ta get this movie !
 This movie symbolizes the best time in every surfers life . The times when all you lived for was the biggest wave , the perfect wave , the empty wave . How many of us go out surfing and get flashbacks of all those good times when life was free and easy ? The most important aspects of this movie is that no matter how much the circumstances of your life may change you can always head back to the surf to gain the inner strength and unspoken sense of of satisfaction which reminds you of just why we are on this planet , for friendship and the worlds natural wonders . This movie re-enforced the belief of standing by your mates and when it 's time charge , do n't hold back , a great movie and unreal surfing sequences for it 's time .
 The Muhammad Ali of surf films , this is the film which took surfing into the mainstream . Deeply moving and at times painfully nostalgic , this film chronicles the pleasure and pain of growing up . Consisting of four interconnected vignettes set at various times during the 1960s and 70s this film uses the surfing theme as a backdrop weaving between the bobbysox era , the Vietnam War -LRB- long before it became fashionable -RRB- and climaxing in the Big Wednesday which gives the film its title . The surfing footage is nothing short of spectacular , a triumph of film making . It is impossible to be unchanged after watching Big Wednesday , a film which has reached legendary status and which represented Jan Michael Vincent and Gary Busey 's finest on-screen performances . The Bear logo used in the film was spun off into a successful surfing partnership making surfboards and other products and which sponsored the Big Wednesday 20th anniversary celebrations in 1998 -LRB- see http://bearsurf.com/accessories.htm -RRB- . If you only ever see one surfing film it has to be this one . It is the surfing genre 's finest hour .
 This is the best surf film ever made . Great characters , great story , and in an era where surfing was still simple and getting started as a sport . This film is more about the culture than the surfing itself and was very well done . Definately worth watching and this would be a great gift to anyone who has ever surfed .
 I just want to say one thing ... Awsome . This is the movie that got me started in surfing . Not that I 'm any good , but just sitting out there with your buddies shooting the breeze and catching waves together is what it 's all about . I even have a 9 ' board made and signed by Billy Hamilton himself with the `` Bear '' logo on the nose . What a terrific story . One for the collection .
 I 'm sure I 'll get some flack for declaring this the best surf movie . I do n't intend to take anything away from Endless Summer , Step into Liquid , etc. . But such movies are more documentary . Other examples such as North Shore , while entertaining , fall short of cinematic.Big Wednesday is a semi-autobiographical story from director/writer John Milius . As many have made comments regarding the films philosophic take on life , surfing , and friends , I 'll just make a few comments . - The films pacing is slower and more deliberate than most films , giving it an almost literary feel . Admittedly , some would call it slow . - The story is epic in scope , matching it 's pacing . - It seems to stay true to the surf culture . - It holds great entertainment value if for no other reason than seeing Jan Michael Vincent and William Katt before their sitcom days -LRB- Air Wolf , The Greatest American Hero -RRB- , and Gary Busey before ... well , before his rehab days.Big Wednesday is part of my movie library . If you enjoy thoughful , coming of age films , and surfing , buy the DVD .
 This is an old favorite from my younger days . It is a movie written by John Millius about a group of young teens growing up in California and surfing . It starts with them in their teen years and deals with their parties , loves , friendship and of course riding the big waves . It is a simpler and nicer time in America in the early 60 's . The Beachboys and surf music ruled the airwaves and everybody was tan , hair bleached by the sun , in bikinis and swimming trunks , surf boards , your best girl and late night camp fires on the beach . But then things start to change and the Viet Nam era comes into play . The boys have to make a decision on if they are going to serve , dodge the draft or scheme to come up with a way to get out of it . Also other things are changing . Things are getting more complicated simply because everybody is growing up and has to face more serious issues than when the next keg party is going to be and when the next waves are coming in.Jan Michael Vincent stars and looks like he is cut out of a Michelangelo sculpture . He was the early 70 's adonis and he and Willian Katt and Garey Busey round out the cast . They and their friends are a colorful bunch of characters and as they go thru the ups and downs of becoming adults their friendships are tested by time and by adversity.I think this is a really good movie . The surfing footage is also very good and I think most of the guys do their own surfing . The guy that plays ` The Bear ' is also very good in his role . I believe Millius wrote this about his own coming of age and surfing so it is dead on accurate and believable . Vincent is outstanding in his performance and you ca n't take your eyes off of him his charisma is that commanding .
 I teach Elementary Spanish and I bought this video last year and used it to teach my students about the traditional salsa dance of Cuba and Puerto Rico . I did this with my 3rd graders and they had the best time as well as myself ! The video is very well geared towards students and is very age appropriate .
 OK , all of my friends amd I liked this movie , but everyone else hated it , and I ca n't understand why . I usually like more sophisticated humour , but this was such a relief . . it 's just a very fun movie to watch . The characters are portrayed very well , especially David Foley . . man , he just rocks , he 's the cutest , funniest guy around . . So I 'll quit rambling and say , just buy this movie . . it 's like prozac .
 This was just a hilarious movie . It had many , many funny moments , but was too short . Dave Foley was hilarious as Chris , much funnier than Dana Carvey , who portrayed Chris on the series . Rent it , or better yet , buy it , from amazon.com !
 What a classic movie . I can not believe this got negative reviews when it came out . The skits on SNL were great and the movie is one of the best comedies I have ever seen . I am so glad it finally came out on DVD . I love how just when you 're about to find out what Pat is , there is always SOMETHING to get in the way . For example , in this movie we see Pat 's drivers liscense , but a dog just happened to chew it up and one of the bite marks is dirrectly over the `` sex '' identification . I also love how conceited Pat is , when * it 's * really the ugliest character I 've ever seen.Personally , I think Pat is the guy and Chris is the girl because of all the feminine clothes Chris wears . Also notice how Chris 's hair changes length during the movie . I 'd love to see a sequel , or a movie dedicated to Chris , but I do n't think that would ever happen . Unfortunately . Hopefully there will be an SNL Best of Julia Sweeney DVD -LRB- amoung the others they have -RRB- and will include many of the Pat sketches.Great movie . I can watch it over and over and never get bored .
 I have never ever seen a funnier movie . It is so awesomely wrtitten and with people like Ween in it , and so many different plot turns , it is so cool . It has been my favorite movie for many years and I do n't think something will change it soon . I love it the most though cause you still do n't know what Pat is . It 's Pat .
 I find it interesting that some people do n't feel this movie is worth watching even once ; A few months ago I happened across it while lazily browsing the comedy section of Blockbuster , and I instantly remembered how my cousins and I used to watch it repeatedly for a several-month period about eight years ago . We thought it was hilarious , and we used to go around imitating Pat 's annoying little giggle and quoting various lines . To see whether my apprieciation of this movie had had everything to do with my young age and nothing else , I rented it again and watched it with a friend . Not only do I still find it JUST as entertaining as I did at ten , but my friend loved it too.Kyle , the obsessive neighbor who falls in love with the enigma of Pat and makes it his life purpose to find out Pat 's gender , is really well played , and even a little creepy in the midst of all the comedy . Dave Foley 's portrayal as Pat 's ... equally androgynous love interest Chris -LSB- well in truth , he looks more like a woman as this character -RSB- , and the appearance of Ween -LSB- who rock , IMO -RSB- are just a few reasons I love this movie . I 'm even able to feel sorry for Kathy Griffin , who plays a neighbor whom Pat wo n't leave alone.While I think this film is a comedic gem , I 'm not all that surprised that most people seem to feel differently . I 'm not always agreed with when I mention the farcical brilliance of shows such as The Kids In The Hall and Strangers With Candy , both of which I LOVE for the way they go almost too far with the ridiculous strangeness of a situation or character.All in all , yes , It 's Pat ! is incredibly stupid ... And that 's the POINT !! Laugh at the intended stupidity , because that 's what it 's there for .
 Oh Pat , you padded cute little angel-muffin ! Pat is so gorgeous in this film , she squeaks and dribbles and shuffles through a very cute and funny film . I was pleasantly surprised by the brilliant casting , especially of Pat 's sexually ambivalent companion ` Chris ' , -LRB- David Foley -RRB- who is absolutley fantastic and turns as good a performance as Julia Sweeney ! To those who say Pat is n't material for a 2 hour movie , Poo To You ! This film rules , it has pace , feeling , laughs and it has more dimension of Pat than you 'd expect ! Buy it !
 Okay , get a little baked and this IS the greatest movie of all time -LRB- especially if your a Ween fan -RRB- . I literally fell on the floor crying at points .
 When my best friend and I were roomates , this was one of our favorite movies to watch a couple times a month and recite the words throughout the whole movie . I 'm sure this did drive people crazy who were hanging out at our house because we were in our own little world of Pat laughing our a ** es off . My favorite lines from this movie include Pat squelching `` I crushed my nuts ! '' when Pat tumbles down the stairs . The neighbors exchange knowing glances until Pat says `` There goes my afternoon snack ! '' exposing the crumbled walnuts in Pat 's hand . It 's hilarious to watch Pat 's neighbor Kyle become psycho obsessed with Pat too . I think this is an excellent movie to watch with friends . Or maybe I 'm just easily amused !
 This movie is funny , funny , FUNNY !!! Best lines : `` FEEL SORRIER FOR ME ! `` I 'M PLAYING WITH THE WEEN ! `` Any line by Kathy Griffin or Kathy Najimy or Pat -LRB- of course -RRB- Favorite moment : Pat trips while going to her/his gig with Ween -LRB- tuba in hand -RRB- . Pat 's glasses fall off and make a cheap plastic sound as they slide across the pavement . -LRB- Play this moment over and over and you will laugh till your stomach splits . -RRB- If you need any more proof what I 've outlined here , I ca n't help you.Peace .
 this movie is brilliant ! if you can ignore the few stupid jokes that are thrown in in the beginning , it 's really , really funny and good . the brothers ween are great . camille paglia looks like an idiot . the way pat and chris fall in love , the way kyle is obsessed with pat , and the way everyone deals with pat are all fascinating . best of all , it teaches us that gender is unimportant , that love is love , that we are not our bodies . oh , pat . -LRB- the part when chris sprays him/her/itself with the spray bottle ... hee hee ! -RRB- also , it 's always interesting to ask people what they think pat and chris are , which is the woman and which the man , or are they gay ? or lesbians ? or are they simply eunuchs ? pat is truly one of the most engaging characters to come out ever . see this movie !
 Best movie ever , if you have seen it ... Acess denied HUH HUHUH UH HUHU HUH
 A while ago , my sister rented this video , becuase she thought that `` the box looked funny '' . Well , she brought it home and we watched it . The sound of Pat 's voice scared me at first , but as the opening credits came on , I was laughing my head off . I must have burned so many calories from laughing after watching that movie . Afterward , it had me singing '' alot of people say ` what 's that ? ' Its PAT '' for days !
 Got ta love this one ! Pat falls in love with the opposite gender - whatever that is ! Has career problems ! And even a stalker ! She/He has chutzpah ! -LRB- forgive me if I spelled that wrong -RRB- . No matter what happens he/she goes blithely through life on her/his way to his/her next escapade . Ah to live with such flair . As a woman Pat is a triumph - not a care about how she looks , dresses , or acts but simply is and finds love without conforming to the world 's `` look and act like this to be a woman and loved '' standards . If Pat is a man , well , what other kind of behaviour would you expect ?! Either way , Pat comes out on top of the world - I 'm just dying for a sequel - Pat and Chris live `` lives of quiet desperation with a house and 2.5 kids ! '' ...
 `` It 's Pat '' is by far the funniest movie I have ever seen ! If you love corny humor , this movie is for you ! Appearances by Ween make the movie even more worthwhile ! The fact that Pat 's neighbor Kyle is so obsessed with Pat makes the movie hilarious ! Buy this movie !
 This is comedy at it 's best . The innuendos , the crazy humor , the make you wonder `` why am I laughing at that ? '' moments . It 's all here . Hands down one of my favortie and most memorbale movies of all time that will keep you guessing -LRB- man or women -RRB- , a cult classic all it 's own ... It 's Pat .
 What can I say about `` It 's Pat '' ? Well , while indeed you never find out which gender Pat belongs to , and yes , there are some parts of the movie that are just plain out stupid , overall I 'd say that it is a good movie well worth purchasing . Now I wo n't lie to you , it can be a bit disturbing to see ; in fact some parts of the film just make me cringe with disgust , though at the same time I 'm laughing . If anything , it represents a time gone by when you can portray something as gross & weird as a person with no specific gender and it still be somewhat tasteful -LRB- I mean , come on , it could 've been a lot worse ! -RRB- If you 're looking for a movie that 'll change your life -LRB- in one way or another -RRB- , this is the one ! It 's a good movie , and though a little weird , I think it should one day become an American classic .
 Honestly , I can understand why some people may not like this movie . But if your anything like me and enjoy incredibly stupid comedy and find hilarity where others do not I highly recomend this movie ! Julia Sweeny is the incredibly obnoxious though oddly confident Pat and Pat 's lover Chris is played by David Foley who is hot even as an androgynous bartender ! This movie proves that anyone can find love . Also has an appearance by Ween !!
 It 's Pat is by far the most great , enjoyable movie in the history of all mankind/womankind . It features the great loveable , sexy , good hearted , hot , beautiful , and greatest Pat Riley -LRB- southland Gas CO. -RRB- It 's Pat is a great adventure . It 's about romance , love , commedy , sex , and Julia Sweeny . I ca n't believe that Julia Sweeny did n't win a grammy for the movie . It 's PAt the movie makes me feel like a ... . I do n't know ... . IT !!!!!! I love Pat and you should too . PAt makes me quiver when I watch it . I dream about Pat Riley all the time and I am in dismay that their is n't a sequal , But how would you top gold ????
 This is one of the the most greatest movies especially the scene where there 's four guys questioning Pat whether it 's a man or a woman . This movie is funny .
 JK . But I LOVE THIS MOVIE !!!!! Funnier than you might think . I wore out my VHS tape and recently bought the DVD . Love it ... `` it '' being the operative word .
 It 's Pat is a fun filled `` family movie '' . It brings me joy to watch it and also make impressions of `` Pat Reilly '' . I am forever mistified by Pat 's androgonistic self ! I wish I could be Pat ! Some people say i actually look like him/her . Its great to know that there is a movie out there JUST FOR ME ! ITS PAT IS THE BEST !
 I rented this movie like along time ago and I enjoyed it . I think the movie is alot better than the skits on Saturday Night Live . I hope they make a sequel to it if not then that 's okay . They did n't make a sequel to `` A Night at the Roxbury '' yet that was a funny movie too .
 I laugh too hard when I see Julia Sweeney play this character . The story is kind of silly , but the characters were worth the watch .
 This movie got me so hot ! That Pat character is a total hunk of man/woman that i want to get on ! I 'm sure that if you buy this movie your hormones will be a raging ! WHEW ... anyone got any cold water for me ? BUY IT !
 Well what can i say Pat is always there at the video store to bring a smile on your face . This is such a funny movie i ca n't handle it !!!! me and my two best friends have watched this movie countless times it is the COOOLEST !! BUY IT NOW !!!!!!! 2 BE OR NOT TO BE THAT IS THE NAME OF MY APARTMENT !
 Androgyns are funny , just face it . Pat gets into all sorts of trouble but the creepy stalking neighbor steals the show . Love when he keeps trying to crack her password and the laptop goes `` access denied ... uhehehehe ''
 It 's Pat is the best film ever made . It has everything I could ever want in a movie .
 I found myself laughing where I should have been cringing and perhaps I should n't even be admitting to enjoying the movie -LRB- smile -RRB- , but Pat was a well written comedy with thought provoking points hidden deep within the storyline ... VERY DEEP.For those who like pulp and cult fiction , this is a good one to add to your TBW -LRB- to be watched -RRB- list .
 We felt Pat , we understand Pat , we laughed with Pat , we cried with Pat , we love you Pat !! We think `` It 's Pat '' is one of the most unique and talented story lines of the nineties . I mean , taking one androgynous character and making it fall in love with another ? That 's sheer genious ! And then shuffling the weird , obssesive neighbor -LRB- Kyle -RRB- into the mix ? Who thought of that ? They should be rewarded !! We have dedicated all of our free time into the research of Pat and Pat fans everywhere . The fan club is coming soon and we hope to hear from anyone whose been enlightened by Pat ! We are still looking forward to a long-overdue sequel , but at least we still have the first Pat in the meantime ! Thank you so much Pat for increasing the happiness in our lives !! WE LOVE PAT !!!
 I loved this movie and that 's that ! I keep going back to it over and over because it 's so silly ! Those who hated this movie take things too seriously . But really , if you were expecting a Great movie while knowing that this is a movie with `` Pat '' as the main character , then who is the real fool ? This movie will not change your life and will not teach you anything but it will make you forget about your own troubles for a while . If you like movies like `` The Brady Bunch Movie '' then you may like this one . I did !!!
 Is this an Oscar-worthy movie ? No . Is it a great ` SNL ' movie ? Yes ! I adored the Pat character from ` SNL ' reruns , and was encouraged to buy this movie by a co-worker who 'd seen it many times on basic cable back in the day . Having never seen it before myself , I thought it was well worth the $ 5 or so I paid for it . I loaned it to my co-worker and he and his wife enjoyed it as well . It is what it is -- not the worst or greatest movie ever filmed -- but ... -LRB- wait for it -RRB- ... It 's Pat !
 It 's really a shame that people have n't given this movie the chance it deserves ! It 's Pat is absolutely HILARIOUS from start to finish . It 's been judged really harshly and that 's not fair.The character Pat comes from a series of Saturday Night Live sketches that ran in the early 1990s , which was the best time for SNL . Clearly the movie has to have some merits to have been approved by someone like Lorne Michaels.Julia Sweeney is absolutely perfect as Pat , the main character . I really do n't understand how she did n't have a bigger career after this movie , because she 's hilarious imo . Putting in a comedy legend like Dave Foley really sent the movie over the edge . He plays Chris , another person of indeterminable sex and the love interest of Pat . The two have a lot of chemistry , I think ! Charles Rocket , who was also on SNL , really gets to show how great of a comedian he really is . He 's makes a great villain!I think that the connection to SNL is one of the major reasons that critics have judged this film so harshly . People went in expecting another Wayne 's World and did n't give It 's Pat it 's own chance to shine ! The two have completely different styles of comedy.It 's Pat was DEFINITELY ahead of its time . The influences from this film can be seen across a lot of different comedies , like in Judd Apatow movies . It 's Pat can rely on stupid humour a little too much sometimes , but that makes it even funnier ! Everyone loves an easy laugh and this movie delivers.People NEED to give this movie another shot ! Buy the DVD and see just how great this overlooked comedy is !
 SynopsisThis film was directed by Adam Bernstein . An androgynous person tries to answer the hard questions in life about love and their career and evaluate themselves . His/Her friends also have a hard time trying to figure out their gender . If I was Pats friend I would be trying to get into bed with them so I could find out their gender . Some androgynous people turn me on.Plot RatingWe 've seen all of this before . Trying to find out who you are , where your going in life but the added twist of trying to figure out Pat 's gender throughout the whole movie is a great thing . If Pat was n't enough you are also trying to figure out the gender of Pats love interest and how exactly they have sex . My mind is full of interesting details on how that is done . My recurring thought is that they both have male and female genitalia and they stick them in their own holes . The gender confusing one liners are a lot of fun . The plot gets a 8/10Actor/ActressesJulia Sweeney does a great job at playing the gender bender character who struggles at finding the perfect job and mate for him/herself . She truly does carry the movie with some slapstick comedy and gender queer antics . Dave Foley plays Pat 's counter part and that relationship makes trying to find out Pats gender all the more confusing . The best line is `` I love to stroke your pussy pat '' . Charles Rocket does a great job at playing Kyle . Pats obsessed neighbor who will stop at nothing to find out the gender of this intriguing person . I use to be obsessed with people and look how I turned out . -LRB- I 'm pretty much a stalker with people now -RRB- . He is another character that carries the movie . It 's interesting what happens to him at the end of the movie . So do n't get lazy and not watch the credits . The people in the movie were convincing but not the greatest . I give their acting ability a 7/10 . DVD ExtrasThis movie comes from Walt Disney video . Unfortunately for this one there are no special features . People need to learn that there are viewers that want to see commentaries , interviews , deleted scenes , etc. . I give this a 0/10Personal ThoughtsThis movie is n't going to win academy awards or be a bestseller but it is a great movie to chuckle at and argue with your friends at what sex Pat really is . Again , it 's a shame that there were n't any interviews because I think they would have been hilarious since it seemed like they had a good time making the film.It 's Pat gives us a taste at what it would be like to be a gender queer person living an everyday life and it 's something that I have n't seen in a movie in awhile . This movie gets a 15/30 .
 All I 'm gon na say is where is the sequel ? This movie was brilliantly done and deserves an award . It has all you need in a good movie . Humor , suspense , and romance . What a classic film . I even bought it to watch over and over again .
 its a great comedy film to tell if your love one is a male or female & iquest ; & iquest ; & iquest ; & iquest ;
 its a great comedy film to tell if your love one is a male or female & iquest ; & iquest ; & iquest ; & iquest ; & iquest ; & iquest ;
 This movie was not only one of the funniest movies i 've ever seen , but to throw in one of the greatest bands to grace this earth . . WEEN . . i 'd have to say it made it amazing . The people who said it was a waste of time must not know true humor !! I loved it !
 We have all seen Pat on Saturday Night Live , but it 's now 1994 , and Pat is back ! Pat is in California , in a great looking apartment complex with your average neighbors
 There seems to be something about this movie that makes me laugh until i nearly wet myself , from the classic lines `` is that a big FAN of yours ? '' to `` i crushed my nuts , there goes my afternoon snack ! '' So far no one on earth has liked this movie , but i just love it ! Some say this movie should never have been made , I say they need to make more of them !!
 it was great to watch again , I remember watching it years ago and it 's still as great as ever . I would recommend it to anyone to buy .
 This was a great buy , I never stopped laughing through out this film . I didnt have alot of high profile actors in it but it didnt need them .
 We 'll never know . If everyone had Pat 's confidence , the world would be a better place . You ca n't tell Pat that he/she is n't awesome . Funny movie .
 I watched this movie -LRB- for the first time -RRB- on DirecTV a little while ago . Now , I 'm a fan of the older SNL series and not so much a fan of the newer SNL generation . How did I miss this movie?I found this movie very funny . I also found this movie very weird . But I guess that 's the point . This movie really does make you wonder if Pat is a he or a she . At some points I 'm laughing and at other times I was really weirded out but this is a really good classic comedy .
 Despite the packaging -LRB- When I got it it was loose in it 's case -RRB- It did n't get scratched . . One of my bf 's favorite movies haha
 This is a well made film not only on the Marquis Desade but also Gnostic Christian cults . The premise of the film is not only s & m but the hidden Gnostic cult behind the scenes
 They 're cute ! They 're cuddly ! They 'll rip yer head off ! In IT 'S ALIVE , the Davis baby ran -LRB- crawled -RRB- amok , leaving bodies strewn in it 's frenzied wake ! Larry Cohen 's saga of babies gone bad continues with this double dose of pernicious pablum ! IT LIVES AGAIN has Frank Davis -LRB- John P. Ryan -RRB- crashing a baby shower to deliver the bad news that the expectant parents -LRB- Frederic Forrest and Kathleen Lloyd -RRB- are about to hear the pitter-patter of little murderous-mutant feet ! If that 's not horrid enough , the government is watching and waiting for it 's chance to swoop in and make things even worse ! Mr. Mallory -LRB- John `` horses-head-in-the-bed '' Marley -RRB- , leads a team of operatives bent on mutant infanticide . Frank must get the young couple into hiding at a secret facility before the inevitible bloodbath . Check out the delivery-room on wheels ! Slower than the original , but good enough for repeat viewings . ISLAND OF THE ALIVE opens with the infamous taxi-cab delivery scene . Then , we shift to a father named Stephen Jarvis -LRB- Michael `` Q-The Winged Serpent '' Moriarty -RRB- fighting in court for the life of his caged son . The judge decides to spare the creature , and an island is found where it and others of it 's kind can live in peace . Well , of course , invaders arrive to hunt down and kill the babies , only to become so much baby food themselves ! Finally , another team is sent to `` study '' the lil ' devils , who have all grown up into big ol' cannibals ! Mmmm ! It turns out that the `` kids '' have a plan of their own ! Karen Black -LRB- Trilogy Of Terror , Burnt Offerings -RRB- stars as Jarvis ' ex-wife , Ellen ; who just wants to forget the whole `` killer baby '' thing . I love this one ! Much gorier than the first two . This is a great double feature ! Grab the first one too and complete the trifecta ...
 In my review of ` It 's Alive ' I noted that that film was surprisingly serious and low-key for a film about murderous mutant babies . The same can not be said for these two movies . However , they 're highly entertaining , so between the 3 of them we get a bit of everything . This is some very entertaining schlock horror right here . Ca n't imagine why it is n't more popular . ` It Lives Again ' is the better of the two here , and probably the best of the series . This is a direct sequel , as the killer baby epidemic is spreading and the government has resorted to immediate execution . Frank Davis is back with a number of sympathetic doctors and scientists , and is working to save the children . This time there are 3 babies , and there is a whole lot more baby mayhem . Though they 're still occasionally conspicously absent from the frame , you see a whole lot more of the kids this time around . Obviously , they are rarely at all convincing but I think they look neat and seeing the babies maul someone is always a treat . There 's still quite a bit of downtime , but Frank is still entertaining to watch , so it does n't hurt it all too much . He 's getting pretty obsessive and nutty by now , but I still sympathize with him . This time around the whole thing seems a lot wackier . Now they 've got whole legions of cops waiting for the babies , and watching them search the hillside and lengthily discuss baby-hunting strategy is just very amusing . The film is hurt by the fact that the ending is a bit to reiterative of the original . Seems a little lazy this way , but it does n't matter too much.Grade
 One of the best double features . It Lives Again takes after part one . The father warns a new family about their unborn baby . Convinces them to have the baby at a secret base , and we get a lot more little mutants . Great story , and fx . Part 3 Island of the Alive . This time the mutant babies are sent to a Island . Which a course they make it back to the states for mayhem . I do n't ever remember part 3 being in theaters . But seen it on cable , its still a good movie . Both films are quite entertaining . Also do n't forget the first It 's Alive !
 In `` It Lives Again '' , two years after the events of the first movie a happy couple called the Scotts -LRB- Fredric Forrest and Kathleen Lloyd -RRB- are about to expect a baby . However Frank Davis -LRB- John P. Ryan -RRB- the father of the original mutant monster warns them about their upcoming unborn child being a creature and now there are three abominations that must be studied to see if they can be domesicated but can they be trusted ? . Then in `` It 's Alive III
 Larry Cohen has turned to stop-motion to show the babies without any strings . He does this quite amusingly . Now where is the Trilogy DVD Box set !!
 this movie is a gem for B-movie aficianados . It 's got a decent amount of gore , some pretty funny scenes , a couple scenes which will make you jump , and a dash of Elephant Man-type emotion . I really like this movie , but if your one of those people who expect Hollywood class acting and special effects , then you might not like this movie . but for us b-movie lovers , this movie is great and i would highly recommend buying it .
 If you are looking for horror , do n't bother with this film . Cohen can handle horror , but his films usually are more like comedies featuring monsters . The mutant babies are back , and this time , good guy daddy Michael Moriarty , a Cohen favorite , is trying to protect his child . Too bad Sam Fuller , Cohen favorite and weirdo director himself , could n't have been in this one , but he was in partII . If you liked Q and The Stuff , check this one out .
 The movie starts out with a young male , Dixon , -LRB- Texas Battle -RRB- strolling down the street and then he becomes abducted . He is one of several people who have been abducted and forced to wear pig head mask . As it turns out , all those who were abducted -LRB- interesting that they could get them all in one afternoon -RRB- have tried out for a reality TV show . The characters are all introduced by playing a portion of their interview tape . They will split $ 20,000 if they spend the night in THE abandoned Benneville Prison with tasks and scares provided by the producers ... and oh yes - 20 homeless people have died there recently.The cast are hand cuffed , like a chain gang , girl , boy , girl , boy , girl , boy with the black man at the end . There is an Indian -LRB- subcontinent -RRB- girl -LRB- Amara Karan -RRB- who is super intelligent and a blond -LRB- Ashley Mulheron as Shoe -RRB- who is n't . Antonia Campbell-Hughes is delightful as Angel who is a contestant who enjoys frightening the other contestants.The story goes that the warden , in order to cut costs killed 85 inmates and then later was sentenced to death himself . His soul roams the prison . Or that is at least the story they were told ... Contestants randomly select a chess piece to represent them . Tasks are assigned by a prerecorded tape based on the chess piece ... first up the white queen . While the tasks seemed to be at random , they are actually based on the interviews where the contestants disclosed their biggest fear.As it turns out there are things in the prison the producers did n't count on ... and the producers think it is just their network playing a game with them.Good acting for a B movie . The soundtrack is not overpowering , but it is effective with drum rhythms inconspicuously mimicking heart beats . The horror is mostly pyschological and not blood and guts . Yes , we 've seen this type of movie before , and I do n't mind watching them again when they are done right.F-bomb . No sex or nudity .
 the kids loved it and the movie was better than the seriesthe only thing wrong with it was one of the carters name was changed
 little one loves it , has watched it many times already . She loved the Winx series on TV and was glad to have a movie since they wo n't show on TV anymore
 I rented this for my daughter because she at one time really liked winx . She is outgrowing them now at 9 years old.I still think it is well done cartoon for girls .
 Fun Movie for Series my daughter devotedly followed with characters she identifies with an loves . She was so happy that Bloom got a chance to see her family .
 I loved watching the Winx Club on the TV , and I have watched this movie on the TV and loved it . So , when I found out that this movie was on DVD , and I wanted to get it . Also , I loved the fact that it had seven bonus episodes from the Winx Club
 MY DAUGHTER IS A BIG FAN AND REALLY LOVES THIS MOVIE ! SHE HAS WATCHED IT SEVERAL TIMES SINCE GETTING IT . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE .
 Awesome movie . I watched it with my daughter and enjoyed the show very much . Would like to know if the season 4 and 5 would be produced in English language .
 My six year old is in love with the Winx ! Believix , Enchantix , all those other ix 's , she just ca n't get enough ! I bought her this dvd for her birthday , mainly because it was not only a full length movie , but it has 7 bonus episodes from the series ! Not only does she like to watch it and have her Winx dolls act out what the characters are doing in the movie , but she 'll just lay and watch it before bed as well . Highly recommended .
 Really neat movie . Great animation and my daughter loves it . It 's one of the movies you do n't mind listening too more than once as the music is pretty good and it 's not getting on my nerves .
 My daughter is in love with the winx and have watch this movie more then a dozen times since her birthday 2 weeks ago
 I purchased this for my 4year old granddaughter 's birthday . She loved it along with all the Winx dolls that I have purchased through Amazon !!
 I love the winx club series in this movie bloom gets here realm back and here both parents it also includes 7 of the beleavix series hope those come out on dvd soon
 I bought this movie for my niece and i to watch , I have been watching Winx Club with my nieces since it first came out on Fox Kids TVI have 3 awesome nieces and have watch with each at different times since it first appeared in the USA . My youngest niece niece is who i got this movie for but i enjoyed as much as she did . This movie was fantastic it has every thing good guys and gals , as well as bad ones . Loss and tragedy and a triumphant ending . Even my mother who does n't understand &#34; Cartoons &#34; as she calls them admitted it was great and she was very teary eyed over the most up lifting scene on the movie I want say what i do n't want to spoil it for anyone else . I just wish it had not take so long to come out in the USA it was supposed to air in theaters in 2009 or 2010 i believe hopefully then second movie wont take so long .
 My daughter LOVES this show -LRB- she 's 5 -RRB- and I did n't know there was a movie until I searched ` Winx ' on Amazon . The DVD arrived quickly and she 's watched it probably 20 times in the past month .
 Buyers need to know that the dvds released by Nickelodeon and Paramount are different than the dvds that were previously realeased by 4Kids Media . It seems Nic and Paramount have secured the rights to the animation and are now shipping out the animation with a new voice cast . The names of characters and places have been changed also in the new voice dub over . We can only hope that Paramount will be able to get the back episodes of Winx to dvd , something that 4Kids has n't been able to do . Hope this info is valuable to some .
 My eight year old daughter is a huge Winx Club fan , and I 've watched all 104 episodes -LRB- to date -RRB- with her . Now - finally ! - this movie is available on DVD - and it was worth the wait ! This movie takes place immediately after season 4 ends -LRB- and before the 3D Adventure movie which is not available yet in the states but can be watched free online -RRB- and is very well done ! This story tells how Bloom found her birth parents , plus there is some relationship development between her and Sky -LRB- and Musa and Riven as well . -RRB- If you follow the show you will want to watch this movie . Very cute and very well done ! In addition to the movie the first 7 episodes from Season 4 are included on a bonus disc . Have fun watching !
 I watched the new English version on Nick.com and was suprised by a few changes in the lines . Also the unecessary bit about the Winx stating their powers during their transformation was back -LRB- which was quite off putting since during the Day of the Gifts Stella was again the fairy of the moon and sun instead of just the fairy of the shining sun as she is in the Nick dub -RRB- and Nick changed Bloom 's mom 's name.All and all it is a good movie , the effects are nice and the detail that 3D animation allows to be put into the Enchantix outfits is lovely . I just wish some of the lines and Bloom 's birth mom 's name was n't changed .
 Even though I have two boys , we have two girls the same age as them next door so my boys are constantly introduced to girly items . I do n't remember when I first heard about Winx Club but when I saw this moving was coming out I thought it looked cute . The movie is based off the television series and from what I read the animation is a little more vibrant in the movie than the traditional show . I think the movie has amazing colors and really makes the fairies `` pop ! '' The movie is a decent length -LRB- just over an hour -RRB- and you also get a second disc with seven episodes . For about $ 15 , this is a great value as you get a lot of Winx Club for your money . My boys did n't mind at all that it was a girly movie , there are some guys in the show and they were just amazed at the colors and characters . I do like though that this set includes an actual movie and episodes , whereas some sets say movie but really just include a bunch of episodes . The story is simple too , about a girl who is looking for her parents .
 There were no complaints this was definitely a cool movie to watch ! I watched via the internet and I got to have it ! : -RRB-
 I found this movie very good when I saw this movie on Nick . My only complaint is they could have made this movie longer .
 They just love the WINX club and this new video the way it is shot is much more lifelike than the regular cartoons . They really enjoyed it . WAIT THERE 'S MORE . . -LRB- LOL -RRB- It comes with an addition dvd with 7 bonus cartoons ! Luv it ! = -RRB-
 Got it for our 5 year old daughter who 's been waiting for this DVD . We both enjoy watching it . Thank you .
 I really liked this movie I like watching the winx club on tv so i thought I would like the movie to that is why I bought it .
 This was a very entertaining movie , for adults and children , even our cats loved it . I would recommend it to anyone .
 This is one of Donald G. Jackson 's best works . `` Rollergator '' is about a young girl , PJ -LRB- played by the lovely Sandra Shuker -RRB- , who finds a Baby aligator -LRB- I 'm not a Baby , I 'm almost Twelve -RRB- . She helps him to bring him back to his owner , the Swamp Farmer -LRB- played by Conrad Brooks , one of the last of Ed Woods `` Plan 9 From Outer Space -RRB- . But the fair owner Chi Chi -LRB- great
 Once again Merlin takes our notions of what the sword of Excalibur is meant for and turns it into something more powerful than just a weapon for Arthur.As with all things with the show , Merlin himself , along with the powerful magic of the Great Dragon , once again is instrumental in creating Excalibur , one of the best known symbols of Arthurian legend . Although its creation stems from the past mistakes of King Uther Pendragon . The use of a wraith , summoned by the sorceress Nimue to avenge the death of Uther 's wife Igraine , as the reason for creating Excalibur is a very novel approach for creating a weapon that is made specifically for Arthur to destroy that which is already dead.This episode more than the others shows Uther as more than just a cold-hearted king with a pathological fear of magic , but a warrior king and a self-sacrificing father . Uther is a complex man here.This is another episode that provides the origin of one more symbol for those familiar with some of the Arthurian legends -- but in its own `` Merlin-esque '' way .
 Merlin once again gives an interesting spin to pre-Arthurian Legend with Lancelot and Guinevere.Although we know Gwen -LRB- Guinevere -RRB- as a servant , a departure from the legends , we now have Lancelot being introduced as not just a commoner , but one whose heart belongs to Guinevere as only one can when `` love at first sight '' happens . Merlin is the catalyst . Lancelot saves Merlin 's life , and as thanks he wants to make Lancelot 's dream to be a knight of Camelot a reality . But Merlin also sets in motion the start of Guinevere 's and Lancelot 's romance when he enlists Gwen 's help in outfitting Lancelot to pretend he is of noble birth to gain that knighthood.This is one of those episodes that is so sweet with the tentative looks and actions of the two sweethearts , and the nobility and humility of Lancelot . Angel Coulby and Santiago Cabrera seem perfectly matched as the two lovers . The musical themes used to highlight the romance between them and the bravery of Lancelot seem to underscore those moments quite brilliantly.A very enjoyable take on the Legend of Guinevere and Lancelot .
 I just started watching this show , i love stories of swords actions and horses none of the stories of aliens or some high tech movies with those robots that is taking over the world so as i was flipping through the channel on tv i came across this show and off the bat this is my kind of show I love it . I dont know the actors so they are new to me but they are more awesome than i can imagine . I love how these actors are played out in this tv series , not too much of acting nor little but it makes me put myself into the story line . It shows the bond between to friends and their strength and weakness and like all friends -LRB- in males -RRB- there is so much pride there but in all there is love shown and how merlin and arther become the best of friends later in life . This is a story line of how arther and merlin came to be and how there friendship can over come anything . without the other its in complete . Also though in this show , arthur may seem like a jerk at times , it shows how big his heart is towards his people and what made him a great king . This is a must watch = -RRB-
 I have watched all three seasons of Merlin ... actually missed 2 or 3 of the very 1st programs before I began to watch ... so I wanted to get the 1st season of Merlin which I ordered recently . This Complete First Season is so great to watch & I know that any fan of Merlin , as I am , will love this . Thanks
 There is not much I can say that has n't already been said about this series , but I will say this much ... . it 's nice to be able to watch a fantasy-based series the whole family can enjoy . I am especially pleased with the special effects which are simply fantastic given this is a made-for-tv film.I received a complimentary copy to review .
 I really enjoyed this series . It 's kinda dated but the graphics are n't bad for the creatures they create . You kinda get the just that there will always be a problem for Merlin to fix one way or another . This show kept me interested without distracting my love for other series .
 First time ordering from Amazon.com and did n't know what to expect . I do n't have enough words to tell you how over joyed I am with Merllin . It comes in a beautiful box -LRB- a keeper -RRB- and 5 disks , I have n't finished them yet . The first two disks have so many shows and are in beautiful color . I have n't ordered season 2 -LRB- I hope it is for sell now -RRB- . You ca n't go wrong.GO FOR IT !!!!!!!!!!!! KARENp.s . Sorry about any errors .
 Why is n't Season One on Blu Ray ?? I 've been holding off buying the set anticipating but it has not come .
 My sister and I have a hard time tearing ourselves away from Merlin whenever we are able to watch it . The show is amazing ! It 's a special thing for the two of us to do together , and let me tell you , waiting for her to watch another episode with me is torturous ! I look into Colin Morgan 's eyes and all I can think is , MERLIN , I LOVE YOU . Arthur and Gaius are amazing , too , though . :] I recommend it to anyone and everyone who likes a good fantasy storyline mixed with a bit of mystery and action !
 I am not a fan of what is on regular TV any more , it 's all adult drama or full of bad influences for kids . This program is entertaining and fun and the characters are amazing ! I 'm addicted to MERLIN !
 This is a retelling of the familiar Arthur-Merlin legend in a rather unfamiliar way . At the beginning , all characters are quite different from the way they are usually portrayed -LRB- for example , prince Arthur is an ill-bred brat , Guinevere is a sweet but fickle servant -RRB- . During the show one can watch the characters develop into their ` usual selves ' , all while fun and exciting adventures happen !
 I love this show . It is funny , interesting , exciting and very very entertaining . The cast is fantastic and I highly recommend it
 I absolutely love the casting in this series . Bradley James is perfect as Arthur Pendragon . And I also love Merlin .
 I really enjoyed watching Colin as the young Merlin . Such a delight ! Loved the rest of the cast too ! I would recomment it to everyone .
 I had to have them all they was so good with so much magic and excitement ca n't wait to own the forth season .
 I think the first season of &#34; Merlin &#34; is the best one because it introduces the tale of King Arthur with an interesting modern spin that has never been done before . The acting in the show is fantastic , especially from the lead actor , Colin Morgan , who plays Merlin . I also loved the packaging for this set , as it makes it look very &#34; epic &#34; with a cardboard case that opens up to reveal a beautiful scene of the characters . The bonus features were also very fun and informative , though I did feel like some dragged a little too long .
 If you are an avid fan of sci-fi fantasy stories and films ... if you love the special effects that go hand in hand with the making of these films and stories ... if you love great stories and plots that keep you at the edge of your seat ... THIS IS FOR YOU ! It certainly is one of my favorite genres in films and series . I absolutely love the series MERLIN ... and the first season introduces you to the marvels of magic , the special effects , the glamour of a royal dynasty and the various characters . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT !!!
 I find the fantasy of the Merlin episodes fascinating . I shall collect them all for inclusion in my media library . Amazon had them to me exactly as promised & everything for my viewing pleasure , perfect .
 when i saw merlin , the first season , on amazon . com . i rushed to order it . within a few weeks they came out with episode 2 & 3 . NATURALLY I ORDERED THOSE to my surprise weeks later i was told i could per-order the 4th . season . i had to wait a time for this because it had just been put on the market , in england . wait , wait , wait , finally the 4th . season arrived . now of course i watch the 5th . season on friday evenings , at 9p . m. CST when this i beleive is the final season , i 'll be first in line to have this season as well . proves to be a great season , and with what i 've seen so far it is !
 There are a lot of TV Series out there . But this is the best on in years . It 's actors are excellent , the story lines are done well , I often find myself cringing because I really have no way of figuring out how they are going to resolve it . I 'm impressed with the good themes behind the series , the magic and the creativity . It 's also managing to be convincingly medieval , has plenty of action , love , death , fighting , etc. . . and they have n't yet ruined it with becoming immoral . It 's well-balanced and I watch every episode . It 's the only TV show I DVR if I ca n't be there . Merlin is in a league all its own .
 I love Scifi ! Do n't know what it is about this series I like so much but am very happy with my purchase ! Looks brand new :-RRB- !
 I discovered this series thanks to an article I read on -LSB- ... -RSB- . After reading the interview with one of the characters , I immediately came to amazon and ordered season 1 . Now I 'm totally hooked . I love everything about this series . I love the characters and the romance . I love the magic and the adventure . I love the writing and the acting . Like I said , I totally hooked . Now I 'm eagerly awaiting Season 2 on dvd . I ca n't wait !!!
 I missed half the first season of Merlin when it was on NBC . But I was hooked from the first show I watched . I ca n't believe that NBC is so stupid as to not pick it up for a second season - but have n't missed an episode since it was picked up by SyFi . I was happy to get the first season at a good price - BestBuy was $ 10 higher . Now I can watch the series anytime I want - even though the legend has been drastically changed for television .
 My wife and I just loved Merlin the complete 1st season.There were no pauses , stops and go irritations we have experienced in the past with other videos . We are now watching the 2nd season and as soon as it is available on DVD we want it . They should have more magical shows like Merlin . Thanks Amazon.F.M Miller , Oklahoma
 I have two kids ages 9 and 12 . Both of them , my husband and I all LOVE this show . We love the magic , mystery and midevil setting . It 's something we can all watch as a family and we all ca n't wait to see the next episode . Hence ... the reason we bought the first season ... now we can have a `` Merlin Marathon '' whenever we want !
 I enjoyed watching this video even though I have seen nearly all the episodes on TV . It does not , however , follow any of the Merlin legends I have read . That said , it 's still a good program .
 what can I say , this is one of the best tv shows they have out , I just had to have it on dvd and I can not waite for the second season to come out
 I love Merlin . It 's both funny and serious . The friendship between Merlin and Arthur is great . Waiting on season two .
 I stumbled upon this show by accident.Started watching and became addicted to it.Great storyline -LRB- King Arthur is one of my historical faves -RRB- , extremely good cast and sooooo entertaining.It just gets better and better by episode.An absolute must.Can ' t wait for season 2 to come out , so I can watch it anytime I want.I highly recommend this set for anybody who likes the King Arthur Tales and wants to see a different approach to it .
 I love Merlin so much ! I literally ca n't stop watching it , which is partially due to the episodes themselves , and partially due to the amazing bonus features on this dvd set . Audio commentaries with cast & crew , behind-the-scenes , making of , deleted scenes , video diaries ; so much awesome in one little package ! The best feature on the dvd though , has got to be the cast 's video diaries . It 's so fun just to see them living their normal every day lives , and to see how well the cast and crew really do get along ! Not disappointed in my purchase AT ALL !!
 Season one was amazing and I absolutely loved the characters , all of them . You get drawn in and you do n't want them to end .
 Love the show . Love the obvious chemistry between Arthur and Merlin and the actors who play them . The extrovert and the introvert , both needing each other . Also a great medium to talk to my sons about what it 's like to grow up to be a man . Introduces ideas about honor and friendship and kindness . Both characters grow throughout the series . Ca n't wait for Season 5 . Finally , I would watch Colin Morgan in anything . He -LRB- thought the other young actors are good -RRB- stand out as one to watch for the future .
 I love that ` Merlin ' is family friendly . If you are looking for accurate portrayals of ancient myth , this is n't for you , but if you are looking for fun stories , fun dialogue , engaging characters , and clean content , I highly recommend this series . Yes , it gets a bit silly at times , but underneath the contemporary feel of the script lies a message about tolerance , true courage , and loyalty . We are hooked , and I am just sad that I have to look elsewhere for seasons past the first one because Amazon does n't carry them ... and they are not easy to find because it is a BBC series .
 After watching the first episode of this show I was hooked . I love how the show brings to life the legend of King Arthur , his knights , and the story of Merlin . I purchased the full season as a gift after watching the show , and the person I purchased this item for loved the show too . The show is clean with no bad language , its actually a show that you could sit down and watch with children . The best part is , is that Syfy will show the latest season of Merlin in January 2012 .
 I absolutely love this show ! It has a lot to offer adventure , love , hate , revenge . A new version of Arthur and his knights , with Merlin right along side .
 I spotted the DVD in our local library last weekend . Never know what to expect and do n't recognized any of the actors . After watching the first DVD a few minutes later , we all hooked . The acting , script , story , pace , scenery , magic and everything are great . Not only we enjoyed the show , but there are lessons that we learned as well . There are so many times we laughed , especially when the dragon laughing over king Uther married a troll and the conversation at the end of each episode between Merlin and Gius . Thank you BBC for this great family show . Well done . Will definitely like to own the whole series
 Had not seen the 1st season & we were not disappointed . The stories are exciting , sometimes funny , always enjoyable . So get ready to go back in time & relive the days of Prince Arthur & Merlin as teenagers & all the many characters aroung them . Thanks Amazon for the great sale price !
 I love this program . I watched all three seasons in three days . I wish I could see episode 4 now . Sadly I 've learned it is only available in the UK . I hope they bring this show to the US .
 This high-gloss reimagining of the King Arthur legend combines many elements of the original with the best of a modern teen drama , losing no adventure in the union . By focusing on Arthur and Merlin coming of age , the creative team presents interesting tension between medieval and modern sensibilities . And unlike Thomas Malory 's classic , which reads like an outline , this version of the Matter of Britain feels both complete and detailed.Angel Coulby as young Guinevere probably stands out most among an amazing ensemble . Presenting the future queen as a servant , subject to class derision , opens the story to options it may continue to explore in future seasons . Colin Morgan 's awkward , affable , but secretive Merlin makes a good contrast to Bradley James ' outsized Arthur . Only Katie McGrath 's Morgana seems underdeveloped , mainly used as a contrast to Anthony Head 's traditionalist King Uther.The series ' episodic structure gives characters multiple dynamic opportunities to test their mettle and develop into maturity . For instance , over the arc of this season , Arthur develops humility and a willingness to sacrifice himself for those under his authority . Merlin , by contrast , learns discretion , and perhaps even more important , the art of doing right for reasons that do n't involve recognition . These lessons , while not revolutionary , at least make good drama.Playful , energetic , and brash , this series probably wo n't reinvent Arthurian mythology from the ground up , but it certainly makes a good contemporary addition to the tradition . By grabbing ahold of minor traditional details and expanding or upending them into one-hour episodes , it beautifully unpacks the mythology while creating a series that feels new . Whether you want food for thought or popcorn TV , this series may fit your bill .
 I bought this as a birthday gift and the receipent was so excited . She was overjoyed with her gift and asked if I was going to get the next season as her next gift !!
 Merlin Season 1 is a great familly show and just a great show all round . I love it and all seasons . Hope it goes on forever .
 I really love the first season . It makes you laugh and cry . The actors and actresses do a great job in bringing the characters to life . I hope they will put the rest of the seasons on instant video soon .
 We have gotten hooked on the Merlin series . We love that there is some serious conflict and lots of spell-casting , sword wielding , magical resolutions . That said be confident in watching with children -- the language is clean -LRB- but who knows what is being said in those Druid spells -RRB- and no gore . When someone dies in a battle the shot cuts away and you are left to your imagination . Thank you ! Fun character relationships , beautiful settings and costumes . Highly enjoyable family fare .
 This item arrived ahead of time and in excellent shape . Nice twist on the legend of Arthur and Merlin . If you had not read the legend before you would never know the inaccuracies the show portays . All in all it is a great show and I look forward to the following seasons . i would definitely order from this sourse again
 Arrived a week before the estimated date , so that 's a bonus . Came in a plastic wrapping , in perfect condition . And the `` Merlin '' series itself is addictive , once you get one , you will want them all !! Definitely worth it .
 This show is refreshingly exciting and adorable without being so `` family-friendly '' that it makes you nauseaus . The actors are excellent -LRB- barring the woman who plays Morgana who is one of those unfortunate actors who think you look really sincere if you move your eyebrows a lot -RRB- , and the stories are fun and reference the arthurian legends just enough to give me geeky thrills whenever I recognize a character name or a particular quest , but not so much that I already know exactly what 's going to happen . -LRB- Btw Buffy fans will recognize the actor who played their beloved Giles in the character of Uther Pendragon -RRB- The show is totally anachronistic and the humor can be juvenile at times , but it 's light-hearted and fun , so what more can you ask for from a modern fantasy ? The bro-mance between Arthur and Merlin is hilarious , and the show only improves as it gets older , so check out this season and then keep moving forward -LRB- the newest season is starting soon , so you better catch up -RRB- .
 I like this show . Yes it 's cheesy , yes some of the special effects are ... well . . bad , yes it is completely `` historically '' inaccurate . If you 're a hard core Arthurian scholar you are unlikely to enjoy the show - to say it takes liberties with the legends is putting it mildly . This is kind of `` Merlin and co. are all teenagers together '' and the show 's creators do n't seem to be concerned with being overly `` high brow . `` This is clearly a First Season . Meaning , the actors become more comfortable with their characters , scripts , and sets . Some of the episodes are a bit rough and rocky -LRB- some are downright silly -RRB- but overall its good.I find this show to be entertaining , if a bit fluffy -LRB- tho it does have its moments of depth -RRB- , and the main cast -LRB- especially Collin Morgan and Bradley James -RRB- fun to watch .
 These are the best fun filled TV shows for the family of all ages I have seen in along time . Our children from 24 yrs . down have absolutely loved these . A great show to pull the family close and enjoy .
 I really like the atmospheric and detailed settings of this series . It will really transport you and help you to immerse yourself in the premise and engage you in the story . I find the character of Merlin himself a little difficult to believe but that 's a minor issue -LRB- my wishing maybe a different actor played the part -RRB- . The show seems pointed at young adults in their 20s but has serious themes and although mostly PG , does veer into PG13 territory at times . I really like the character of King Uther , who really does make tough decisions that seem wrong but when placed in context of his duty to the kingdom , seem totally appropriate -LRB- here I disagree with others who would love nothing more than to see this character get killed off -RRB- . The music is excellent . True the special effects are n't so good at times , showing a limited budget for digital animation . But if less money there means a lower budget and possibly a longer life for this series -LRB- although I believe it is planned for a total of 5 seasons -RRB- then I 'm all for that . Enjoy without hesitation .
 For anyone who enjoys fantasy , wizards , dragons and kings , it 's just a lot of fun . The relationship between Arthur and Merlin always gives me at least one laugh-out-loud moment per show , but it also gives heartwarming moments as Arthur , the haughty prince , learns to trust and genuinely like the young Merlin , who at this point is &#34; undercover &#34; as Arthur 's serving man . Liberties have been taken with the traditional Camelot tale , but who cares ? I love the romance , the brave knights and the evil sorcerers .
 It is a great TV show ! LOVE IT !! The only thing was when I got it part of the case was cracked but that was it . Could have been the mailman 's fault but they could have packed it better . TV shows great but the packaging stinks . So be warned . Otherwise a GREAT buy !
 I 'm a Medievalist , so , on the one hand , I 'm very snooty about my arthurian reading , but , on the other hand , I like to see new masterpieces made out of older works , in the medieval style . This version of the youth of Merlin is very much in the medieval tradition , while appealing to the modern viewer . FIrst of all , it satisfies , like much popular medieval literature , the people 's curiosity about the youth of its heroes . In this way is is typical of the medieval spinoff . It also uses all the old forms of romance and fabliau , but the boys , Arthur and Merlin , are lovely . You wish they would never grow old , and the Dragon is enchanting , although gruff , at times - and who can blame him , being chained to a rock like that ! He 's much sweeter when he gets free ! The baby dragon is adorable ! The series is all together charming .
 Bought this for a family member and she just loves this series . she has already requested the rest as future gifts
 The movie came in in very good condition . I had no problems watching any of the DVD 's ; none of them were scratched or anything , and the case was also in good condition , too . And the package arrived on time
 Awesome tv show ! Being a fan of Arthurian legend , this is my favorite tv show so far . I have seen all of the seasons and highly reccomend it !
 This is a great show that definitely gets better as it goes . Yes , the CGI can be pretty cheesy at times , but I think that 's par for the course when it comes to BBC shows like this . On the plus side , they do n't happen all that often . Some people might be put off by the ` historical inaccuracies , ' but come on . You ca n't get more historically inaccurate than magic and dragons being 100 % real . It 's a fantasy show , not a documentary . Besides , a medieval plague filled ` England ' does n't sound like a very fun time.However , these supposedly new DVDs looked anything but . Bent and faded corners on both the outer sleeve as well as the DVD case itself . The discs had some minor scratches too . Considering I bought this from Amazon and not a third-party seller , I was quite surprised . The DVDs also have some problems during play . The play all feature sometimes freezes while switching from one episode to the next . One time it even caused my computer to completely crash . It 's only happened a couple of times , but if it becomes an ongoing problem I will return/sell the set and buy a new one . Fortunately there has n't been any play issues during the episodes themselves .
 I was pleasantly surprised at how much I liked this show . I think the casting is terrific and the plot is very interesting .
 Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it ! Going to buy the other seasons for Easter . Love it !
 This was bought for a 16 year old who requested it . I assume he will like it . It arrived on time .
 This is one of the best shows around ! My daughter and I look forward to watching it - not just because of the two young handsome actors playing Arthur and Merlin but because of the development of the story . Each week reveals a little more about Merlin and his destiny with Arthur . We 're excitedly awaiting Season 2 !
 Merlin
 I live in the Central US and my friends had been telling me to watch this show for months before I saw it on Tv one Saturday afternoon and absolutely fell in love with it . I ordered the DVD 's a few weeks later and got them in a timely manner . -LRB- Which is wonderful considering that most orders from other sites get lost along the way , or take a long time in general . -RRB- The extra features are very insightful and hilarious . -LRB- I just love listening to them talk < Accents ! > -RRB- I definitely would recommend this to all of my friends , I already do ! = -RSB-
 I really enjoy this show ! It 's a great British television program that is currently shown on SyFy here in the States . If you like the King Arthur legend , like me , I think you will really enjoy Merlin . It can be funny , or serious , but always smart . And it gives you a look at the early friendship between Arthur and Merlin . I know that everyone will enjoy this . Buy it !!
 This is a interesting and excellent well written and directed television series . It is a show that allows one to escape into a realistic fantasy world and watch the King Arthur legend from Merlin 's view point . The characters are well developed and Merlin and Arthur entertaining . I enjoy it as much as `` Harry Potter ''
 I like this show even better the second time around . It 's great watching it on dvd instead of having to wait each week to see what happens next . As others have mentioned it starts off a tad slow , but then most tv shows do have to take time to find their footing . Just do n't take it seriously and enjoy the ride . If you like stories about Merlin and Arthur you will probably enjoy this . My only complaint is no episode guide on the dvd . Hopefully they will correct that when the second season is finished.I enjoy the fight scenes and the ways they find for Merlin to help Arthur while still keeping his magical ability a secret .
 This is a wonderful show for both children and parents . It is a great show that gives another twist on the Arthurian legend . At first I was not sure if I would like this show at since I am deeply in love with the orginal story , but I was wrong . It is interesting to see the different twists that appeared in this show and I truly hope that the second season makes it here to the US .
 I watched this show over the summer when it aired on NBC and really enjoyed it.Not only is the story well told and just continues to build week to week but it 's filled with brilliant actors , a cast with an amazing chemistry -LRB- especially the two leads Merlin -LRB- Colin Morgan -RRB- and Arthur -LRB- Bradley James -RRB- -RRB- , and a good mix of fantasy , drama , comedy , and romance . So glad it 's finally getting noticed in US .
 This is an excellent family film which is probably why we wo n't see future episodes in the USA . I 'm thrilled that it is offered to the USA on DVD format ; however , how about keeping up with technology and offer this on Blu-Ray ? UPDATE
 This is by far one of the best TV series I have seen in a very long time . It quickly draws you into the relationship between Merlin and Arthur . You begin to see how one person can influence another for good over the long haul -LRB- and Arthur needs it -RRB- ! The relationship between Merlin and Gaius is also delightful to watch . These three actors are phenomenal and certainly carry the show . The sets are amazingly authentic ... you feel like you are right there in the middle of it all . For a TV show it is certainly beyond what I have come to expect and is great family entertainment -LRB- except for young children due to some scary themes/scenes -RRB- .
 Just had to add this to the family DVD 's after enjoying the First Season of the show . Price on this item is great . Definitely a good purchase - also will be adding Season 2 to our collection as well .
 This new production takes some liberties and fresh directions - and makes the stories live again ... great job . The BBC is definitly an a winning streak - with Merlin , Sherlock , Robin Hood , and Downton Abby - great new versions of older tales - made entrancing , fresh , and fun to watch again !!
 I discovered this series on Netflix Instant watch and was pleaseantly surprised ... The acting is very good , the story lines are well done and it is not a cheap looking made thing like so many series are . It is sort of odd that Guinievere is a maid and i like the dragon that Merlin talks to . . sort of reminds me of Dragon Heart ... anyway . . this series makes one want to keep watching ... I would say to definetly watch it . .
 Merlin is an excellent series . I just love it . Very entertaining . I have both Merlin
 Video is of good quality and it is a joy to watch this charming and different look at Merlin , the young man . We look forward to upcoming seasons .
 I really enjoyed this series , and can highly recommend it for many reasons . The music was well done and often epic enough to make people in the next room wander in asking if I was watching the lord of the rings trilogy ! The acting was overall excellent , the storylines well done and the landscapes and environments were beautiful . The special effects were a bit spotty , but this is television and there are budgets and time considerations so I was n't expecting brilliance there . Very good for tv of course . I 'd have to say that the show is probably meant for young adults , but its enjoyable if you are not expecting very intricate plots . I enjoyed season one enough to buy the second season , and that was even better.I have only one issue with season one , and you should stop here if you wish to avoid even a hint of spoilers.My only complaint with season one was how very little changed during the course of the show . There were no major relationship changes , no major revelations , no major deaths -LRB- perhaps one minor side death -RRB- . Things ` reset ' to a comfortable norm by the end of episodes , which can be rather dull after a time because you start to anticipate that new enemies do n't really mean anything , as everything will just go back to the way it was and everyone will live happily ever after at the end of it all . I 'm happy to say , this is NOT an issue in season two . If you liked season one , you will like the show even more as it progresses . I gave season one 4 stars mostly because of this , but would gladly give 5 for the next season .
 In order to a Merlin fan you need the first season DVD in order to acquaint yourself with all the key characters . A must buy . From then on you 're hooked.The writers are incredible and the actors play their parts perfectly with emotional expressions . They really care for one another . The special effects just get better as the series goes on . Season two is now available on Amazon which I will purchase on Amazon . And season three should be coming along soon . There will be a season four on TV in the fall . I ca n't wait for it .
 Merlin is awesome ! It has everything to action , adventures , suspense , and great Actor 's & Actress 's . Season One & Season Two were great and ca n't wait for Season Three . GREAT !!!!
 I just love this show ! It is the best . There is humour , magic , adventure and action !! The writers should be complimented on creating a young Merlin for viewers . The actor who portrays Merlin is extremely fun to watch on screen . He 's adorable ! Young Arthur , Morgana , Gaius , and King Uther are equally enjoyable to watch . Sorry to see Morgana become so evil , but it makes for good viewing . I hope this show goes on for a long time ! It 's one of my absolute favorites .
 I Love this Merlin Series , it is so well acted and filmed , The characters are totally believable . I wish the U.S. networks could make a t.v. drama as good as this one !!!
 My husband and I started watching merlin the first season when it was a fill in for one of our major network stations . After that , we found ways to watch this show . Even though we know the story line . . the humor and the way it is written makes it intriguing all over again.They will be going into their 4th season early 2012 . . we can hardly wait . If you liked this time period . . of knights , Kings and ... Magic . . you would love Merlin !
 I LOVE THIS SHOW !!! it is awesome I wish the second and third season were out in the US already !! This was very affordable too for a tv show season !! All in all I would recommend this show to anyone the cast is hysterical and amazing even the commentary had me rolling with laughter . Buy this it is GREAT !!
 A friend actually let me borrow the first season , and I was a little skeptical , but then WOW . The writers are excellent . The cast is lovable , and you just want to keep watching more . The biggest drawback of this show is that is is made in Europe , so you have to wait so long to see the series . It 's on it 's third season as of 29 Dec 10 , and you can only find the first on here in the states . If they would market this in the US , Im sure it would be a big hit . You actually feel like your living in the Medieval times , and the humor is awesome .
 Absolutely love this series . DVD 's are excellent and the bonus DVD has tons of great behind the scenes information for any Merlin fan . Got ta have them all !
 Admittedly , the show does start out slow , but the character development of the story , the quality of the performances , the realistic sets , and the interesting -LRB- and non-traditional -RRB- relationship between Merlin and Arthur make this series one of the BEST we 've ever watched . Our entire family LOVES it . And we wait eagerly for the next installment !
 The first season of Merlin is thrilling ! It is a wonderful stroy . Everyone would want Merlin as a friend . Prince Aurthur is very noble !
 One of the best shows I 've seen in a long time.Definitely worth your time if you want enter a captivating and mesmermising world of fantasy.This is one show that definitely deserves to be on Blu-ray though.The scenery is something to behold from the awesome castle to Morgana 's haunting beautiful eyes!It 's a travesty that there is n't a Blu-ray version available : -LRB-
 This is a great series for young or for old ! If you like science fiction , fantasy and King Arthur , this is for you . Missed this series on regular tv but found it on the SyFy channel , made by the BBC and available on Amazon for a great price ! It 's fun and the story line is well done . Bought this for myself , gave it to my 11 year old twin granddaughters who fell in love with it , and re-bought for myself ! Ca n't wait for Season 2 to come out on DVD and anxiously awaiting Season 3 on SyFy .
 Merlin is a wonderful show which the whole family will enjoy . The cast was very well chosen as each seems the finest character capable of playing the part . All are very well played and believable characters.My family and I could hardly wait to watch each episode . All the episodes very well written and extremely well performed . We can hardly wait for the second season .
 I LOVE this show !!! I study the Arthurian Legends and I do realize that this does not follow many of the same lines as other stories . But this is just plain FUN ! The characters are easy to love and the stories are enthralling . After all , The Legends are just that ~ ~ Legends , stories.Looking forward to Season 2 coming out and Season 3 starting !
 I absolutely enjoyed this show . The first episode hit on that the relationship between Merlin , the young magician , and Arthur , the prince of Camelot is essential and very important . As they meet , they both sort of hate each other , but destiny brings them together , like two sides of one coin for a reason . The first episode also made it clear that Magic is forbidden in this land , so it is intriguing to see how everything would turn out . If you give this show a chance , you will be surprised by twists and turns of the events . Unexpected story , like suspense , that 's what come to my mind . Everything in the story is important as things will come together and make more sense.The things I like the best are :1 . Great setting . The castle in this TV show is real and it 's astonishing ! It is one of the best castles in France . Some scenes also take place in Wales and the woods are so magical . I donno how they do it , but the whole setting , the nature , the castles are very mystical , fantastic and beautiful ! 2 . New actors . I hate big name actors . When I watch someone act , I do n't want to think about the actor , I want to focus on the character , and that 's what you get in this TV Show . The acting is brilliant . It is never overacted , so to keep you focused on the story . Because episodes tell the story in a fast paced manner , as there is so much to tell , the actors keep things smooth , clear and real . There are no awkward situations and the production is made to make you feel like you 're there . I found myself worrying when the actors worried , even though I knew things would turn out fine . So the emotions are definitely pass on to the viewers from the skilled actors .3 . Characters and the friendship plot . The friendship is as complicating as it is deep and also very good . We learn about the relations of Merlin and Arthur that there is love , there are difficulties , mysteries , secrets , but we also learn about friendships among the rest of the many characters in this story . They are all interconnected and deepen as the story progresses . I do n't want to spoil anything , so I wont tell you who is friend and who is a foe . One thing I will mention is that every character has demons as they also have angels in them . Things may turn out for or against their relationships towards each other , you just never know how . That 's what kept me watching this show . No one is too perfect or too evil . Everyone has flaws here , and they all react to them differently . So the show is very focused on the development of characters while keeping the whole thing fast paced and action packed . I am amazed at their abilities to do that . There must be real good writers at this show . Each character has a whole lot to reveal through their past , present and even the future . I was surprised over and over by what I could learn about certain characters with each episode .4 . The magic . The magic in this story is essential , but we also know that it is forbidden in Camelot . At first I did n't like the idea as I was too afraid that we wont see much magic happen . I was wrong . There is plenty of magic in this show . It all comes from unexpected chain of events . Also , magic is not all great . There are many who want to use it for evil , so perhaps there is a reason it is forbidden in Camelot ... 5 . Special effects . Some say the dragon in this show looks bad . I agree that it could have looked more realistic , but it is not horrible at all . In fact , it looks realistic to me . I mean , it does n't look like an animal on geographic channel , but it does look like a mystical creature we 've never really seen in life . It looks like it is done on the computer , but not to the extent that it is too obvious . You can still enjoy the dragon if you are not holding a magnifying glass in your hand trying to study its scales . The rest of the creatures and magical special effects in my opinion are great . They are just about the same as in Harry Potter movies .6 . Message on morality . Over and over I catch myself noticing good moral lessons in this show . For young people to watch this show , is not only to enjoy the story and catchy special effects , but also to learn lessons between choosing what is right in one 's life . Characters are constantly tested and at crossroads . Each decision we make matters a lot for our own future and the people we love . Morals on friendships , respect , patience , good will , forgiveness . I still remember the episode called `` to kill the king '' . It was the most amazing lesson on forgiveness I 've ever seen done on TV.Right now the show ended with the 13th episode , the last one of the first season and I can tell you , it is at its climax . The show has climbed up high in just 13 episodes . We now have more answers . We know the characters to heart , but we are also puzzled with new information given about them , as nothing is too certain and there are hidden skeletons on the closets . So that only makes things even more exciting . We also went through the pain , struggles , losses as well as joy , great friendships and miracles with these characters.As far as some complaints you may face about this show ... I 've heard people expressing lots of hateful messages , like the show looks cheap , actors are horrible , etc , etc. . . I do n't know if those people are blind , or if they even saw any of `` Merlin '' , or are they just negative trolls who know nothing but spread negativity online . Some say that the show is not as true to the original legend . But If you do n't like this interpretation of the legend , there are millions of other interpretations out there , and NO ONE really knows which one is the right one . I googles the legends of king Arthur and Merlin for weeks now and have found that no one really knows what happened . No one knows who was who 's son , wife , friend , foe ... No one knows who killed who and so forth ... There are tales and songs from everywhere saying different things . Apart from that , people also complain about the acting , and the special effects . As I am a theater actor myself , I got ta say the actors are amazing . I have yet to see anyone in this show underact or overact . And the dragon effects do n't bother me a bit , as I am too focused on paying attention to what 's going on . BBC can not put more money into this as they already have . As much as they put into this show , they did an amazing job . They keep the writing entertaining , deep and mysterious , and they keep the directing smooth , fast paces and beautiful . I have only one complaint , I want to see more !!!!! So in the end of my review , I just hope that I was able to convince some of you to watch this show , and excite you somewhat as deep as I am excited about it . I hope I helped you lose some of you concerns and questions answered . Enjoy this TV serious with a simplistic heart and it will take you on a great journey ! Cheers !
 That 's not saying much , considering that Reality TV seems to be taking over everywhere , and there is NOTHING else on this summer.It may not be THE-ABSOLUTE-BEST-THING-EVER-ON-TV-EVER !! , but this UK import is pretty darn good . Solid 4 stars . I started watching the first couple on Hulu , and now I 'm sort of hooked . I 'm usually a wait-to-see-it-on-Hulu person , but I 've been flipping on my TV Sunday nights to help get the Nielsen ratings up . I hope this show is n't cancelled , at least they finished out season 1 in the UK ! Looking forward to season 2 -LRB- i hope !! -RRB- and to seeing what these promising actors will do after this!So , 4 stars for giving me hope in scripted , serialized TV . Thank you , BBC.EDIT
 This new BBC series Merlin is one of the Best Shows I have ever watched ! I have seen every episode and I live in the US . Have downloaded and watched all the shows . The actors are great and so is Anthony Head as King Uther . Anthony Head as all recall played Giles on Buffy The Vampire Slayer . . It is filled with much magic and fun and great in my opinion for all ages but not too young for it my scare the little ones ... All the on location filming from a real castle in France and other sites in the U.K. are amazing . This is a must see series to watch . I have read that it is supposed to be broadcast here in the US soon maybe and will be released on DVD but not known if it will be in Region 1 for US . . If you can find it on the internet and download all the episodes and watch as you are drawn into the story wanting to watch again and again to find out what Meriln 's destiny is ... and best of all when you download them . . No Commercials !! YEA !!!
 I confess that when I first heard of this BBC import I had no intention of watching it . For starters , it deviated too far from the standard Arthurian legends . And when I heard about CG dragons and pseudo-medieval costuming I decided it would be a total dud.I could n't have been more wrong . The series is absolutely delightful , in spite of minor flaws like occasionally sketchy plots and dialogue . It was clearly aimed at young viewers -- perhaps the early to mid-teen set -- but surprise , surprise ! It has garnered a devoted adult following , to which I now belong . A lot of this is due to the charm of the -LRB- mostly youthful -RRB- cast , a bunch of attractive newcomers who overcome the periodic silliness of the storylines with their genuine acting chops and ability to swashbuckle with just the right amount of aplomb combined with humor . A degree of gravitas is provided by Richard Wilson as the court physician Gaius and Anthony Head as a narrow-minded , stern -LRB- nay , hard-assed ! -RRB- King Uther Pendragon , and John Hurt , who voices the clairvoyant old dragon chained beneath Uther 's castle at Camelot . But the lead actors -- Colin Morgan as young Merlin and Bradley James as Prince Arthur -- undoubtedly steal the show.In this non-conventional take on Camelot , Prince Arthur is something of an arrogant bully with a heart of gold , who becomes genuinely fond of and dependant upon Merlin , the gawky , bumbling , admittedly adorable youth he takes as a manservant . What he does n't yet know is that Merlin is a gifted sorcerer , who must conceal his abilities because King Uther has outlawed -LRB- on pain of death -RRB- the practice of any form of magic . In spite of the royal ban , it is Merlin 's destiny -- as Gaius and the imprisoned dragon repeatedly assure him -- to look after Arthur , protect him from harm , and make certain that he survives the sniping of his enemies to become king of Camelot someday . The job is n't always a picnic ; Arthur can be a pain in the royal butt at times , and his prowess as a warrior places him in constant danger . Merlin -LRB- whose blue eyes turn CG gold when he performs magic -RRB- is periodically aided by other inhabitants of Camelot , most specifically Morgana -LRB- Katie McGrath -RRB- , Uther 's beautiful ward , and Guinevere , known as Gwen -LRB- Angel Coulby -RRB- , who is Morgana 's maid . All in all the cast appears to to having a grand old time with this morphed rendition of the King Arthur story , and they clearly have an excellent chemistry with one another . As the New York Times quipped , this is Camelot in the Age of Obama
 I confess that my first reaction was scholarly dismay but once you realize this is entertainment NOT an attempt to accurately represent the original Arthur -LRB- which is impossible anyway -RRB- it 's wonderful ! It 's beautifully done , wildly entertaining and the twists and turns on the legend are really amusing . The DVD ca n't come out fast enough !!! And I do hope NBC will run the new season soon .
 This is one of the best tv shows around . It takes place when Merlin and Arthur Pendragon were young men in Camelot.Plot . . Merlin has magical powers and arrives at the city of Camelot , after his mother arranges for him to become an apprentice of Gaius . He discovers that the king , Uther Pendragon , has outlawed magic and has imprisoned the last dragon deep under the city . The dragon informs him that he Merlin has an important destiny to protect Uther 's son , Arthur , who will bring forth a great Kingdom . When he meets Arthur for the first time he discovers that he is arrogant and a bully , but after he saves Arthur 's life , he is reworded with a job in the Royal Household as Arthur 's manservant , and they become close friends . Arthur is unaware of Merlin 's magical ability , as Merlin has to keep it a secret or face execution at the hands of Uther . Morgana is Uther 's ward with the power of prophetic foresight , which frightens her and which she keeps secret . Gwen is her maid servant and close friend . The first series focused on the development of Merlin and his friendship with Arthur . The second series focuses more on development of the other cast members . Some of the central themes of the series are the budding romance between Arthur and Gwen and Morgana 's struggle to control her powers . Other characters from Arthurian legend have appeared . Lancelot longed to become a knight , but unable to do so because of his birth as a commoner . Mordred has appeared as a Druid boy who formed a bond with Morgana -LRB- In some legends he is Morgause 's son -RRB- and it has been predicted by the dragon that Mordred will be the cause of death of Arthur -LRB- In legend this occurred at the Battle of Camlann -RRB- Mordred and the Great Dragon refer to Merlin by his Druidic name , Emrys -LRB- the Welsh form of Ambrosius -RRB- ; Abrosius Aurelianus was a historical figure whom Geoffrey of Monmouth partially merged with Merlin , Excalibur is an ordinary sword that becomes enchanted by the Great Dragon.Cast are , -LRB- Merlin , `` Collin Morgan '' -RRB- -LRB- Arthur , `` Bradley James '' -RRB- -LRB- King Uther , `` Anthony Head '' -RRB- -LRB- Morgana , `` Katie McGrath '' -RRB- -LRB- Gwen , `` Angel Coulby '' -RRB- -LRB- Gaius , `` Richard Wilson '' -RRB- -LRB- The Great Dragon , `` Voiced by John Hurt '' -RRB- This series aired in 2008 in the UK and 2009 in the US season 3 is being filmed in England and in France .
 I have a region-free DVD player , so I purchased this in region 2 from Amazon UK . So , assuming the US release will be the same , this DVD not only contains 13 exceptionally good episodes but lots and lots of interesting extra features that will bring you up close and personal with the utterly CHARMING stars of this great show.I say great , because season 1 of Merlin -LRB- comparing it to the other recent family-friendly BBC shows that I 've seen -RRB- is orders of magnitude better than Robin Hood , and solidly better than season 1 of Doctor Who . The stories , while not especially complex , are very entertaining and colorful , and the fresh , young actors are all really fantastic finds . I would say that Bradley James as Arthur slightly edges out the rest to be the best of the lot , and Colin Morgan is so fascinating you ca n't take your eyes off him . The writing is fast and witty with lots of humor and some surprising depth . And the castle is real!So , season 1 of Merlin is most definitely worth buying , keeping , and watching more than once.Oh , but wait until you see what 's coming next ! Also via Amazon UK I also have Merlin season 2 . And if season 1 is great , season 2 is utterly fantastic !! I wo n't say too much or give anything away , but I will say this
 My kids and I love this show ! The relationship between Merlin and Arthur is humorous and yet full of depth and magic in itself . The special effects are very good for a television show , but more importantly this is a character driven adventure that is well written and FUN !
 Love , love , love Merlin - I 'm late to the fan club but I caught a marathon on Syfy channel and have been hooked ever since ! I love the actors , the stories , the comedy , the special effects , superb job all around . In particular , Colin Morgan as Merlin is fantastic and Anthony Head is someone you love to hate as Uther . The Dragon made me laugh more than once - I just loved his attitude and I even understood his act of revenge at the end of Season 2 . I also REALLY like the way the Arthur/Gwen story has developed - Season 1 , he did n't pay her any mind and you can tell there was a concerted effort to make Gwen as plain Jane as possible while Morgana was a stunning beauty . Season 2 , you notice that Gwen looks more attractive but Arthur does n't notice the beauty , he notices the courage -LRB- when she saves his life -RRB- and her intelligence , spunk and wisdom when he stays in her home . The point is that the story of Arthur & Gwen always revolves around a love at first sight kind of meeting but I think the way the writers have chosen to tell the story , is more meaningful and a great twist on a timeless love story . A powerful and handsome man like Arthur can have any beauty in the land on his arm but as we see him grow from an arrogant boy into a more humble and considerate prince , his perspective about true beauty changes as well and I love it . They 've managed to take Arthur from someone you 'd despise in the first few episodes to someone you admire because he is kind and gentle , he has a good heart and is trying to learn how to be a benevolent ruler.Even though I was able to watch all of the episodes for free -LRB- either on Syfy or youtube -RRB- , it 's really saying something that I want to purchase the series to have in my collection ! -LRB- that 's a damn good show ! -RRB-
 I love this show . It 's about time there is something quality on television , instead of the reality garbage we ca n't seem to get rid of . I love the storyline , I love the acting , I love the lessons taught in each episode . Some of the episodes/monsters may be too scary for younger children . However , I am eager to make this series a part of my home collection ! I 'd feel very comfortable with my teenagers watching these . It 's nice to have something entertaining to watch that leaves a smile on your face when you 're through . You do n't have to worry about language , sex , etc. in this show . I ca n't wait to see more ! Kids and adults alike will enjoy this show . If you 're looking for something for your family , this is it .
 I bought this DVD for my best friend who is a big fan of the show and she loves it . Received it in great condition and I am happy with this purchase !
 It was very easy ordering this product . It was Amazon how fast it was delivered .
 I love this show . The dynamic between Merlin and Arthur is classic . You can see the lifelong friendship forming . Merlin is such a lovable character , you really connect with him as a person . There are little moments between Merlin and Arthur that just show a bond that was almost immediate , like brothers between them . There are many little moments in the show that make it seem like real life with a twist of magic .
 This series has an excellent cast , is suitable for all ages and the filming is comparable to movie theatrical productions . I would reccomend it to anyone who enjoys the Arthurian Legend and a bit of magic .
 I did n't knew it . . I so happy buy it . I very good season . I still waiting season 2 . Cindy
 Just as described . Perfect condition and arrived within the estimated time frame . Will shop again from this buyer . Very satisfied customer .
 i like amazon because they take care of they castomers who buy they products amazon and they do n't let know boby do you wrong becase it not was you want they will not let them send it to you oh yes and when you gone get merlin 3 think you
 I watched Merlin on American TV , not the BBC America channel . Loved it . Looked for it to be available on DVD . Found it was only available in European format . Waited some more . Finally it was available . Asked for it for my birthday . Got it . 5 DVDs . Funny . I did n't remember season one being that long . It was n't . Discs 1 & 3 begin with LONG ads for -LRB- 1 -RRB- Robin Hood and -LRB- 3 -RRB- Dr. Who . I 'm used to ads on American movies , but it 's always possible to skip them by going to the menu or some such . No way here . You CAN NOT skip the ads . I did mute the sound . I might have to watch them , but I do n't have to listen to them . Only 3 episodes on discs 1,2 , and 3 . There are 4 episodes on disc 4 and NO episodes on disc 5 . I loved the series . I love it still , and , even knowing what I do about British marketing bs , I 'll still buy season 2 when it 's available . But I do n't appreciate `` 2 entertain `` s -LRB- more like `` 2 ANNOY `` s -RRB- blatent attempt to lure customers with the ad `` 5 DVDs '' when 13 episodes plus `` special features '' would be on either 3 , or no more than 4 DVDs had the series been an American one .
 Really nice series except it really needs a spell to transform Gwenevere into a pretty woman . No disrespect for her quality as an actress but her look is seriously challenged ...
 Watched all three seasons on TV -LRB- Syfy -RRB- and then bought DVDs to watch again . Well written family show that can be enjoyed by all ages . Just too bad we have to wait so long for the newer seasons .
 This is probably getting a little boring with me and my positive attitude on Merlin but believe me I would not have purchased all 3 seasons available if I was ` nt sure it was a program I would watch more than once and lend to family members who also enjoy it.Thank You
 What the creators lacked in funds they made up for in story line . The effects are a bit cheesy . And sometimes the acting is overboard . However , the story is amazing . This is not your typical King Arthur/Merlin story.If you like magic , action , knights tales , or a love stories , check this out.You begin to follow Merlin at a young age , through him finding his abilities , and saving Prince Arthur many times secretly as he can not reveal who he is.The story constantly goes off on its new path , reinventing major parts to suit the TV show , which which actually really works well for the show.So you will certainly never be bored because you feel like `` youve seen this before '' . The characters are awesome , especially Merlin & his guardian , Gauis .
 Excellent series ! Early to bed am I so I missed out on this great series , no more though ! I 've got all the season 's including the pre-order for season 4 . Thanks Amazon !
 I absolutely love this show and has watched seasons 1-4 several times already . I ca n't get enough of the well-rounded characters , the storyline of King Arthur , Merlin , Genevieve , and Camelot . I mean this show has it all , Knights of the round table , sorcery , black magic , flying dragons , and many other creatures that goes bump in the night . The writing is awesome , and the show never fails to draw me in week after week dying to know what happened next . I can not say this about very many shows today . Merlin is now going into it 's fifth -LRB- 5th -RRB- season and it still has me wanting to see more of it , hoping that it wo n't ever end . I was never really into Harry Potter , Legend of the Seeker , or Games of Thrones -LRB- which is pretty good -RRB- but Merlin is in a league all by itself and I 'm loving every minute of it .
 this show gives everyone access to the legend of Camelot . It 's just fun watching and always leaves the viewer with hope for a better world .
 I was so happy to receive this item . It is a great show with very talented and loving actors/actresses . In this first season of Merlin they will take you on an enchanted journey of a young man getting to know of his destiny . He will find few friends that he can trust with his secrets . His taken under a wing of his new mentor to learn how to control his magic and when/how to use it best . The story is wonderfully acted and flows with much excitement . I believe if you enjoy Medieval or magical elements brought to life in your shows then you should definitely purchase Merlin ! Great item , great show , all around one of the best items I have purchased on Amazon.com . Also received in great condition and timely delivery . Arrived in perfect shape , looked brand new like seller said it would . That is all I 'm going to tell you about this item so if you wish to know how the entire first season plays out then you will have to get your own copy from Amazon.com ! : -RRB-
 I thoroughly enjoyed this series . It has everything you could want in a Merlin/Arthur adventure
 Merlin as a young man in service to the future King Arthur.Good acting , interesting storyline , good entertainment.Stongly advise purchase of the entire set
 An excellent family based show with strong production values and a solid cast . I predict great things of the lead , Colin Morgan . Sufficiently deep to satisfy adult viewers and understandable for younger viewers , the plots are entertaining and fresh .
 Merlin is an awesome show and I watch it weekly and I ca n't wait for all the seasons to be on Amazon
 You know , the SyFy channel has had wicked awesome series , Merlin , being my favorite at this time . I just feel sick when they CAN all of the good stuff our syfy friends come to love . Andromeda ... Stargate Universe was the last one they canned that `` hurt my feelings and ticked me off '' ! Merlin is on a roll , but it is said to be the last season ! WHY ?!?!?!? I just do n't get it . The channel gets something really interesting going and them BAM ! I ca n't see it anymore as my provider does n't carry it ? I missed so much of Merlin last year it was heart wrenching . I am glad to see that I am able to purchase all of the DVD 's ... . hurry up tax refund ... I got ta have these !!!
 This is one of my favorite shows that i can watch with the kids and hubby . Great series - wish they made more than 5 season .
 I was really skeptical when I first decided to watch Merlin . It was only because I keep hearing about how great it was that I finally gave it a chance , and am I glad I did . I watched all 5 seasons in the span of about 2 weeks . About 4 episodes in to this season , I was hooked . Yes , it 's a little cheesy . Yes , the writing and special effects could be better . But , nothing compares to the relationship of Arthur and Merlin . Seriously one of the best OTP 's out there . They annoy the hell out of each other , are constantly chastizing and goofing about the other . But , that 's what brothers do . When the time comes , they would do absolutely anything for each other . If you can manage to get past the service flaws , I think everyone would really enjoy this show . It truly has an amazing heart and you will fall in love with these two .
 This first season is a delight ! The extra disc on making of the series is informative and captures exciting material . If you like the series , you will get so much more from the supplement .
 This is a very nice show , the humor and story line are well written . The constant going back and forth between Merlin and Arthur is very funny .
 I love anything King Arthur or Merlin but I had my doubts about buying this series unseen . I was hooked after the very first program . It 's a different twist on the whole story we 've heard a million times but is has all the same elements and kind of shows you how things evolved -LRB- i.e. Avalon , Lady of the Lake , the Sword in the Stone , Morgana , etc. -RRB- . They even got Mary Stewart 's Crystal Cave in one of the shows . It 's well written and acted . Well worth the money for the whole series .
 Great not to have to hear vulgarity or see expicit sex scenes . The acting is great and the action is riveting . Love the show !
 This show had me hooked from the beginning and had continued to enchant me ! I ca n't wait to own Season Two ,
 I bought this for my 9 year old grandson who is totally hooked on the &#34; Merlin &#34; tv show . Great DVD set .
 I 'm glad I found this.Merlin is a great show & I 'm glad to see a 3rd season . Keep the DVD 's coming !
 I was off one evening and ended up fliping channels and found Merlin a show from the BBC . I have been hooked ever since . The story focuses on young Merlin , kind of like a young Clark Kent in Smallville . I have had no interest in Merlin or King Arthur in the past but you do not have to be familiar with the story to enjoy this dragon 's tail . The only thing that would have made this DVD set better is an Episode book with pictures of the cast members with their names . Trust me you will want to know who they are . The last DVD , that has extras on it , does introduce the cast but it would be nice to have something printed before watching the episodes . The only other suggestion I would make is to make the series longer . It is a 5 disc set but only 12 or so episodes for the entire season . I can not wait for the release of seaon 2 . I have my pop corn and rasinettes ready to go .
 This is a great BBC production , suitable for all ages . We are seniors and ca n't wait to see next season . In the meantime we are enjoying the first season on the CD saet we purchased on Amazon.Please keep it on SyFy too !
 We like the legend of King Arthur . This is a fabulous show and great new take on the beginning of Arthur and Merlin . Each show adds to the character depth and you can see how the experiences are changing Arthur and Merlin . They do not portray choices as simple black and white and mistakes are made with consequences . We find it interesting that both start out young as we are used to seeing Merlin -LRB- in other stories -RRB- as a much older . Our family watches this show together and first caught it on Scifi channel . I was quite happy to see Anthony Head -LRB- who we also loved as Giles -RRB- in a key role , albeit an imperfect king Uther . I personally like the fact that the female characters are also strong and not just damsels in distress.We bought the first season and will buy the second when available . I kind of wish it was available in blu-ray but it looks good on our large screen in it 's regular format . We also enjoyed the special features .
 Merlin series is wonderful , and has your attention for every minute . Beautiful cinematography , and the stories are magical .
 Truly well written , Actors all give their characters substance and passion . I am more than entertained it brings to one 's mind what might have been . History and the arts are never far from the truth .
 An amazing series about the adventures of young Merling and Arthur that will have you hooked from the first episode , and each one just gets better . Totally recomended !! FANTASTIC !! And Amazon , plese hurry up and put on sale season 2 !! : -RRB- And can not wait for season 3 this fall ! : -RRB-
 This British series was well worth waiting for on DVD ! I had seen it on TV and was delighted to finally see that it was available for my permanent collection.Lots of fun and hope to see Season 2 soon .
 Bought this because my husband and I got caught up in the series on television and wanted to have unanswered questions filled in for us . Many of our questions did not get answered and it seems like the story was just kind a `` started '' out of nowhere . We are still glad we bought it but would rather have just rented it or bought it second hand .
 This was a surprisingly good show . I was actually expecting something a bit more cheesy , but I was pleasantly surprised . I really hope season 2 becomes available in the U.S. soon .
 A friend suggested this show so we have watched much of Season 1 and I 've found it captivating . I 'm a fan of `` The Sword of Truth '' books if not the rather sad TV series by the same name . This series is head and shoulders above the TV series of Sword of Truth and captured and held my full attention from the beginning . If you 've enjoyed Harry Potter or the Sword of Truth books you will enjoy this one as well.The acting , scenery , directing and costumes are convincing and satisfactory . While there may be some casting questions those are of little enough significance to not compromise the total quality of the series . I recommend this series to any fan of the fantasy genre .
 I bought this for my son for his birthday . Needless to say this is what he 's been watching ever since -LRB- Sept 17 -RRB- . I plan on getting the next 3 seasons for Christmas . He love shows with magic , mythical beings , and a good story line all of which the Merlin shows offer with little to no unwanted `` adult '' situations .
 Merlin is a great show . It is fun and can be suspensfull . Acting and scenery take you back in time and place . A different perspective of the King Author tale . I recommend this to anyone for fun entertainment . Very appropriate for members younger age group and also enjoyable if you are not .
 I cant get enough of this series . I will buy the whole series and watch again and again . I would recommend this video for anyone that is interested in King Arthur and the magic of that time .
 I love everything British and am a fantasy freak ! Camelot is one of my favorite musicals so it 's no wonder that Merlin is so enjoyable . It 's so entertaining because of the great blend of comedy , drama , special effects and a wonderful cast . I also enjoy the relationship between Arthur and Gueneviere - a bit of a twist from the musical .
 The Merlin series is a fun way to escape into the world of kings , wizards and dragons without leaving your comfort of your home . It has some humor , romance and magic for all ages to enjoy . It was very interesting to find out that the shots and some of the scenes were filmed at Pierrefond , an existing castle in France . I ca n't wait for the season to start again on the SYFY channel .
 I caught this show on a whim . I was at home on a Saturday night and flipped on BBC America . They are currently into the second series -LRB- that 's a season Stateside -RRB- and I was immediately taken in . I proceeded to play `` catchup '' and enjoyed it so much that I broke down and decided to add this to my DVD collection!Now I am not claiming that this an artistic exercise of the highest order or anything , but Merlin makes for a straightforward , entertaining evening in . If you like your medieval adventures , fun light and relatively family-friendly , than this is the show for you .
 We got hooked on the third season of Merlin . Having DVDs of the earlier seasons is wonderful -- makes a pleasant evening activity .
 I have to say I love this show , I 'm addicted to Merlin ! I remember the first time I watched the show I was hooked right away . The story starts out with Merlin coming to Camelot for his Mother sent him to stay with the court Physisian Giaus an old man who knows much of magic , which the king has forbidden . Upon meeting Arthur , Merlin talks back to the rude Prince who Merlin decides is a brat and the two end up dueling . As the story progesses Merlin learns he is destined to help Arthur become a King that will bring back magic and has to secretly use magic to save Arthur countless of times , allthewhile Arthur unaware . Merlin , who becomes Arthur 's personal servent , begins to see a side to Arthur that is both loyal and kind and begins to see he is a Prince worthy to be King . So While the two started off hating one another , due to always being together their relationship begins to grow into a friendship so strong , I call it ` Bromance ' . This is my favorite show , and I believe anyone who watches it will love it ! The relationship between Merlin and Arthur alone makes this show , but for those who need more every episode is filled with excitment , adventure , magic and hummor !
 I think this show is hysterical . The interaction between Arthur and Merlin always makes me laugh . This has easily become one of my favorite shows .
 Channel surfing late one Friday night with only reality shows to watch -LRB- ugh -RRB- , there it was , MERLIN !!!!!! I became totally enchanted . The superb actors bring to each and every scene that special something as they entwine themselves in their relationships . Its just awesome !!! I have gotton soooo many people hooked on this show . We NEVER want it to end . This show NEEDS to be on a main network station ... it is just toooo darn good to show up here in the US on the SYFY channel at such a late hour . So if you actors are reading this , thank you so very much for bringing this fine show to this Grandma ... I LOVE IT !
 This needs to be prefaced with a warning . If you can not bear to see the Arthurian myth put in a blender on frappe , you will absolutely hate this . Merlin and Arthur are the same age , Uther is still alive , Gwen is a black peasant girl , Morgana is Uther 's ward and of no relation to Arthur at all , Mordred is a random Druid boy , and Lancelot is hispanic . The costumes are anachronistic and the architecture is freaking Gothic.That said , as a show all by itself , I am absolutely in love with Merlin . Every single actor clearly loves his or her own character . The inter-character chemistry is amazing and real . There is humour enough for everyone . The fighting scenes are imperfect and mysteriously lacking in any blood ever , but still good fun to watch.So if you can put aside the original mythology and suspend disbelief , this is a fantastic series that I would recommend to anyone , and is appropriate for just about every age group .
 Much in the vein of the currently-popular franchise `` re-boot '' idea , Merlin
 There is just something about this show that never fails to put a smile on my face . The interactions of the characters/actors are so wonderful and they have such obvious chemistry , you ca n't help but adore them . Often , in a story of this genre -LRB- especially with TV shows -RRB- , I would be concerned about the risk of cheese factor , melodramatic dialogue , etc. but Merlin falls victim to none of the standard problems . The writing is clever and mature , the direction and visuals lovely , the costume and set design fantastic and the performances are just superb.To be honest , I watched the pilot of this series expecting not to care for it . So when I ended up getting completely hooked within the first 15 minutes -LRB- from Merlin and Arthur 's first meeting -RRB- , it was a truly welcomed surprise . Yes , some drastic changes were made from the original legends ... Merlin is actually a couple of years younger than the prince rather than old man with a long beard , and becomes his incredibly cheeky personal servant . Arthur starts out as an arrogant jackass who likes to give poor Merlin a hard time while still becoming close to him , which makes their relationship both entertaining and endearing . The future queen Gwen is thus far a servant girl to the Lady Morgana , and the romance between her and Arthur is slowly and believably developed ... and so on and so forth . However , it does n't matter that they 've taken creative liberties with the story - the fact is , they 've done it extremely well . It 's very tastefully constructed and while a unique approach to the ancient story , manages to hold true to it in its own way.The one and only thing lacking in this show is the special effects when it comes to any monsters or magical creatures , which are fairly low budget and old school . However , I 'm able to easily get past that aspect since everything else is so very well done and they do n't overdo the monsters , so it 's not too often that it 's brought to your attention . Everything else feels like a high budget epic.As for the DVD release itself ... it 's a must-have if you want to be as entertained by the cast members as by the characters they play . The many commentaries , behind-the-scenes features and especially the cast diaries are not to be missed ... they will make you envious that you were n't there to join in the fun . The bottom line ? This box set is absolutely worth your money , so go for it .
 I just found this series a few weeks ago on the Scyfi channel . The whole day was spent showing all the season 1 episodes but i only caught the last 4 . I am now watching season 2 and I love it . It reminds me alot of Smallville which I also just recently discovered in the last year and had to go out and buy all of the seasons on DVD and Blu Ray . This is such a good show especially considering all the stupid crap thats on TV these days . I hope the BBC continues to make the series and I hope the SciFy channel continues to show it here in the US .
 For anyone who was wondering , the person responsible for putting up a preview image of the current British TV series Merlin apparently put up an image from another Merlin TV movie / miniseries . But the episodes themselves are the correct ones from the current TV series , and all other information associated with each episode is correct as well .
 I LOVE this series ! I honestly did not think that I was going to enjoy it at first , but as I kept watching I found myself getting more and more interested in the plot as well as more and more attached to the characters ! The actor that plays Merlin is very lovable and entertaining ! He does a great job ! I would definitely recommend this series to people that enjoy good character , morals , and a little bit of magic ! = -RSB- Cons
 This is an amazing show . I stated watching it some years back and I still never miss a single episode . If I did then i would blow up . I do have to admit that the first few episodes are not as good at all in comparison to any . If you like drama syfy magic British shows an such u will find this amazing . This is also a great funny show -LRB- in season 2 3 and 4 especially -RRB- i cant wait till the 5th -LRB- but the amount of time it is taking to air the 5th is going to kill me -RRB- Every single person i have recommended it to so far , has loved it . If u want a great , funny , midevil , or Britsh show , this is the show for you.Episode List : -LRB- 13 episodes per season -RRB- Episode 1 ~ Dragon 's CallEpisode 2 ~ ValiantEpisode 3 ~ The Mark Of NimuehEpisode 4 ~ The Poisoned ChaliceEpisode 5 ~ LancelotEpisode 6 ~ A Remedy To Cure All IllsEpisode 7 ~ The Gates Of AvalonEpisode 8 ~ The Beginning Of The EndEpisode 9 ~ ExcaliburEpisode 10 ~ The Moment Of TruthEpisode 11 ~ The Labyrinth Of GedrefEpisode 12 ~ To Kill The KingEpisode 13 ~ Le Morte d'Arthur
 I was hesitant about Merlin at first , so i began watching in a moment of sheer boredom ; however , after the first episode , i was completely into it . The acting was awesome . They give just enough without overdoing it and it being fake . Every episode leaves you mentally begging for the next episode . There is so much suspense , hilarity , romance , and chivalry . Finally , a show about young people that is not filled with bad language and sexual innuendos in every other line . I hate when i miss an episode and i ca n't wait for season 4 to be released so i can watch the two that i have missed .
 I greatly enjoy this series and enjoy their take on the Arthurian legend . I appreciate getting to know Morgana before she becomes evil , it really makes me wish she will stay good -LRB- also nice to see a woman best a man every now and again -RRB- .
 The product was partially damaged but I got a response quickly and was sent a replacement . The replacement came back very quickly and was in great condition !
 Merlin is a modernized version of the Arthurian legend . By modernized I mean they changed the characters dramatically from the old legend so that we , the people of the 21st century , can relate to and sympathize with . This show is definitely not for Arthurian purists , but it 's an addictive fun watch for those of us who like to suck up to fantasy tales with handsome gallant princes and magical beasts.Merlin the protagonist became the dorky dweeb with a kind and responsible heart instead of the all-wise , all-knowing old gray wizard we knew about . He 's the your-average-geek with elvish ears , high cheekbones and mystical blue eyes . Prince Arthur is the typical kind of school bully , who also looks very much like a high school jock -LRB- although obviously much older -RRB- , with record-setting sexist blond hair of any Arthur in any on-screen I 've ever seen -LRB- and believe me I 've seen quite a lot -RRB- . Morgana is the fashionista with attitude , or , in modern terms , the perfect feminist ; she 's beautiful , she 's a fighter , and she 's not afraid to speak her mind and constantly go against daddy tyranny -LRB- what girl would n't look up to her ? -RRB- and finally Guinevere is the down-to-earth schoolgirl who also can stand up for herself . Lancelot is the down-to-earth sweet guy that 'd be your kind of perfect date.So basically , the addiction comes from the fact that we see these kinds of people every day . It 's almost the Merlin version of Shrek , slightly less cheesy . But the good news is that these actors all know what they 're doing . The cast is composed of mostly brand-newcomers but they are indeed very talented , especially Colin Morgan -LRB- who plays Merlin -RRB- , and Bradley James -LRB- who plays Arthur -RRB- , both of them thankfully have most of the screen-time . As the show moves on we discover that Merlin is n't as geeky as he looks , and Arthur can very much be princely when it matters . Those two steals the show , and their chemistry -- some call it gay some call it bromance -- however you interpret it , is torching.The older cast is not bad either . Dear Giles from Buffy turns into his dark side . But you ca n't quite state whether he is good or evil . Mostly what you can say is he 's `` wavering '' like any sort of politician with massive power . Gaius became the mentor of the show , not only mentoring Merlin but Uther also . Well , you always need a good mentor to get the show going , I guess.The show is with many plot holes , something they need to work on for future seasons . but season two is definitely better in terms of character development -- their strongest quality with this showSo with all that 's said , I 'm going to start the `` rant '' -- the one thing that I think the show can do without : The cast choice of GwenThe problem : I 'm sorry to say this but Angel Coulby is really a miscast . Casting her as the future queen of England is wrong on so many levels that it 's distracting to say the least . Many have complained that the actress is , let 's face it , simply not attractive to match for the magazine model Arthur . Some people have tried to defend her by accusing perfectionist -- that it 's good that they casted people without perfect looks . Puh-leaze , why then make Arthur a hottie ? Other people say she is pretty you 're just used to European beauty . Even if that 's true -LRB- believe me it 's not , she would n't have been any prettier if she were white -RRB- , it 's still such a pain to have to hypnotize myself into denial of her -LRB- un -RRB- beauty.But I do have to say that this is not the main problem I have with her . My problem is the fact that the maker of the show is trying to do the overkill Cinderella story -LRB- which in my opinion is not only a naive way of looking at relatinships , but believe me it never works -RRB- WITH race . They casted a whitest white guy you could find , with blond hair blue eyes , and attempt to match her with a black girl . The whole message is literally screaming out
 After seeing season one and now following season two , I must say this series totally grows on you ! It 's entertaining , funny , romantic , dramatic and with plenty of actions ! If you like arthurian legends or just a good medieval story , watch Merlin and you wo n't be disappointed ! I can only hope the DVDs will soon be released in the USA !
 I hope NBC picks up season 2 of this fantastic show and also that it becomes available on DVD in the US . I 've caught almost every episode on tv so what I have missed I watched on line , thank God for the internet . The show , actors , staging , sets and stories ... it truly is the best .
 Merlin was the best TV show I have seen in a very , very long time . Season 1 has me ready for more . I 'm a Harry Potter fan so at first Merlin was a little take on Harry to me , but as the series progressed he became a completely separate character . Each episode grabbed your interest from the very beginning and kept it throughout . The commercials were unbearable for me so I 'll really enjoy seeing this again when it is released on DVD . I enjoyed the absence of modern day programs with their swear words and sexual inuendos . This program was a pure pleasure to watch . I feel it was pure fantasy and pure fun . I would advise parents to watch with their kids to explain Merlin 's magic . Thanks BBC for this program , thanks NBC for airing it !
 That is the only way to put this show into words . We fell in love with it from the moment we saw it . It 's extremely well written and very different from anything I 've seen on TV before . Rob Lane does an amazing job with the music for the series as well .
 `` Merlin
 I hope directors , producers etc `` get the message '' -- this is an example of great story telling without the sex , foul language , etc that is so common . . Merlin just focuses on an excellent plot and character development . I have seen all seasons available thus far and ca n't wait for new episodes -- Well done to the writers and cast !!!
 It has been many years since I 've become &#34; addicted &#34; to a television show , but Merlin got me , and got me good . If you are a fan of anything to do with the Arthurian Legend , you will enjoy this show . It does not strictly adhere to the legend , but rather puts its own take on events , characters and places within the context of the legend . What has entertained me the most with this series is the excellent acting from the ensemble cast of relatively unknown actors , in particular Colin Morgan as Merlin himself . The writing can be suspect at times , but the acting more than makes up for those lapses . The settings and special effects do well to keep the fantasy in tact . I have enjoyed this show form beginning to end , and am sorry that it has come to an end . I know I will wear out my DVDs watching whenever I need a Merlin fix !!
 I have to say that my son and I have watched all the seasons . We just love this show . I bought this for my nephew for Christmas . They had never seen it before and he just loves it . Gets the kids away from those darn games for awhile .
 This show is FANTASTIC ! It 's got everything -- humor , suspense , deep plots , magic , and legend . Plus , it 's got great music and is family friendly . I 've never been so entertained , satisfied , or addicted by a show . The actors are all excellent and skilled , each episode is like a mini movie and can be watched over and over again , and it 's filmed at great locations . The graphics are n't as great as they could be , but they are good , and get better as the episodes/seasons go on , so I 've noticed.Overall the show is flat-out spectacular !
 We 've only watched one episode off the DVD so far , but it 's a great show to watch with the kids . I have a 14 year old and an 11 year old - both boys - and they really enjoyed watching it with us . Quality was good .
 It 's funny how you change your mind about things . I remember seeing the previews for this BBC import when it began airing on NBC and later SciFi Channel , but honestly thought it looked ... well , kind of bad . Then , this summer I got hooked on another Medieval Fantasy show , Legend of the Seeker , and noticed many LOTS fans also seemed to be fans of Merlin . `` Well , '' I thought to myself , `` if this show 's so popular among LOTS fans , it ca n't be all bad . '' So I decided to check it out , and man , am I glad I did!The first few episodes are ... well , they 're not very good , but they were enough to keep me watching , and by the middle of the season the show had drastically improved . The last seven episodes -LRB- there are 13 total -RRB- definitely make up for the shaky first half.As others have pointed out , the special effects are not the best , to put it kindly -LRB- come on , this is a BBC show , what did you expect ? -RRB- , but really , the SFX are actually not that important . This show is all about the characters , and the choices that those characters make . The `` magic '' is really an afterthought . And the characters are all well-written and well-played , my favorite being the jerk with a heart o ' gold Prince Arthur , who goes through some of the best written character development I 've ever seen , from spoiled brat at the beginning of the show to a kind-hearted , though still rather thoughtless , young man . You can really see what he 'll be like as the Once and Future King.Though Arthur 's my favorite , I 'd have to say that Colin Morgan puts in the best performance as the title character . Richard Wilson is fine as Gaius , nothing revelatory about his performance , just good . Anthony Head does a great job of making Uther the character you love to hate , and is obviously having a ball . Angel Coulby as Guinevere really grows as an actress over the show , as does Gwen as a character . Indeed , now that the first three seasons have aired , I would say that Colin and Angel are the show 's strongest actors . Katie McGrath rounds out the main cast as the infamous sorceress Morgana , and though Katie is a fine actress and I love her character , I would have to say that she is the weakest actor of the main cast . She does improve over the course of the show , however.All in all , unlikely as I thought it would be , Merlin has not only become my favorite adaptation of Arthurian legend , of all the books and movies and TV productions based on it , it is currently one of the best shows on TV . And the best thing is , it improves with every season . Season two was miles better than season one , so much so that I would almost encourage potential viewers to start with season two if I did n't find the idea of watching a show out of order so abhorrent . And season three is the best yet by far!I was overjoyed to hear that it was renewed for a fourth season , and I can only hope that it continues the pattern of each season being better than the last . Also , here 's hoping we do get that fifth and final season !
 When I remember it 's on , I have seen a few of the episodes and enjoyed them . I decided to get the set so I could watch the series from the start . I have a thing for all things magical . Love it .
 I personally never watched this before buying it . My boyfriend raved about this series and it was well worth the money spent . I would definitely recommend for all ages . You wo n't be disappointed !
 The title says it all . I loooove this show and each season is better than the last ! Worth an hour of your time , really well done !
 I love this show . It is intelligent , funny , and well thought out . But please , if you are a stickler for everything to look exactly like it would have looked back then -LRB- as if - we are talking about a time of magic , you know -RRB- , then please stick to the history channel and do n't look down on those of us who enjoy a little fantasy now and then .
 THIS IS THE MOST AMAZING SERIES I HAVE EVER SEEN . I do n't own a TV and never watch anything that everyone 's talking about . I discovered Merlin by accident and since then , I have n't been able to stop watching .
 We are thrilled to have the first season on disc . WE LOVED IT when it premiered and were disappointed when they did n't show reruns when it moved to SYFY . Now we can watch it . Colin Morgan is phenomenal as Merlin and I enjoy the twist on the premise of the Authurian legend . Guinevere is the weakest link in the acting chain . Well done series and I recommend it to all .
 After seeing some of these episodes online , it does not compare to having the DVD , the images are nice and clear and sharp sound . The series cover a version of the Merlin and King Arthur Story very well , excellent scenery good story line , i cant wait for season 2 to come out
 Engaging , non traditional plot , close enough that you know the basic story . Wonderful actors , Colin Morgan is astonishing as Merlin , especially as the series goes on.Love the use of the castle at Pierrefond in France , and the use of the Andalusian horses . The involvement of the horses grows over the series as well as the actors learn to ride ; by season 2 they are doing most of their own riding.May be a little violent for sensitive children , but never any blood or guts . Even if someone is obviously run through by a sword , it emerges bloodless.I highly recommend this series !!
 Having given this first season to myself as a Christmas treat , I sat down to watch the first episode yesterday . Nine episodes later I was still watching . I think the acting is superb . If you are on the edge of your seat worrying about characters getting killed that you know grow up to be adults then the actors have done their job . Usually in magical productions , the characters are much more two-dimensional . Here , you have real people , even with the magic . They make mistakes , sometimes what seems to be a good idea turns out to be a bad idea . I love the dragon -LRB- I like dragons -RRB- and John Hurt has done an excellent job -LRB- as always -RRB- with the voice . I love the scenery . ` Cheesy ' is when they do everything on a sound stage - that 's ` cheesy ' . This production has plenty of scenes that expand out into the ` real world ' . I like that I know the story so I know how these characters will turn out - turning this into a prequel of how it all came to be . Before I went to bed last night , I ordered season 2 .
 Very high quality with a great picture and sound . The Merlin stories are always great entertainment and fun as well as interesting .
 I 'm a bit of a history buff , and it is part of the entertainment watching `` Merlin '' for me to note all the assorted ways its producers managed to screw up history . I mean , not that we know a whole lot about 6th century Britain , but we know enough to understand that Arthurian Camelot -LRB- if and when it ever existed -RRB- looked nowhere closer to its depiction in the series . Which is probably best described as one part late middle ages , one part renaissance fair . It probably tells us more about 21st century UK than about 6th century . -LRB- Seriously , casting an Indian actress as Guinevere ? Not that there 's anything wrong with it . -RRB- Other than that , it 's a mildly entertaining PG-rated show , nothing too gruesome or complicated . Pillars of the Earth it is not . I guess it was targeted primarily at the adolescent & teen audience . Adults can watch too if you 're tired and you just want to relax .
 Great product , arrived earlier than expected . I would highly recommend this product . Excellent customer service , friendly and answered all questions of my concerns .
 I adore Merlin , but we definitely had some glitches in this DVD set . The discs were I damaged but they somehow had not been able to get the Us region 's format correct . By the third season , these glitches are gone . I still recommend owning this , the story and acting is terrific , enchanting , full of action , adventure , romance , humor and plenty of magic as Merlin begins to discover his gifts . Plot twists abound . Merlin 's humility to his Arthur is also a great lesson of this generation ... One does n't need to be in the spotlight to do great good and change the course of life for the better .
 I love Merlin from the first time I saw it on TV . It 's fast paced and the actors are very good , especially Colin Morgan . Love it !
 I gave five stars because of the concept of putting a new twist on the old Arthurian mythology . The innovative way they developed the characters peaked my interest . It seems to have captivated the imagination of a whole new young generation . Actually , they are addictive . The episodes never disappoint , regardless of the fact that we watch them over and over , again ! The only problem I have is that Guinevere is not on the DVD covers . She , Arthur and Merlin are the main characters of the legends !
 I bought Merlin last year . It 's now my favorite TV show out there . The show is funny , yet also has a serious side to it . Each episode is interesting and leaves you wanting to watch more . If you have never seen Merlin before , I would highly recommend giving it a try . You wo n't be disappointed . I own all three seasons on DVD and I 'm counting down the days until the fourth season is released !
 Colin Morgan is awesome as the young warlock . I enjoy the banter between Merlin and Arthur . I do hope they find ways to keep Merlin going . Afterall , he has many years to get old .
 After more than a 20 year hiatus , the BBC brings one of their shows to a major American network . Merlin is that show , and how very much worth the wait it was.Based on Arthurian legends , Merlin is the story of a young man destined to become a great Sorcerer . Merlin , both blessed and cursed with incredible gifts of magic , is sent by his mother to the legendary Camelot to seek comfort and like-minded people . Once he arrives , he finds out that all magic has been banned from the kingdom by the cold-hearted King Uther Pendragon and anyone found practising will be immediately sentenced to death . He is taken in by Gaius , the Court physician , who quickly becomes his mentor . After saving the life of Uther 's son , Arthur , Merlin is hired as the Prince 's manservent . He quickly becomes echanted by the King 's ward , the beautiful Lady Morgana -LRB- who has `` gifts '' of her own -RRB- , and befriends her servent Guinevere . As the series progresses , Merlin becomes increasingly more powerful and it becomes difficult for him to hide his gifts from those around him . Only Gaius and the wise Great Dragon -LRB- behind held captive in the castle 's dungeon , to whom Merlin often goes for wisdom and guidance -RRB- know his true self.This is a beautifully shot , brilliantly scripted , wonderfully acted show . The actors are phenominal in their understated style and are all so very talented , and deliver their material flawlessly with immense grace , so much that you forget they are acting . The production value is superb -LRB- that is one awesome , fearful dragon -RRB- . The story every week has heart , humor and shows the evolution of the characters in a poignant way . In every great legendary story is tragedy and heartbreak , and Merlin is no exception . Each character goes through a personal tragedy in some way , giving the show a serious Shakespearean quality.Now , onto the DVD set itself . The transfers are high quality , meaning you get sharp & clear video and crisp audio . The packaging is standard -LRB- the cardboard `` booklet '' is a tri-fold and the show discs slightly overlap one another -RRB- . The real gem about this set , however , are the special features ! There are hours of fantastic featurettes featuring the entire cast in candid moments , in all stages of production . I honestly ca n't remember the last time I enjoyed features as much as these . I laughed out loud more times than I can count!To summarize , if you have n't seen `` Merlin '' yet , do yourself a favor and treat yourself to this DVD set . Take several hours and immerse yourself in a land of myth and a time of magic .
 Finally . A family movie anyone can watch . Wish we had more of this .
 This show is like a mesh of three of my favorite shows ; Doctor Who , Robin Hood and the good bits of Smallville . It is engaging , imaginative and a wonderful take on the legend . I was skeptical when my friends told me to watch it , as a kid I read The Sword in the Stone , loved it and usually I hate it when people change stories , but Merlin had me at the end of the pilot . As the show builds so do the depth of the characters and it is fun , smart and never boring .
 I discovered this show on SyFy one Friday evening while channel surfing and immediately fell in love with it ... . so much so that I found myself watching the entire first season on Hulu.This is a great series and it great for all ages ... I 'm over 40 and LOVE it.This is a refreshing change to the reality show garbage that is played all too much on American TV .
 I must say I really enjoyed these shows , which was a surprise , since I was skeptical at first . I was quite familiar with the Arthurian legend with both Arthur and Merlin portrayed as men at their prime time , meaning old Merlin and a grown up Arthur . So , the DVD cover centered on one skinny boy did not exactly look promising . Besides , all the lead actors/actresses were not familiar to me . But boy , was I surprised!Once I started the first episode , the introductory line delivered by the Dragon , `` In a land of myth and a time of magic , the destiny of a great kingdom rests on the shoulders of a young boy . His name ... Merlin '' , with its musical background and flash scenes for the opening , picked my interest fast!I learnt the basic characters were the same as what I knew from other Arthurian legend . It has Merlin , Arthur , Morgana , Uther Pendragon , Guinevere , Lancelot , Mordred and the Excalibur . But , Merlin in this BBC version have many differences like , a talking dragon who acted as Merlin 's advisor , Merlin being the same age range as Arthur , Morgana as Uther 's ward and in some ways , acted like Arthur 's sister , and Guinevere who was a handmaiden to Morgana , instead of a born royalty , definitely an interesting different take from the usual version.The main 4 casts were not familiar to me , maybe because they were not playing many shows , yet . That 's one reason I think why I doubted them in the first place . But I found they were good actors with each episode to come . I think Colin Morgan was a perfect choice to play Merlin in this version . He could act smart , foolish , confused , annoying , upset and funny , anytime it required . Bradley James was athletically built and adequately agile to play a playful prince , who liked nothing more than to hunt and fight . He has a heavy timbre voice too , to suit the great future king . Angel Colby was able to portray a Guinevere , who was n't born a royalty , yet she acted as honorable , kind and sometimes majestic , to suit a queenly character one day . Katie McGarth played Morgana well , a girl with troubling dreams which turned out to be the sign of her growing magical power later.We got to see how each character grew into maturity with each event they faced , especially Arthur and Merlin . The young prince Arthur in pilot episode was an all-too-common pompous spoiled boy ; he then grew into a more thoughtful man , and became a loyal friend . I could imagine how great a king he would be later with more life experience he walked.Merlin , on the other hand , started as a boy who was confused with his magical power , and had an immature self-pride for the power . Yet , with each episode to go , his childish pride gradually dissolved . He became more confident , and understood his great destiny entwined to Arthur . Of course , the two of them were still acting boyishly from time to time . Arthur still annoyed Merlin with his occasionally being a prat , and Merlin to Arthur , by his smart-ass comments all the time . And that was something I enjoyed much , because it made the show funny despite the dark danger they had to fight all the times.The monster/danger in each episode might be felt as repetitive after some episodes . But it was okay , because the point of the show was n't the monster . It was more about how all those adventures in overcoming the monster/danger building up Arthur and Merlin 's relationship , from a mere servant and prince relationship , to solid friendship built on unwavering trust .
 I 'd say that this series is a replacement for the other Medieval-era BBC production `` Robin Hood '' that was cancelled after its 3rd season . That said , it 's not bad , -LRB- minus the less than stellar CG effects . -RRB- I caught a couple episodes of Season 1 on the SyFy Channel during a pre-Season 2 marathon , and despite the low budget CG effects , the production values of the rest of the show like the costume and set department is not bad . Acting is also pretty good too , but not quite as good as say the Robin Hood series , but acceptable , from what I 've seen.But I will say this though ... why is it is that all these shows like this , always go the teen-age angst route ? Can we not have adult-driven genre shows like this ? A darker adult Camelot action-adventure/drama would be interesting . And spending a bit more on the CG effects . At least on par with the series `` Legend of the Seeker '' . Which again has a young main cast , minus Bruce Spence of course , but to me , that series works well , with all of its supporting cast .
 This is a great show , I 've been watching it on the Sci-Fi channel.I ca n't wait until it comes out on DVD.The show has good stories and the actors do a good job .
 Merlin seems like an attempt to build off the success of Harry Potter - a TV show about teenage wizards and princes . The series is loosely based on the legend of King Arthur and Merlin in Camelot . I say loosely because it is essentially about the adventures of young Arthur and Merlin . Each episode , the two get into trouble , very much like the early Harry Potter books . However , this show has a lot more spirit than the over-produced Harry Potter movies.What I really appreciate about the show is its maturity , despite its focus on younger characters . The humor is -LRB- generally -RRB- not slapstick humor , but rather in emphasizing the absurdity of the situations Arthur and Merlin find themselves in . The show gets dark at times and does n't shy away from death , but also keeps it in good taste - unlike HBO 's Game of Thrones , which seems to delight in bloodshed.Merlin also develops its characters , something very hard to do on a TV show . Most TV shows tend to focus on the `` threat of the week '' and rush over character development . It 's not uncommon for the characters to remain the same throughout . However , Merlin 's characters do have their respective journeys . Arthur in particular goes from callous knight to mature ruler with a sense of responsibility . The show also treats the other characters subtly with few heroes and villains . I especially appreciate how Uther Pendragon is never portrayed as simply a villain , but rather a king with heavy emotional and political burdens to bear.Moreover , Merlin stays true to the atmosphere of the Middle-Ages , with a few obvious deviations . I 'm not a historian , but do read a lot of history and there is n't too much I 've noticed wrong with the historical details of the era . Although given that it 's based on the fictional kingdom of Camelot some liberties are expected . Given that this is a TV show , I 'm actually quite impressed with the attention to detail in the sets and clothing.Overall , if you like Harry Potter , check this show out .
 As this show has gone on , I have only come to love it more and more . The depth of the characters increases , the humour becomes more sophisticated , and the intensity of what 's happening goes up . The plot becomes more involved as well . It 's really great fun , and the characters are brilliant . The scripting is incredibly well done . Colin Morgan plays the young Merlin , a manservant to Prince Arthur -LRB- Bradley James -RRB- in a Camelot ruled by King Uther -LRB- Anthony Stewart Head of Buffy -RRB- where magic is forbidden on pain of death . Thus , Merlin must save the prince from magical enemies , all while pretending to be the bumbling servant . The banter between Arthur and Merlin is amazingly good fun , and their burgeoning friendship is really sweet.The first season itself does n't have the gel that I would like , but as the season goes on , all of the characters do begin to come together like a well-oiled machine , and everything falls into its niche . Not to say that the season is bad , it 's far from that -- it 's very entertaining , but keep in mind it only gets better from the first season!And I hope that 's a glowing-enough review to send you off to watch it!Keep in mind , Arthurian legend purists , that this is really not accurate in many ways . The writers and actors have admitted that they 're not keeping strictly to legend . And you obviously see that . But it 's quite good , very worthwhile , and a lot of fun to watch . I laugh . I cry . I fist-pump my approval .
 I just ca n't get enough of this series . To see the characters grow , and the underlying themes developed in this series just keeps me coming back . I do n't think I have appreciated a series like this in such a long time . This series has monsters , sword fights , morals , friendships , hardships , and on top of that `` Magic '' . It is clean and the acting is quite good .
 It 's like I 've said before for another review
 I discovered Merlin about a year ago and have been obssessed ever since . My love for Arthurian legend , fantasy , humor , suspense , and much more is met -LRB- if not blown away -RRB- by this series . BBC has definitely hit the mark with this show . They take a new spin on the age-old legend , yet stay true to the main ideas and concepts -LRB- aside from the fact that Merlin is NOT an old man -RRB- . The actors portray their characters exceedingly well . Colin Morgan is amazing as Merlin , and Bradley James fits perfectly into the role of Arthur . I would recommend this show to anyone . It is appropriate for all ages -LRB- I have gotten my whole family hooked on it , and my youngest sister is only 9 -RRB- . I could go on and on about how much I love this show , but I think you would become bored with me , so I will stop rambling so that you can go and purchase Merlin ! : -RRB-
 Excellent characters , funny and entertaining . Obviously trying to keep a children audience , the combat are always `` nice '' , no blood , no direct blow visible , still this does not distract from the story telling.But Amazon where is Season 2 ??!!
 I am in the U.S. so I watched this whole season online ... At first , I must admit , what lured me are the three young , good looking characters -LRB- Morgana , Arthur , Merlin -RRB- . The story was O.K. . It was more like a Smallville for Arthurian legend , and I hate those type of shows . Then as I watched it , it began to stick with me . And the characters and the character relationships began to morph into something more real.Some things that bothered me though is the fact that all these powerful magical people were killed by mere mortals when they could do wondrous things with magic . Like in one of the episodes a sorceress was in a crowd while her son was executed . She came out and cursed Uther and then disappeared in a tornado . If she could do that , why let puny mortals behead her son to begin with ?! That was always a little frustrating . Also , what is frustrating , is Arthur . Well the actor who plays Arthur . He is hunky but seems REALLY prissy and proud . He portrays what Arthur is supposed to be like in this series very well -LRB- a spoiled brat -RRB- , but perhaps he does it a little TOO well ... Same with Merlin . But in the opposite fashion . Merlin is supposed to be this powerful ancient wizard , yet in this series he is shy , quiet and runs around like a maid . I do n't know if I like these twists.The special effects are fine . They definitely are n't big budget Hollywood effects , but they are like normal television special effects.I guess my major complaint is that there needs to be a bit more depth to the character and story . It needs to begin taking form . Uther needs to die , like really soon . Merlin and Arthur need to begin getting closer . Morgana needs to begin getting more powerful and cruel .
 I am really enjoying this series so far . I was a little heartbroken when the BBC cancelled Robin Hood , which was great -LRB- five stars in my opinion -RRB- but am glad they have another period show on again . Maybe at some point the USA will catch on and start making some tv shows that revolve around friendship , history/legend , and moral chivalry instead of sex and skinny , cranky girls ... just saying . Anyhow , it is about Merlin , a young magician and Prince Arthur , heir to Camelot . You also get to meet Gwen , a `` serving girl '' of sorts , and Morgana , ward of King Uther , and Gaius , physician to the throne . There is also a dragon that becomes Merlin 's advisor sort of . The relationships between characters in this show is what makes it endearing . Gaius is looking after Merlin for his mother because magic and socery has been outlawed . Merlin ca n't seem to not use it , but keeps it quiet . However it seems Morgana also has the `` sight '' unbeknown to Merlin . And the adventure begins ! For example
 General ReviewIf you are a fan of med-evil ways and castles , this is as surreal experience as you 're going to ever get without major animation and film making . Merlin brings a new fresh look on what would 've went on when Arthur was growing up and ascending to the throne of Camelot . The general feel of the series is quirky and sometimes it does get boring at certain episodes when they focus too much on certain `` bland '' characters/actors but it is great nonetheless . I RECOMMEND THIS WHOLEHEARTEDLY!Those who have loved Charmed , Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Angel , etc etc. . . This will make you smile ! However , it does use tactful animation and does n't over-use it . And even though it 's educational , it does n't feel that way at all once you 're watching it . It 's the best PG-rated series to use as reference if a school or teacher or anyone wants their children to latch onto . :-RRB- You 'll love it!Characters In my own opinionThe characters on Merlin have such life-like capabilities that have n't always been played out very well on TV series . I , for one , do n't really care for `` NAME BRAND '' actors but I love that they placed Anthony Head in this series -LRB- even though he plays the hard headed King of Camelot -RRB- . He 's been the best male actor for TV series that I 've liked ever since he was on Buffy the Vampire Slayer . : -RRB- For Merlin ; I have to admit that I did n't quite like his appearance since his hair is cut in an odd way where his ears look like they 're too big for his head . And at times , I wish Merlin had a stronger confident moral in what he truly believes in . Throughout the whole series he battles against being told off for heresy and his status as a servant boy . His magical abilities are basically the only reason I got interested in his character.For Uther ; Completely plays out the `` Old stick in the mud '' neatly and crisply ... well , too crisply for my liking.For Arthur ; They chose an excellent actor to play as the Prince of Camelot . He beautifully puts forth all the arrogance , over-conceited and handsome allure of royalty quite nicely . However , it does get over-bearing as the series progresses that his attitude becomes too typical and keeps suppressing his compassion.For Gwen ; I have to say , it came quite a shock to who played Gwen . Even the actor who played her father was a bit lack luster but I loved that they played on a `` woman 's strength '' to aspire and overcome adversity to stand up to men . I just wish she 'd upper cut Morgana when she had the chance.For Morgana ; Her character in this series is weak , over-used and sometimes not really needed . The other villains bring more to the table than Morgana 's ever does in this series . But I guess there has to be a constant thorn in the side to progress the story of Merlin throughout the whole seasons of this show ... For Gaius ; I love him ! And I 'm glad they do n't ever kill him off . His personality aids and encourages Merlin 's developement . Without him , I doubt there 'd be much Magical conundrums from Merlin himself when he tries to save , heal , or correct some magical mis-doings . But I wish he had more magical involvement even if he 's gotten old.For the Knights of the round table ; I have to say ... most of them did n't feel right and some of them did.REVIEW UPDATE AS OF 5/3/2012I have successfully watched all the Merlin episodes until they stopped at the `` Sword in the Stone . '' As I mentioned before ... Arthur 's character of ignorance and arrogance is too over-bearing . Merlin still constantly keeps his secret within a closed circle and it 's annoying that he ca n't confine in Arthur at all . Plus , the episodes where they increase Arthur 's half-arsed feelings for Merlin when he 's in danger is just ... ugh . I have felt like Arthur and Merlin should just end up together as a couple ... Gwen keeps running away PERSISTENTLY ! At first I did enjoy Gwen 's `` I am woman , HEAR ME ROAR ! '' but when it involved Arthur , she was just stupid . I know love can be stupid but that had nothing to do with love . I think they gave her commitment issues on purpose because it was TOO drawn out , leading up to her getting married to Arthur . Gaius survives the WHOLE entire series , which I love . Killing off Lancelot was ... confusing . I mean , I know the rift between the underworld and the real world needed to be closed but that was just a waste to get rid of a person who COMPLETELY accepted Merlin for who he was.I still recommend this series and still love it all the same , though . I just got disappointed along the way ...
 I like this show and bought DVD for additional material -LRB- commentaries mostly -RRB- . It 's good quality and have nice extras to justify buying DVD instead of single episodes .
 I bought this box set because I love the show but the commercials on SyFy are SO LONG !!!! This set was super cheap , and great quality . The bonus disk has a `` making-of '' segment that any Merlin fan would love . If you love Merlin , you will go nuts over this box set .
 I saw this show online before it started airing on BBC America . I 've seen all 4 seasons and ca n't wait for the next . After the first episode , I was instantly hooked . The show is about The wizard Merlin at a young age -LRB- late teens , early 20 's -RRB- . Set in a time when magic is outlawed in Camelot , Merlin 's magical abilities have to be kept secret from everyone . The story follows Merlin as well as other main characters -LRB- Prince Arthur , who is not yet king for example , as well as Lancelot and others -RRB- . The show is appropriate for all ages -LRB- though some small children may get scared of some of the creatures -LRB- it 's no scarier than Harry Potter -RRB- . Each episode has a plot which usually includes Knights , Dragons , Witches , and of course Magic , and contributes to the main story line . The show is family friendly , includes episodes which are about different things and includes drama , friendship , romance , and a few that are hilarious . My Fiancee and I love this show . For those who have seen movies based on King Arthur or read literature , know that the show has it 's own different version of re - telling the story , yet it 's very enjoyable . A few visual/special effects are not the best in the world like the big office box movies -LRB- since it 's doubtful they get a huge budget for those things -RRB- , but the effects are pretty good for a tv show , realistic enough , gets better with each season and does n't at all take away from the creativity , plots and story . I will be getting seasons 2,3 and 4 as well . The only negative is that I wish there were more episodes for each season -LRB- Each episode is about 45 min long and each season has 13 episodes -RRB- , not enough in my opinion , especially since they 're all so good.No complaints on the shipping/packaging or the actual product . It arrived in a timely manner in Brand New Condition .
 Such a great show ! I have all 4 seasons so far , and am itching for Season 5 . Highly recommended if you have n't seen it already . Just start from the beginning .
 Wow , this series is seriously sexy , sassy and overwhelmingly good . Being a lesbian myself I found this series to be so true to form . A must have in ones DVD collection .
 It keeps the series alive ! A lot of twists and turns to keep you interested .
 It may just be that I am a geek and feel like the girls on this show are my friends and family -LRB- or lovers - hehe -RRB- , but I loved this season and I enjoy finding out what they are up to . Maybe a little outrageous with Jenny 's crazy antics , but Hollywood has to make everything sensational to keep up ratings . Overall , I adored another season with the girls and I can not wait to get the next season .
 I enjoy all the previous L word seasons but I think season 4 totally rocks .
 I took a big chance of purchasing this item in the hope that I could view it on an Australian Multi Region DVD player and IT WORKED perfectly . It would have taken another 12mths to come out here , so thank you very much . Will definitely being purchasing more DVD 's .
 Loved it , watched to many episodes at once so finished series in a week.When the next series out ???? Little old New Zealand down here and it takes a year and a half to get each new series .
 Very entertaining series . Interesting characters with more twists than a bag of pretzels ! Would recommend beginning with season one , though or it will take awhile to figure out all the soap-opera-style relationships .
 I am a huge fan of `` The L Word , '' but I have no problem with criticizing it when the script writing lags and the performances sag -LRB- What happened during season 2 ??? -RRB- . However , I have little to no complaints about Season 4 of this awesome series.Honestly , I watched this entire season without stopping -LRB- good thing I had a lot of free time -RRB- . In my opinion , this is EASILY the best season of the bunch . The plot never gets bogged down in seriousness -LRB- although it deals with serious issues , these are balanced with fun and poignant plot details -RRB- like the second season did -LRB- why , WHY , did that season spend so much time covering the death of Bette 's father ?? -RRB- The actress who plays `` Max '' apparently has gone to acting school since the last season , for her acting is much more believable and meaningful . Shane 's previous facade as a heartless player is FINALLY dropped , and she gets to experiment with a wider range of emotions . Plus , all of the new characters are hot , complicated , hilarious ! And the old characters are re-invented , but still retain their lovable qualities -LRB- although my previously-favorite character , Jenny , becomes a complete brat -RRB- . As a side note , I was blown away by the actress who plays `` Tasha ''
 Great Acting . Realistic portrayal of lesbians in everyday life situations . This show deserves to come back with the original cast .
 I Love the show this is awesome you can watch at home on a lap top . Works fine on amazion
 Anhy one that is an L word fan should own the music . Its a great collection of music for season 4 .
 out of order -LRB- had 3rd season bought 1st -RRB- and was confused by everything , but when I had finally watched the first 3 seasons in order , everything made sense . At the time I bought the episodes for 4th season , I had no patience in getting the 4th season on DVD , but now that I have it on DVD , looked through all the episodes and it was alright . Not my favorite season but it was alright .
 What Can I say . . Another GREAT SEASON ... . Kept me glued to the TV / DVD Player . . LOL . . this season make me glad I was buying the entire season ...
 I like to think this is my way of supporting gays . Lol . The acting is superb and the intricate stories between the verious characters is very compelling .
 I love this show . Any season of L-Word is a must for any true Lesbian . It is so entertaining , funny and inclusive of many different gender benders .
 Bette and Jodi were cute but I just did n't not see this couple lasting . Had some great introduction characters . Wish Shane was not such an idiot sometimes cause loved Shane/Carmen .
 What can I say , the show is awesome . They continue to introduce interesting , layered characters and if you liked the other seasons you 'll like this one . I only wish they would make more episodes a season ... I 'll have to wait for season 5 .
 Long anticipated , this 4th Season of the L Word does meet the expectations of people/sisters like me . Am looking forward to Season 5 . Thank you
 The Fourth Series of the L Word keeps up both the pace and interest in the story and characters . Several new very sexy girls join the cast , challanging not only the characters but the viewers to examine issues both social and personal . The story lines will open the eyes of many to things that single , attached and parental lesbians deal with . The only minus is -LRB- and I am guessing this wont be a minus for most -RRB- there seems to be more sex less story . I love the scenes but the writing is that good that I want more from the characters , the first three series had a perfect balance of heart pumping sex and mind stimulating stories . Well done again .
 May it be importat to some viewers , that the whole 4 season is also in spanish -LRB- mono -RRB- translation .
 We think it 's a good value when you consider the cost of a cable pay station for the year versus the price of the DVD 's that we can watch at our leisure . The DVD 's work just fine and are of excellent quality . We buy the collection every season .
 I really enjoyed this set of videos and will continue to collect each season , as long as shotime will put them on the air , but i really do wish they would put bette and tina back together .
 I have every Season so far and although I 'm missing Dana on the show I 'm still really enjoying the show . Look forward to many more Seasons .
 Once you get through the almost Playboy , LA lipstick versions of gay women and just settle in , The L Word is a lot of fun . It has become a cult in the lesbian circles and is actually a very interesting story . Do n't know how much longer they should keep going though . All good stories slow down and this is no exception . It is , however , still fun , sassy and sexy . I recommend it !
 I love these dvds . I own all of the seasons so far . I cant wait till the next one comes out .
 This is one of my favorite shows of all time . I 've been impressed with Amazon 's pricing on popular shows and this show is no exception . Shipping speed was good . I highly recommend this show as this season is complex and the character development is excellent . Looking forward to Season 5 !
 This 4th season of the L Word is so good . I love how the writers brought in hearing impaired persons to the storyline . There are lesbian women out there who are deaf , so it was wonderful to see a new world , and Marlee Matlin and Deanna Bray do a FANTASTIC job . I love their heated argument in `` Little Boy Blue . '' I also love Alice 's new love interest Tasha . The whole cast is wonderful and I ca n't imagine a better lesbian show . :-RRB- Jenny is a monster in this one , though . I always liked Jenny , but not too much this season . All in all , I love this season and I ca n't wait to see what happens in season 5. : -RRB-
 I have watched this season within the space of a week . Though only having received it a week before that . I 'm finding it hard to write this without spoilling the plot or the characters . I suppose the only way to sum it up is `` if you like the L word and it characters '' buy it . Imo you will like it.I wish we had -LRB- I think it it is -RRB- hbo I could see the premier of season 5 in january -LRB- this may be incorrect -RRB- .
 This is without a doubt the best drama series I 've ever seen . The 4th season just keeps the show moving , and leaves you running to find out when the 5th season is coming out . The stories grab you , the characters draw you in , and you keep watching episode after episode b/c you HAVE to know what happens next . And the return of a character in the last episode might leave you in tears .
 season 4 was filled with more drama , more love , more of everything . The only thing lacking was connection between the core characters . Each character 's story lines seemed to be disjointed , compared to other seasons . However , they were delving into some deeper issues . Was a little disappointed that Dana and Carmen were n't mentioned . Seemed to be a big hole.I would recommend it .
 I have been waiting for the release of Season 4 for a long time . Of course , Season 1 was great with the introduction to the series and all its characters . Then came the season dominated by Dana 's passing and then the whole deal with Shane 's wedding . I think after all the heartache with Dana 's passing and the break-up between Shane and Carmen , Season 4 had many funny and lovely highlights and it was a good change from Seasons 2 and 3 . I loved the character Cybill Shepard plays . I think it brought many laughs and it shows the difficult and at the same time exciting coming out of a past middle-aged , married woman pretty realisticly . Then I absolutely fell in love with Jodi . I think it is great that Bette -LRB- another one of my favorite characters -RRB- found a new love ... and yet , the Season Finale leaves the option open that Bette and Tina might get back together ! Who knows !? Something to really look forward to.While I truly despised the character Helena at the beginning when she first starred in `` The L-Word '' , she become one of my favorite characters . I loved what they did to her in Season 4 . It shows that women can be real bitches as well and that they are capable of exploiting another human being as well . Well , not just another human being , but another woman who , on top of that , has the same sexual orientation.One character I do n't like at all is Papi , but I guess since there are such guys and chicks out there who are `` players '' , I guess the character fits in as well into the series.I am also wondering what will become of Tasha . I guess we will know more soon.As I already stated , I think Season 4 was a great Season , even though it was full of almost too many topics -LRB- how to communicate and be with a deaf person - coming-out of a married woman in her fifties - Tina going from woman , to man , back to woman - the whole war issue - players - exploitation - cheating - abortion - and so on , and so forth -RRB- . For Season 5 , I hope that there will be lots of love and not so much heartache !
 After a disappointing third season , I took the risk of purchasing season four and was so pleased I did . Alice has finally got a life - she has evolved as a character in this season . Max is less hard core and for the first time I felt compassion for him . Jenny still drives me tilt - I do n't like the character and would n't miss her if she was n't in season 5 ! Jodi was n't likeable at all - I 'm not sure if that was the plan from the writers but she really irritated . The storyline for Bette and Tina was very well written and brilliantly executed . I look forward to season 5 with relish - when is the release date ? The soundtrack to season 4 was also fantastic and the closing song was very well chosen - Dear Mr President by P!nk . Well done to the writers and actors .
 season 4 of The L word introduced us to alot of new people , for example older women who married had families , and realized that they were just to afraid to be who they really are because their families would look down on them as well as society . They realized also that loving who you love because of who they are is ok , just being strong is the hard part .
 Long time fan and regular viewer of Showtime 's impressive chick drama , `` The L Word '' , it was with a bit of hesitation that I approach season four . Hesitation because often , by season four , these shows have glamorized and glorified so much , that in trying to top themselves from last season , they end up with either unbelievable plots or unrealistic zaniness . This would have been especially true after the stunning season ender of three , when the ladies said goodbye to fan favorite Dana , and dear Shane was literally stood up at the altar . No fear . Season four of the L Word is one of the strongest of the bunch.These are ten solid episodes , each for unique reasons . First , the inclusion of some much needed new characters . Bring in the stunning Cybill Shepherd as newly out professional woman Phyllis Kroll , dealing with divorcing her husband and disgust from her children . Shepherd almost steals the show as she acts like a teenager dealing with her newly found self . Plus , the multi-talented and much underused Marlee Matlin as deaf artist JodI Lerner , a complement to Bette in style and strength . Matlin 's forceful performance is a testament to her skill and style , and a welcome addition to the show.Other new characters add fun to the mix . Papi , who makes Shane seem like Mother Teresa , and military babe Tasha , who finally adds some relationship intrigue with the ever lost Alice , both bring an usual vibe to the show . Especially Tasha , played by beauty Rose Rollins , who takes her job in the army very seriously , despite some post-traumatic stress disorder.Somehow , with the zigzagging of plots , from Bette and Jodi 's butting-heads relationship , to Tina 's fairly predictable return to the nest , to Kit 's falling off the wagon , to Moira becoming Max , to Shane 's new love and new relationship with dumped brother Shay , to ever psychotic Jenny 's trash book , it could have been a giant mess in lesser hands . But Iline Chaikken 's expert handling of her characters and plots make for a solid group of episodes ; stylish , stunning , and smart.Some misfires this season ? Of course . Did n't buy the ending scene with Jenny , sorry ... and I felt like the girls moved on a bit too fast after Dana 's passing . Why would n't she even be mentioned or missed ? Helena 's unusual foray into tournament poker would be a joke if not interesting , and seeing her turned into a bought servant to regain her life was a peach . And Shane 's attempt to talk to Shay 's class about homosexuality was stereotypical and in error -LRB- they needed a teacher to write that scene to make it realistic -RRB- . However , the strength of this show has been and always will be how it examines issues relevant to today 's audience in an authentic way . We are watching someone transition to a male , and all of the issues fraught with the decision . Chaiken talks about her feelings on the Iraq War , and creates conflict by having a lesbian fight in it . She 's not afraid to discuss race issues , physical disability issues , age issues , in a mature , interesting way . And that 's what keeps me tuning into these lovely ladies , as should you.That , and Pam Grier . Gim me Pam any day of the week , and I 'm happy !
 I bought the first 3 seasons at a going out of business sale . I had never seen it before but heard of it . I fell in love with this show so decided to add this to my collection . Love the L word !
 I have the complete seasons of the L word and just ca n't get enough of the cast ... I love it and them ...
 i 'm really happy to bought this season ! : -RRB- It 's pretty amazing and i love it soo much!though i was sad as , that carmen was n't in this season : -LRB- but tasha is soo cool ! : -RRB- you should really watch it ! : Dand if you do n't have enough money , just get a friend to buy it for you :-RRB- -LRB- to your birthday or christmas or eastern or just because you love it as much as me ! -RRB-
 Had a great buying experience with this . It arrived in a timely manner and in the exact condition I was expecting .
 I ordered it early Monday morning and was given an email telling me to expect it sometime on Saturday . I got it three days before , on a Wednesday . I suppose the speed of the delivery depends on where you 're at but that was by far the quickest one I 've ever gotten . I bought it new and got it new . No tricks up their end .
 same thing as i stated with Tsubasa 12 i already reviewed it when i got these two together so i do n't really know why they are asking me to review it again .
 The L-Word is a series about lesbian life in LA. . The characters are well developed and realistic . I find it all a bit too glamorous , but I guess that 's nicer to look at . Also , their world is a bit too focussed on lesbians , men -LRB- even gay -RRB- are rare . But for the rest
 The L Word is one of the best shows that I have seen in recent times . It 's a shame that it only went six seasons . The DVD series is very enjoyable . The story lines are attention grabbing and the humor is catchy . The love story between Bette and Tina is truly romantic .
 I think this season of the L Word was the funniest . Season 3 was sad and it was time for some uplifting stories and for the characters to relax and have fun .
 I find that the 4th season was not as good as the previous ones . I love all the characters but I did not like Shane moving on so quickly with Paige . She seem to be more the person that Carmen wanted but without Carmen .
 This is a definate must for all L Word fans and is worth the buy as a collectors item . Although not as mind blowing as season one , the characters have evolved and we feel more a part of their lives as ever before . As we view this season , there are plenty of erotic scenes which never lets , heart renching moments and laughs.It is worth every penny spent and I look forward to further seasons .
 L word season 4 is i think the best so far . I was n't a huge fan of series 3 as it did n't seem to gel together that well - but season 4 is phenomenal . the characters really develop in this series - its great . this is the best series so far .
 The L word season 4 was one of the best yet ... It was more upbeat than season 3 That is kinda easy with the couple of big downers that occur in it ...
 I agree with Patricia Huerta -LRB- reviewer below -RRB- that this season is refreshing and much more interesting than the third season . I think Bette 's character is the most developed - I feel I 've come to understand her well -LRB- or much better -RRB-
 I write from France where only 1st and 2nd season are now released on DVD !!! We 're a bit late in fact . And as I 'm a great fan , I ordered the 3rd season and certainly will for the 4th on amazon.com because I ca n't wait !!! Why we love The L word in France ? Because for once , a program dealing with lesbians is not totally full of clich&eacute;s about who we are . Maybe France is not as conservative as USA according to sex , but it 's still something different to many people to be gay and hard to understand.Anyway , I will order the 4th season , watch it with my girlfriend and expect many other seasons of this great program !
 The DVDs work fine the only technical issue I had with this product is that they do not work with some blu-ray systems , more specifically , the blu-rays that are made to connect to Netflix . When I tried playing the discs on the blu-ray the picture would n't show or there would be sound but it was the wrong image , etc. . After troubleshooting the system we realized that it just does n't like playing the L Word season 4 discs .
 This item was everything I expected at a low price . I enjoyed watching this video as soon as it came in .
 Awesome series ! Love love love this season ! I could watch it a million more times !
 The 4th season is a good season to watch . Eva in Seattle
 The product was as expected . However , the service from Amazon exceded my expectations , the price was by far the best competitive and cheapest price , the response quick and the delivery was as stated to me . I will definately concider using Amazon again and will be recommending it to all my friends . Thank you .
 What I 've always loved about The L Word since Season One is it 's lack of fear to deliver reality into fictional drama . What we see in this show is what really happen in the lives of gay , lesbian , straight , bisexual and transgender communities all over the world . It 's gritty , it 's sexy , it 's hardcore and above all it 's SCANDALOUS !! The L Word Season 4 delivers interesting plotlines for existing characters and new characters alike , some good , some bad and some indifferent - depending who you ask . As an avid drama fan , I have to say that out of every show I have ever watched - and I mean EVER - I have taken to the dimensions of Shane the most . And this year I was not disappointed by her development . Last year ended difficult for her , but Shane fans - this seasons for you !! Not only does she recover from having to make a distressing decision , and dealing with her father 's deception , Shane finds herself falling back into old ways with a fab season four cameo for Cheri Jaffe . Then life falls on it 's head when she 's suddenly a single parent in WeHo with expenses . Shane shines this year guys - Kate Moeenig deserves an Emmy for her portrayal of a REAL person.After saying a tearful goodbye to Dana , it 's been nice to see Alice come on strides , using the new characters of Papi and Tasha as her catalysts , and of course Bette and Tina fans - you may have to hang tight for resolve , but I suggest you come along for the ride . Helena also dabbles beyond her own comfort zone of riches with some interesting storylines , and to be honest the only annoying character - yet comical - is Jenny . But she is an artists or a writers dream - agonising yet fabulous . Max really impressed me this year after leaving it a little flat at the end of the last season - all credit to the actress . And who can forget to mention the inclusion of the fabulous Cybill Shephard who is AMAZING in this role and I can not wait to see more of her in further seasons.Overall - A perfect show that gets better every year . Just when you think the writers can do no more . Certainly the sexiest and most scandalous season so far - with Papi doing her best to test the reaches of Our Chart ... but I just love how Shane could even care less .
 The introduction of new characters is a boost . Acting remains first class , and the plot is very believable .
 The 4th Season of the L Word was delivered on time and with no flaws .
 If you love good drama , then you 'll love all four seasons of The L Word seasons
 I have watched and own the past 3 seasons of ` The L Word ' and have preordered the 4th season . I intend to order every season after this , as well . It 's historical . Even though , ` The L Word ' is not butch/femme , femme/boi , stone butch , soft butch -LRB- ETC. -RRB- inclusive with the 501 's and white t-shirts , it still is lesbian exposure ... from the U.S. , no less ! In my opinion , ANY exposure is better than no exposure . We have a major network willing to deal with the subject of lesbianism . That , in itself , is a MAJOR deal considering the U.S. is sooooo narrow minded when it comes to the subject of sexuality . This is a step further . Every tiny step , eventually , will amount to lots of progress down the road . Probably , I wo n't see the inclusion of the much varied lesbian community on any network ; however , this should not stop us from continuing to pave the path for the preteen lesbians out there who are desperately seeking ANY lesbian role models . The L Word is an asset to our community.Sept . 18 , 07I did n't mention this before , but ` The L Word ' has been a great show to watch . I 've thoroughly enjoyed each and every episode of each season . I would have loved to have been able to watch a show like this when I was 13 ! JULY 28 , 2008Well , it was fun while it lasted ! I have pre-ordered the 6th and final season of ` The L Word ' . I truly believe in my comments and convictions which I had written last year . This series has had a fantastic run , and I 'm very sad to see it ` go ' . However , it is a very good ` start ' for television media corporate executives to see . This series has done very well , and this just goes to show what mainstream audiences wish to view -LRB- at times -RRB- . We all know that the majority of people in society -LRB- s -RRB- have very varied sexual lives . Straight and married have , since the beginning of time , NOT been the norm . All you have to do is google ` historical sexual lives of _______ , and you will find so much information that you will not be able to read it all . Or , google something similar . Just change your words around a bit . I hope we see more series like or similar to ` The L Word ' in the very near future .
 this is a great show and the delivery and handeling by amazon was just fine . I would buy videos from them again for sure .
 I 've spent the past 2 weeks watching seasons 1-4 -LRB- and I 'm totally jonesing waiting for 5 to become available on DVD -RRB- and I almost feel I need to rewatch them all for perspective on the series so far . I have found each episode in each season to be immensely amusing , sometimes very touching , always interesting . I like that the plotlines address all facets and experiences of lesbian life.My only complaint , really , is the out of control overt politicization so pervasive in the fourth season . I 'm aware that most lesbians -LRB- in my experience -RRB- are rabidly and radically -LRB- and oppressively -RRB- Left . But for me , the rare Republican/Libertarian , the completely unrestrained Bush-bashing of season four somewhat took away from the overall quality of the series as a whole.I wonder how these characters , or their real life counterparts , would fare in a country controlled by Wahabi fascists ? If they think the Christian Right has an agenda -LRB- and it does -RRB- for dealing with `` alternative lifestyles '' , that 's nothing compared to the Islamic `` final solution '' . Wake up , Lesbians of America . Remember 9/11 ?
 The product arrived very quickly and in excellent shape . I have not completely watched all discs , but am very satisfied with my purchase . Fabulous !
 In season four , this series really starts to click . The stories are more substantive , the writing is better , even Jenny is -LRB- slightly -RRB- less annoying . I really liked and miss Dana , but new characters and the growth of Max and Helena really make up for losing her . The best addition is Marlee Maitlan as Jody , a terrific actress anytime , but she shines as the controversial and hot blooded artist who finally makes Bette grow up a little .
 I 've only watched through the third episode , but so far it is better than Season 3 . The gals are still making poor choices , but at least there are interesting character tidbits along the way .
 i love this show , i think it has grown , and developed in ways one would n't expect . Definitely every woman can relate to this storyline regardless of sexual orientation . There were no problems with delivery or packaging , amazon has great history as i have ordered many times before through amazon and have never had any issues .
 I enjoyed watching the DVDs all over again , just as much as when they played on Showtime .
 After the disappointment of season 3 , I was so pleased to see the show pick up in season 4 as the characters deepened , the plot thickened , the cast broadened , and significant LGBT issues came to the forefront . I highly recommend it . And if you can only buy one season of L Word , # 4 is a must !
 I am enjoying the antics of all the `` girls '' this season . I could do without the angst of the denouncement of the war in Iraq . Please entertain me , do not play politics .
 Season 4 is so much better than Season 3 ! The characters are more interesting and it 's not as depressing . I still wish they would 've brought Carmen back , but Papi is a great addition as is Tasha . I hope they both come back in the 5th Season . Marlee Maitlin is very good in her role , but I have a little trouble with Cybil Shephard playing a late blooming lesbian . Somehow , I just ca n't buy into it . Now , if we could only get rid of Jenny ...
 This is the best season since season 1 . In fact it may be better than season 1 . The writers really stepped it up this season !
 Just as with the other seasons of this series I bought the quality is excellent and the content will surely become a collectors item and gain value in years to come .
 Hello , First off I 'm a straight guy , male , ect ... and will stay that way . I 'll be honest , I 'm a in the military serving in the Middle East . I ordered the first season thinking mostly about the possible sex and nude scenes I would find , as explicit porn is not exactly allowed where I am . I found what I wanted , but what I really did n't expect was how into the show I would get . I really find this show to be one of the best written and intriguing shows that I 've come across . I give the show 5 stars for its evenly mixed comedy , romance , and drama . I also think that this show shines light for acceptance of the gay/lesbian lifestyle and helps others understand that yes homosexual 's are actually people as well . I have already watched the 2nd and 3rd season and have pre-ordered the 4th . I think that this show is awesome and is well worth the money to watch it . I also really enjoyed the beginnings of each episode with a something that happened in the past that directly relates to the episode . Also I love the chart and how it shows how everyone is connected . I 'm a big fan of Jewel and I think it reflects the `` Pieces of You '' song extremely well ; and how your actions can affect the people around you . Again awesome show and I would recommend it to anyone from all walks of life .
 I have to address Jabber 's comments above . I feel sad for you . It 's this kind of uneducated close minded thinking that makes the world a little bit darker . Your mean spirited stereotypical comments only serve to try to make yourself feel better at the expense of people you do n't even know . Your bigotry will likely add pain to other 's lives as you perpetuate prejudice , discrimination & intolerance . That 's not a legacy to be proud of . In the end it 's you that I feel sorry for.That being said here 's what you really might want to know
 I just got done watching the first episode of season 4 off the Unbox Video Downloads and I 'm definitely hooked already ... great storyline so far and as a person who saw seasons 1-3 on DVD during my deployment I would stay up late just to get to the end , and I think I may just be downloading the rest of the episodes before this season comes out on DVD , I 'm that impatient!It truly is a great series , despite the glamorous and beautiful people with glamorous and beautiful jobs ... it 's just fun to watch and do a little wishful thinking ... even as a straight person I was so fascinated and intrigued , I absolutely love this series . I have nothing but positive things to say , and I may not be knowledgeable about the lesbian community to have my own facts 100 % valid , but I thought this was great exposure for someone like myself who never knew a thing about it , and it 's just beautiful . Although I admit , I do miss Dana , but bringing back Marina was a definite surprise !
 Being a UK viewer of this hot potato made it extremely frustrating to find out that Living TV ran this season wihout any warning at all so I missed it but all hope was not lost and Amazon came to my rescue!I 'm on Disc three of the 5 Disc boxset and ladies it does n't dissapoint . This programme just seems to get better and better with each season.The new additions to the cast , JANINA GAVANKAR / EVA ` PAPI ' TORRES , set to give Shane a run for her money as the new lethario in town turning even the straightest of heads ! , MARLEE MATLIN / JODI LERNER , Bette 's new love interest is making her own mark on our beloved Artist with some heart wrenching storylines.ROSE ROLLINS / TASHA , This mean and moody character I think will come into her own next season but I applaud the writers for introducing a character like Tash that deals with our girls in the Armed forces.CYBILL SHEPHERD / PHYLLIS KROLL , I was a little skeptical when I heard she was joing the cast this year but her character really works and is very entertaining , it also deals with coming out in the later years , which is good for us older lasses!This Seasson sees many changes to the characters we already know and love.Look out for the sexy DANIELA SEA / MAX SWEENEY storyline . I was n't sure about Max last year and was finding it hard to connect with him but this season has seen me doing a complete Uturn and looking forward to seeing how this character will develop further.KATHERINE MOENNIG / SHANE has not had the best of luck of late and we do feel sorry for her even though she 's brought a lot on herself but this season we see a new side of Shane with a storyline that rips your heart out and stamps all over it . . MIA KIRSHNER / JENNY SCHECTER - possibly the most ambiguous character on set , one minute you love her next minute you hate her . . this season is no different but is Jenny about to get a taste of her own medicine?LEISHA HAILEY / ALICE PIESZECKI - Lovable rogue Alice who seems to plod from one disastrous relationship to another gets an unlikley love interest this season that is set to question everything she believes in and we like where it 's going.RACHEL SHELLEY / HELENA PEABODY - I like what they 've done with her character this time around and if you hated her last season you 'll love her this year!LAUREL HOLLOMAN / TINA KENNARD - Season 4 leads us to where we knew it always would , the question on everyones lips is will they get back together or wo n't they?PAM GRIER / KIT PORTER - The Kitty cat is taking a walk on the wild side with some shocking revelations and descent into madness.and finally . . the delectable JENNIFER BEALS / BETTE PORTER - This stubborn pig headed control freak is having as equally confusing time as Shane this season , from flirtations students to ex partners and deaf lovers Bette 's getting them all this year!Season 4 of the L Word is explosive , heartwarming , knee trembling sensationalism and I ca n't wait to see the rest of the boxset!Fantastic whether you be straight or a little bit twisted ; -RRB-
 The title says it itself . Jennifer Schecter -LSB- Mia Kirshner -RSB- is the most pivotal character on `` The L Word '' . The end .
 Yes , ironically , this TV series , with a deaf lead , actually does not have subtitles for the hearing impaired.The show is great , but this unbelievable oversight shows a pitiful lack of sensitivity -LRB- as well as common decency -RRB- on the part of the producers .
 We 've bought all the seasons , and pre-bought upcoming seasons as soon as they were announced . It 's great to have the extra features available on the DVD , be able to choose which episodes to watch or re-watch , and invite friends over to watch with us . Though we do n't relate to the extremes the characters portray -- excess , beauty , lots and lots of sex with many partners , and what seems like a trademark of the show
 After viewing season three i really thought the L Word may have jumped the shark . I am pleased to say after viewing the entire new season 4 collection that the writing made a major come back and i will be waiting in anticipation for season 5 for the next year.The additional characters and story lines added to the show this year were much more real and thoughtful . My hope is that the regulars all return next season and the writers to not allow Jenny to take over the year with any more bizarre epidsodes that continue to make me want to cringe.I think this was one of the best seasons of the L Word period and highly suggest any doubters give it a look . The girls all looked great this year !
 Buy every season except the last one . It is crap and slaps you in the face for having followed these characters for five years .
 The L Word is quite disrespectful to transgendEred.There are always little jokes that Jenny makes about Max -LRB- Gender identity is fluid and not important as much as living a good life . . noble . . -RRB- which are supposed to be funny.Daniela Sea is possibly the most feminine , high pitched voiced woman in the world and to see her play transgendered female into male -LRB- Let 's get a sexy butch to play him . . -RRB- Max is kind of funny.But the jokes are n't .
 This film is stunning . The real Aileen Wournos is alternately scary and sad . This documentary is openly revealing and will make you contemplate justice.Aileen Wournos has been labeled a serial killer because of the murders she committed on 7 men who sought her services as a prostitute in Florida . Her story is depicted in the movie , `` Monster , '' and after watching this film I give more credit to Charlene Theron -LRB- the actress who portrayed Wournos -RRB- because Theron really got her mannerisms down . Beyond the glory of the Hollywood movie however is a life that spun out of control . Wournos was born as a breech birth , abused drugs , came from a broken home , was sexually promiscuous and was ostracized from her home at 13 after giving birth to a baby and giving it up for adoption . So what , a lot of people experience the same circumstances and manage not to commit murder , right ? Well in my opinion this case is as complicated as it gets . In this film , director Nick Broomfield brings to a head all of these questions and allows the public to see the behind the scenes mind of a notorious `` serial killer , '' and how she got that way.Wournos gives several interviews during 2002 to Broomfield and as the film progresses she changes . At first Wournos appears severely angry , completely devoid of manners and calculating . Her eyes are black and somehow eerie to peer into and her laugh is a wicked cackle . When she loses her temper she does look like a `` monster '' and is quiet scary . But as the time passes it becomes more than obvious that the woman is completely insane . Her story changes and her original plea of self-defense becomes cold-blooded murder and then she changes her tale back again . She suffers from paranoia and begins to think the police knowingly allowed her to murder in order to clean up abusive men from the streets of Florida . Wournos attempts to explain how the prison is rigged with sound waves in order to destroy her brain ... here is where I lost it . This woman suffered her entire life and while I do not agree with her resorting to murder to appease her own weary soul I do feel our justice system owed her better treatment . Should insanity be punished by death ? I questioned my own thoughts on the death penalty for days after watching this film.Nick Broomfield did an excellent job on this stunning documentary , bringing up many necessary points regarding our justice system . For instance Wournos is given a psychiatric evaluation by 3 doctors a day before her execution and they only interviewed her for 15 minutes . Being a layperson and watching Wournos speak for 15 minutes I was able to see that she is totally and sadly insane , why did n't the real doctors ? One of the more emotional moments of the film is when Broomfield tells Wournos that he spoke with her real mother . Wournos becomes eerily enraged and horribly violent but after watching the mother 's interview it is plain to see Wournos is not the only person at fault in her life . Wournos made a statement before her death stating `` I 'll be back , '' and sadly I feel her spirit exists in many young lives that are left on the streets and forgotten , only to suffer from abuse and neglect because they can not conform to `` normal '' society . Yes , murder is wrong but so is the abuse and torture that accompanies all those `` innocent '' sexual perverts who prey on our lost and lonely youths . Wournos was executed , she should have been institutionalized in a mental hospital and probably behind bars for life , but how many others will suffer her same fate ? I hope we can all learn something from this important documentary .
 I saw Patty Jenkin 's `` Monster '' but did not see British documentarian Nick Broomfield 's 1992 work `` Aileen Wuornos
 This is a documentary about Aileen Wuomos , who was executed in Florida after ten years on death row for murdering seven men . Here we meet the real Aileen , a prostitute who worked the truck routes in Florida . We get to meet some of the people in her life . And we can clearly see that , especially at the end of the film , she is insane.Aileen had a horrible life . She comes from Michigan and grew up without a mother in a brutal household . When she was 13 she had a baby who was given up for adoption . After that , she was n't let back into her home and actually lived in the woods . In Michigan this meant freezing in cold and snow . That 's why she went to Florida , where it is warm.She was a lesbian and had a few years of happiness with her lover , but her lover testified against her at the trial after tricking her to reveal her guilt in a series of taped phone calls . This all should have made me feel sorry for her , but I could n't . In the trial she testified that each of the men she murdered abused her in some way . She gave very graphic testimony about this but the jury did n't believe her . Later , after she was on death row awhile she said she made it all up and that she murdered them because she wanted her money . And then she whispered to the filmmaker when she thought she was off camera that she was , in fact , abused.She 's angry a lot . And she also smiles sweetly at times , especially when she greets the filmmaker . And then she goes into her story about how it was the cops who let her murder because they wanted to sell her story to the movies . She is probably paranoid about this . But of course , there is a movie out now that seems to indicate that Hollywood knew that this would make a good story.I felt the documentary was well done by the British filmmaker , Nick Bloomfield . I got the feeling he , too , had mixed feelings about Aileen and was trying to tell her story as well as bring out the truth . This documentary goes right up to the execution . And even though we do n't see that actual event , we learn what she wanted for dinner and what she wanted to wear . Also , although she talked a lot about religion and Jesus , she never wanted to talk to a minister.It 's a creepy story and it 's well done . Definitely recommended .
 Nick Broomfield 's companion piece to his 1992 documentary `` Aileen
 Aileen was a severely mentally ill woman . Most likely suffering from post traumatic stress syndrome due to a horribly abusive childhood . All one has to do is drive through any city and become aware of the women who live on the streets and the budget motels . . and wonder what is in the making ??? At the end Aileen was totally delusional and decompensated . Sad to watch Jeb Bush ignore his options and allow a women this mentally ill to be put to death all for the sake of politics .
 Interesting look at the life of Aileen Wuronos Serial Killer . Powerful informative Documentary about the life and trials of Aileen . It tells her whole story from when she was born up until the last minute of her death . Covers all aspects and you get to meet the real Aileen . Charlize Theron did a great job portraying her in Monster but this is true to life and in your face reality . We get to see Aileens motives for killing , why she did it , how she feels etc. . At times you feel for her and think this is a real human being and does she deserve this , at other times one could think she might be mentally ill due to her accusations that the police knew she was going to commit her crimes . We get to see her anger , hate , fear , pain and all the human aspects of her personality . At times she can come off as normal and engaging and at other times full of hate and anger . We get to find out her last meal , see her last interviews and know what song she requested at her funeral . This is a must see if you liked Monster . 4 Stars .
 Aileen Wuornos is a fascinating woman , and her interviews are by far the most mesmerizing part of this documentary film . At times charming , confrontational , remorseful and frightening , Aileen constantly contradicts herself , at times repenting for her crimes and showing sympathy for her victim 's families , and at other times maintaining her position as a victim of circumstance and society . So whereas the `` Monster '' film showed a clearer , more linear narrative of Aileen 's life , this documentary leaves the viewer with far more questions than answers . A few of which are `` Was Aileen really horrifically abused by her father ? '' `` Did Aileen 's first victim really rape and torture her ? '' `` Does Aileen really want to be die ? '' The only question that seems to have a clear answer after watching this film is this one
 Not much too say that has n't already been touched on , but I really enjoyed this film . I found it most eerie . Towards the end , she seems completely insane . I highly recommend it . A lot of interview coverage with Aileen . I do n't think Broomfield being openly sympathetic to Aileen made it any less enoyable . . if anything it gives you more feeling for the movie . I 've seen most of Broomfield 's documentaries -LRB- this one , Kurt & Courtney , Biggie & Tupac -RRB- and I have enjoyed all of them , I like the way his documentaries flow and I like the way his voice sounds and how he conducts interviews and puts his film together . I enjoy Nick Broomfield documentaries a lot more than Michael Moore documentaries !
 Of course , Nick Broomfield is Nick Broomfield , a British film-maker , not Jesus , but what I am trying to say is
 Aileen
 Clearly , after viewing this , we see that Aileen Wuornos was insane . Her eyes almost pop out of her head as she spouts her belief that the cops knew from the beginning of her killing rampage , that she was doing the killings , that they were watching her every move from helicopters , from which they secretly dropped down on ropes and spied on her . She tells , in her final interview , that she wants everyone to know the cops allowed her to go on killing so they would make more money off her story.She tells of `` stuff '' being put on her food in prison so that she has to wash every bite she eats . She tells of the one time she did n't wash her food when she became sick for three weeks.And who would n't be insane after the life she lived ? Selling her body as a nine year old child , living for two years in the woods , through the Michigan winters in junked cars at the age of thirteen , was the start of a long horrible road toward the final crackup.The bitter end of her last bit of sanity came when a john with a long record of brutal rapes and sexual assaults tortured her , pouring alcohol into her genitals , into her ears , mouth , nose and eyes . During her trial , she details how he strangled her and tortured her and how she managed to save her own life by shooting him.She then had to go on selling her body to strange men in cars to survive , and to support her lover . And yet I believe she had post traumatic stress syndrome after the torture and found it safer to simply shoot the men who picked her up for sex and rob them . Reason was gone . It was all about survival , getting money and not being tortured again . There was deep rage . There was fear and hatred.She showed the lack of any compassion to her victims that she had been shown her entire life.The pretty neighborhood in Michigan where Aileen spent her childhood had a lot of dysfunctional families and drug abuse . There was the question of Aileen 's grandfather being her actual father.Her mother abandoned her when she was six months old . We see her interviewed and she says only that after Aileen is executed she will sleep better.The state of Florida was so eager to execute Aileen that they hired three psychiatrists to examine her for fifteen minutes each and pronounce her sane , so Jeb Bush could sign the papers to kill her.As the movie states , one wonders exactly what one would have to do to be found insane , if Aileen could be found sane . She was delusional , paranoid and psychotic.I kept hoping that there would be at long last a shred of compassion coming from someone somewhere who did n't want to take advantage of her , but it never happened . A man in her pastwho was having regular sex with her describes how he would walk in front of her and pretend he did n't know her in public . She had wanted to be his girlfriend but he described in foul language how he did n't want anyone to know he was associated with her.I found this documentary to be extremely well done . It was riveting to watch Aileen speak . It is a picture of insanity that tells the story of how an insane woman was executed in Florida , for crimes which I believe she should have been found innocent by reason of insanity . I do n't think , given her mental state , that she could have had done anything differently.This is a real life tale of a tragic life and it is well told . The viewer is left to draw his or her own conclusions armed with the actual sight of Aileen , telling her thoughts .
 After seeing the movie Monster which was based on the life of the first female serial killer Aileen Wuornos , I was interested in seeing the real Aileen herself speaking of the murders she commited . This film does a great job of delivering to us a glimpse into the childhood and mind of a disturbed woman . The interviews are great and Aileen holds nothing back while talking to Nick . We get to see actual footage of her trials and of her proclaiming her innocence to admitting the she lied about being raped and having to kill in self defense . We are able to look into her black eyes and see the rage she felt . We see interviews with her few close friends who explain the terrible things that happened in Aileen 's life that led her to Florida and eventually to being a hooker . She 's labeled a serial killer because as she said , `` she has a number '' . She murdered 7 men with the motive being to take their money and their vehicle . She admits that she had to kill them so they would n't go to the police . Aileen always believed that the police knew it was her killing these men but that they let her kill so they could make money off of her . However way you want to look at it , Aileen was a murderer but also a victim of circumstance . It is almost sad to see her speaking of her execution right until the day before it took place . Aileen came clean before her execution in 2002 by lethal injection after serving many years on death row . In her own words ... `` You have to kill Aileen Wuornos or she will kill again '' . Also , I must say what a Excellent job Charlize Theron did playing Aileen in the movie Monster . It is no wonder she won an award for the movie . This DVD of real interviews is very revealing and very interesting for anyone who is curious about the real `` Monster '' .
 This is Mr. Broomfield 's sequel to `` The Selling of a Serial Killer '' . Both are very well researched . It is n't often that you are treated to the facts as they really are . We are usually served the psycho-babble of distortion which is not present in either of these films . After viewing these films one is left feeling that maybe , just maybe there might be something wrong with our system of justice . When someone -LRB- Tye -RRB- is an accomplice to murder , an accessory after the fact and received stolen property -LRB- victim 's cars and cash -RRB- can walk away with movie and book deals and their freedom there is a serious problem with the system . This movie is very well done and left me feeling that I knew Aileen Wournos as a person not as a serial killer.I highly recommend this movie and the prequel .
 This is a great movie . It 's very hard to watch . Watching Lee is difficult . She is clearly insane . Broomfield is obviously against the death penalty . In many of the southern states they put crazy people to death like Aileen Wuornos . It is sad . But you ca n't put yourself above it all . We are all capable of good and bad ; and often many of us have murderous thoughts . Hopefully a sense of morality and deep humanity keeps us from committing murder . It 's an uncomfortable movie ultimately because most of us feel sympathy for Lee Wuornos . We can see , even though she is clearly insane , that she says level-headed things . She definitely belonged in jail or a mental insitution for life , but she did n't deserve to die . This movie is much better than Monster . I am a big fan of Charlize Theron but that Monster movie is a glamorization . It does n't portray the complex nature of the real event .
 The DVD Aileen - Life and Death of a Serial KillerDVD is a great companion piece to the movie `` Monster . '' I bought this after purchasing `` Monster '' because for some reason I thought this documentary was included on the `` Monster '' DVD . For people wanting to know more about the woman behind the movie this documentary is captivating and worth the purchase .
 The second documentary features mainly the life of Aileen Wuornos waiting for execution . But watching this fact on screen , and the real woman herself who is clearly seen driven to the edge of reasons , is a more fascinating or frightening experience than seeing the Aileen by Charlize Theron -LRB- though her achievement should not be denied -RRB- . As many other reviewers said , this film is less about the killings ; it 's more about the life of Aileen when she was a child in a small community , and when she was waiting for the last moment of her life , both reconstructed by interviews including that of her biological mother and her best friend.Nick Bloomfield did a good job in capturing how it would be for her to wait in the Death Row . Aileen , wide-eyed , with unkempt hair , is very terrifying and at the same time rivetting , showing the confused inner side of herself . Even though we know that she killed seven people , and that we can not take everything she says at face value , we keep on listening to her , no matter what she is trying to say.I for one disliked the way Nick Bloomfield 's political opinions -LRB- or bias -RRB- influencing the film . Some sarcastic commentary only hinders the true value of the materials he collected for the film , especially when he connects Aileen with the people like Jeb Bush . To many viewers , it is too obvious , better left unsaid . And the film is about Aileen , and it should be throughout . -LRB- And I think he should have hired a professional actor as narrator . -RRB- The film is always fascinating to see , even when Nick is summoned as witness in court ... -LRB- and for what ? See it for yourself for it is about the previous documentary he made , which , it seems , turns out less accurate than it was thought . -RRB- Though flawed , the film is worth your time , especially when you hear Aileen 's last words -LRB- including the name of one sci-fi blockbuster film -RRB- , which are more or less unique , and very pathetic .
 After watching `` Monster '' and knowing that Aileen came from a town near where I am from , I became more interested in her story and watched this ` sequel ' type movie to learn more about her . On top of her own story of murder and internal rage , on top of the story of her tortured childhood , it takes you inside her environment through her entire life , inside of her mind . This documentary takes you through how she has developed as a person due to environmental factors , circumstance , mental health , and other aspects you may not have considered . It takes you beginning to end in multiple perspectives , and it does not fail to keep your attention . You will question whether you sympathize , or not ... merely through observation . Highly recommended .
 Great video . She was n't as crazy as everyone thought she was . Her actions and mannerisms were taken out of context . Example ... On the cover of the Dvd , she was pullint her hair back not choking herself . She got tired of JeB Bush keeping her on death row for 12 years so she admitted something that was n't true to get her excecution carried out and not be commuted to life in prison . If you have ever worked on the inside you understand where she is coming from . I do n't think the punishment fit the crimes . She killed yes but was n't a serial killer . The difference is a number
 I shudder to think how many Aileen Wuornos ' are still out there -- or in the making.DVD video/audio quality
 I am already a huge fan of Nick Broomfield ; his documentaries are truthful and caring . He knew Aileen for 12 years and she asked him to do her final interview the night before her execution . He did whatever he could to help her , but she was n't going to let anything prevent her from being executed . This documentary not only explains her whole history and horrific childhood , he goes to Michigan and even speaks to Aileen 's birth mother.A must see .
 I honestly wonder how much of her final tirade was real -LRB- at least in her mind -RRB- or just another story she made up to get attention.She appeared to have been quite intelligent , so who knows what she might have become had she been raised under different circumstances?I had to crack up when her friend Dawn said she believes homosexuality was only invented in recent years . lol
 Charlize Theron did such a magnificent job playing Aileen Wurnos because I have such a hard time separating the real woman , as shown in this documentary , from the portrayal by Theron . Nick Broomfield does a very good job covering this Serial Killer in his documentary . This is the only case of a serial killer where I felt some sympathy for the killer . She ca n't be excused in the least for her murders , of course . However , she was the living proof that prostitutes hate their male clients . Aileen Wurnos lived a life wherein no sexual act was too degrading for her , no john she did n't accept . She had no hope for a better life . She did have a love relationship with another woman though so was able to have some feelings . She did her killings in Florida which is a state which likes using the death penalty . She was duly executed for her crime there . i did not find her personally as chilling as Ted Bundy and other serial killers but that 's probably because Wurnos was no threat to other women . I find it surprising , after viewing this documentary , that more women prostitutes have n't turned into serial killers .
 NOVOCAINE provides a new perspective on the annual dental check-up . Steve Martin plays Dr. Frank Sangster , a successful dentist content with his practice and the love of his oral hygienist , Jean -LRB- Laura Dern -RRB- . Well , maybe he 's just a little bored . One day , Frank gains a new patient , the bewitching Susan -LRB- Helena Bonham Carter -RRB- . During an after hours appointment , her smoldering question , `` Have you done it in The Chair '' , causes Doc to use a drill of another sort . Unfortunately , as many men can ruefully corroborate , the failure to keep it zipped under stress has consequences . In Frank 's case , they include suspicion of drug dealing and arrest for murder . And what were his teeth marks doing all over the corpse?NOVOCAINE is somewhat reminiscent of the 1985 film noir AFTER HOURS . In both , the hero finds his life going down the toilet due to bizarre circumstances beyond his control . However , in the former , the plot is darker and the humor has a harder edge . Indeed , NOVOCAINE is often more drama than comedy . Having made his reputation as a comedian , Steve Martin is remarkably deadpan serious in his role as the foil for the , um , more interesting characters that have forced their way into Sangster 's life . Scott Caan , regrettably on screen all too briefly , is chillingly menacing as Susan 's psycho brother , Duane . Kevin Bacon is excellent as the actor spending time with the police department to absorb local color for an upcoming gig . Carter has the meatiest role as the strung-out and abused , but basically good-hearted , Susan . And Laura Dern , always a Babe worth an ogle , is effective as Frank 's understanding girlfriend . Maybe too understanding , come to think of it.Sangster 's solution to his growing list of problems is this quirky film 's weirdest touch . It 's not something you 'd want to try at home when flossing just is n't enough .
 i thought this movie was sooo funny ! i loved it ! : -RRB- Helena was sooo GREAT in it ! she 's always really awesome in her movies ! : -RRB- you should all definately see this . . its a great comedy . . and you never know whats gon na happen next ! : -RRB-
 Do n't expect to laugh at this one . It is sad in many ways . It is a well written story of tragedy ... and it all starts when Martin 's character gives into temptation ... a temptation he will regret .
 Steve , I hope you read reviews ! Okay guys
 i seen the movie . it was good in parts and not good in others . I am wanting to get som novocaine for my self and pull my own teeth out so i can be a dentist to . steve martin is very funny and should not have been in this moovie because dentists are not supposed to be funny . thet like to pull your teeth out .
 Just saw Novocaine at the Boston Film Festival . Steve Martin was there in person to accept the 2001 performance award for his role in the film . What a clever black comedy suspense thriller . Steve Martin stars as a dentist who falls in with Helena Bonham Carter , a young girl who uses the dentist to get her prescriptions for painkillers . Laura Dern is Steve 's sexy co-worker/fiancee who does n't realise that her man is off having sex with a druggie . Along the way , Steve Martin 's character becomes embroiled in lies , deceit , and murder . A clever and funny film . Trying to figure out who-dun-it and why was never so much fun . ** Kevin Bacon is hilarious in his cameo as Lance Phelps . His best performance in years .
 I am a dental hygienist , although not nearly as obsessive-compulsive and crazy as Laura Dern 's Jean Noble . I must say that I thoroughly enjoyed this film!A local oral surgeon sponsored a private screening for local dentists and their staff members . In other words , the theater was packed with dental professionals . We had a ball ! It played very well to our audience , as the movie was technically very good -LRB- dentally speaking -RRB- . Other dental-type movies have left a lot to be desired in that category!The movie was indeed a comedy , allbeit a dark comedy . It 's the kind of humor where you laugh , but with your hand over your mouth to cover up the fact that your humor is a bit deranged . Although , perhaps I am speaking for myself.Laura Dern , Steve Martin , Helena Bonham Carter , and Kevin Bacon all turn in super performances . It was a fun ride , and the who-done-it guessing game was much fun!I recommend this movie , especially to the dental community or anyone who is not squeamish !
 Novocaine is labeled as a dark comedy in the reviews here , a conclusion I do n't necessarily see from the film . It is nuanced entertainment , you do n't expect anything else from a Steve Martin fare , and it does have its quirky elements . But I 'd perhaps call it a murder suspense thriller with wit . Just go with the suspension of disbelief , and enjoy the plot twists as the craziness of the `` decay '' takes its hold . Recommended !
 Taking a cheap shot at your dentist is a cherished and venerable tradition of gallows humor . There is no profession -LRB- except maybe lawyering -RRB- that takes it on the chin like denistry . Maybe that 's why dentists have the highest suicide rate of any profession . David Atkin 's feature debut , `` Novocaine '' is a dark comedy of an annoyingly smug dental practitioner who falls prey to a deliciously amoral femme fatale.Frank Sangster , played by Steve Martin , is a suburban dentist who has it all
 Steve Martin 's new film is a nice redirection from his overtly comic work -LRB- though even when Steve is serious , he 's funny -RRB- . It harkens towards his role in the Spanish Prisoner only he is more the focus in this movie . The entire cast does a great job and the end result is a very entertaining Hitchcockian thriller/black comedy . If you 're looking for Parenthood then look somewhere else , if you 're looking for a unique and well-executed thriller then this is it .
 Steve Martin and Helena Bonham Carter 's outing into comedic film noir in `` Novocaine '' is not destined to be in the Criterion Collection of great movies . But it is fun to watch ... in part because I recently discovered that Bonham-Carter and Martin were involved with each other -LRB- I do n't know whether this was before , during , or after the movie was shot -RRB- . In any case , the two leads had some chemistry ... And since I love Helena Bonham Carter -LRB- almost as much as I like Kate Winslet -RRB- , that made `` Novocaine '' more than watchable for me . < spoilers > The plot is simple . Steve Martin plays a dentist who seems to have it all
 If you like Steve Martin , then you 'll probably like this movie . I give it four stars because it earns its weight in laughs and entertaining scenes . The Amazon review misleads . It 's true , it does n't completely ` find its footing ' , and by all means it 's not a `` perfect '' film or comedy - but for sheer easy going fun , with a black humour edge , you could do a whole lot worse than this film . I did n't regret watching it . It certainly ends with a bit of a stretch that 's a little too convenient -LRB- but of course the whole movie is highly implausable ! -RRB- . Still , I found that in this 95 minute film , the interest level is pretty high for at least 75 of those minutes . And it was better than 3 stars too which I 'd reserve for films like `` Protocal '' which I saw recently with Goldie Hawn , who I really love in her better moments - that film was too predictable and the laughs were far and few between . This one gave me more than a few chuckles - loved Kevin Bacon 's performance . Beleivable ? Heck no . But in the comedy department , it scored 4 of 5 in laughs -LRB- or at least chuckles -RRB- . If you 're not too demanding , or expecting Stanley Kubricks ' next masterpiece , you 'll have fun with Steve in this over-the-top movie with understated humor .
 I had n't seen this movie before a few weeks ago and I ordered the DVD . I love Steve Martin and I especially enjoy him in different roles -LRB- other than comedy -RRB- . I loved Shopgirl , in this regard , and this movie was a different challenge for Mr. Martin as well.Laura Dern was excellently cast , as well as Helena Bonham-Carter . I love small-ensemble films and this was one . I 'd recommend you see it if you have n't and you really like Steve Martin .
 Steve Martin 's kind of humor obviously is not for everyone , but he happens to be an intelligent actor who can make seeing a film like this a joy . The only problem is in which direction are we being sent
 I must admit that I did n't expect too much from this movie , but its noir-lightness delivered . Steve Martin plays a dentist leading a life all too mind-numbingly -LRB- as if on Novocaine -RRB- smooth , perfect , and boring until enter the femme-fatale drug addict with a heart Helena Bonham Carter . Carter is somewhat miscast , but Laura Dern as the dental assistant/fiancee to Martin 's character all too perfect and perky does a role here.The opening montage showing the skeletal works of a person chewing are unique and when the narrator mentions decay and how it destroys from the inside out building up insidiously , it will leave you running for dental floss and a toothbrush . The director 's narrative that goes along with this DVD reveals some unique facts . Take for instance , the fact that the director 's father and brother were both dentists . Teeth run in the family . It lends some realism to the storyline centering on a dentists supposedly gone bad.Just when you think you are on to this story , it takes twists and turns that , try as you might , take you blind-sided and pleasantly surprised . There are a few moments the movie misses when sticky-sweet romance enters the equation , but for the most part the movie is right on the mark . It takes some different turns than classical noir and does n't follow that formula . Though not on par with Hitchcock , it runs in that vein and wo n't disappoint someone that is looking for noir with an additional twist .
 . This is a great movie . you have to see it . i seen it earlier . it is a comedy that will make you laugh . when a sexy patient Helena Bolham-Carter -LRB- Susan Ivy -RRB- walks in , she suduces steve martin -LRB- Frank Sangter -RRB- into prescribing her drugs -LRB- with a large habit for painkillers -RRB- , now he is a suspect of a murder . I will not tell you the ending . you will have to find that out for yourself . JJ
 i thought this movie was sooo funny ! i loved it ! : -RRB- Helena was sooo GREAT in it ! she 's always really awesome in her movies ! : -RRB- you should all definately see this . . its a great comedy . . and you never know whats gon na happen next ! : -RRB-
 Terriffic perfomances by Steve Martin & Laura Dern . Supporting cast a plus as well.A dark comedy revolving around crime , passion , obsession , and posession . Dern is all the rave , she becomes her roleas the perfect hygenist love interest to Martin . Martin seems to be entering a mid-life crisis
 I heard of Novocaine over last years Christmas season but learned that it was a limited release feature.I knew I would probally most likly never ever see in my life but I was wrong.After viewing this feature on Pay Per View I found out that I was glad to find out about it on the Internet.Being not such a fan of Steve Martin 's older work I was surprised on how great his preformance was.Me also being a fan of black comendy could also have something to do with me liking the film so much.The supporting cast -LRB- Helana Bonham Cater and Laura Dern -RRB- I have never even see or heard of.I have no comment on those actresses earlier on so they were a new acting experence for me.The film deserved a 4 star rating because of the un-nesserary profanity in the film.The volence was also a little bit too hign but all in all the plot was wonderful and the actor 's preformances were excellant.Would recomend to all.ENJOY !
 Novocain is definitely not what I expected it would be . I expected a screw ball comedy that was overly done and with bad actors . That is not what this movie is though.Steve Martin does a brilliant job in his role and makes me believe that he could do other things besides comedies . I believe that he has the talent to do dramas . But , his comedic abilities are tremendous , and they show through in the film in spots where only he could make it funny . The other actors did a good job too . Laura Dern was terrific and Helena Bonham Carter was also excellent.Novocain had great editing and directing . It definitely had me intrigued into the story . I do n't give it 5 stars simply because there were moments when the camera views and music were very cheesy and overdone.However , Novocain was an excellent film that did n't get enough praise and publicity . 4 Stars
 This film is for Helena Bonham Carter , Laura Dern and Steve Martin fans . Quirky but interesting enough with it 's twists and turns .
 Took me a while to understand that this time out , Steve Martin was going straight . I also had to swallow my natural distaste for the dental chair to stay with the film ; had I but known what was coming , however , I might have made my getaway early.At any rate , as a Who Dun it , it is watchable and , while not in the top drawer , is better than a typical B picture . Martin stays in character , without reaching for a laugh when he thought the script was letting him down . The supporting cast is good , the script fair to middlin ' . Of course , it is the star who holds the thing together , and manages to keep us from laughing when a laugh is not called for . There is some sex and language which should not disturb most viewers .
 This is n`t your typical Steve martin movie where he ` ll act goofy . its serious just like shop girl but this movie could be received well . if they ` ve used some other actor but Martin did justice to his role . its just , we are n`t used to watching him doing serious drama.Mainly if you are in health care profession then lesson you can learn from movie is , not to be deceived by looks it can cause lot of trouble for you . Movie starts slow but then evolve into better and better play . Nutshell story is About a dentist finds himself a murder suspect after a sexy patient seduces him into prescribing her drugs .
 Great movie of someone being taken advantage of . It is very easy to relate to Steve Martin in the movie ; he slowly gets sucked into a bad situation that evolves into a far worse situation , and its all very believable . Its a fun movie to watch , and does a good job of incorporating less mainstream , more creative artistic elements , like a noir-ish mood , good camera work , interesting cast , etc. . Helena Bonham Carter is outstanding , as always .
 `` Captured in Chinatown , '' a little Poverty Row thriller from 1935 , packs a whole lot of action , mystery , suspense , romance , and humor into a mere 53 minutes . This was the third and final film starring Tarzan the Police Dog , a handsome and very intelligent German Shepherd . And believe me , the great Rin-Tin-Tin and Lassie have nothing on Tarzan.Also , Alpha 's release of this movie is quite watchable . The picture and sound , while not perfect , are very good . `` Captured in Chinatown '' is very unusual in that all the actors who portray Asians are actually Asians ! Oftentimes , throughout much of America 's cinematic history , lead Asian roles in films were given to non-Asians , and Asians were regulated to playing support roles or bit parts . Not so in this low budget Weiss production.The movie is obviously loosely based on Shakespeare 's `` Romeo and Juliet , '' only this time the story takes place in Depression-era Los Angeles ' famed Chinatown district . There a deadly tong war has been raging between the Wong and Ling families for generations.Somehow amidst all the bloodshed , handsome Tom Wong -LRB- portrayed by Wing Foo -RRB- and beautiful Joy Ling -LRB- portrayed by Bo Ling -RRB- manage to fall in love . In the dead of night , Tom visits the Ling home and expresses to Joy 's astonished father his heartfelt wishes to marry his daughter . At first Mr. Ling says `` no , '' but then decides that the young couple 's love could be the key to bringing peace to the Ling and Wong families.Tom 's father also agrees with the idea of bringing the two families together through marriage . Mr. Wong gives his son a rare jade necklace to present to Joy as a wedding gift . The necklace is valued at $ 50,000 in 1935 dollars . That 's over $ 270,000 in today 's dollars.The newfound peace between the Ling and Wong families and the $ 50,000 wedding gift are front page news in all the L.A. newspapers . Ace reporter Bob Martin 's beat is Chinatown and he 's assigned to cover all the wedding festivities . Bob is portrayed by Charles Delaney.Bob never goes anywhere without his trusty dog and companion Tarzan the Police Dog . Added to this mix is a feisty cub reporter named Ann Parker , portrayed by Marion Shilling . She 's just been added to the newspaper staff and Bob has been assigned to teach her the ropes.Ann is as smart as she is pretty and very much a woman ahead of her times . When Bob playfully keeps calling her `` sister , '' Ann has finally had enough.In Chinatown , Ann stamps her foot on the sidewalk , gets in Bob 's face and says , `` My name 's not ` sister . ' My name 's ` Ann Parker ' and I expect you to call me that from now on . '' Bob looks like he 's been socked in the nose , and he sure does n't call Ann `` sister '' again.The plot in this film moves at breakneck speed . A gang of smalltime hoods make plans to steal the jade necklace out from under the noses of the wedding party and to pin the theft on the Ling family in the bargain.I do n't want to spoil the film by telling too much of the plot . But I will say that Tarzan manages to do some amazing things all the way through the film . And , unlike `` Romeo and Juliet , '' this story has a happy ending thanks to Tarzan.So if you love Poverty Row films with action that centers around exotic and mysterious Chinatown along with news hounds , gangsters , and one very smart dog , then `` Captured in Chinatown '' is your cup of jasmine tea .
 Besides the pornographic title , this movie is a nice , quaint movie . It 's especially fun if you 're above 40 years old . The only bad part is Rush 's American accent . It 's horrendous .
 Awesome movie , just love it ! A good reminder of NOT losing yourself along lives path ! Movie arived quickly and in excellent shape !!
 If your looking for off the wall , quirky , funny , this is it . Great price , too.If you understand &#34; sisterhood &#34; you will understand these girls , especially if you were a product of the 60 's . You probably wo n't relate on ever level , but enough to where you can appreciate and enjoy this.mso treat yourself and do enjoy .
 Brings back the 60 's . Not a movie for your younger viewers though . More for mature audiences . I really enjoyed it though . The team of Sarandon and Hawn was classic .
 This movie is so funny and touching at the same time . It shows that people are still finding themselves all the time ! If you like Goldie Hawn it 's a must see !!!
 Very Funny , but also had deep meaning about being true to yourself . It makes you realize it is important to have fun .
 I watched this movie because it had Goldie Hawn in it and I like her as an actress . The title does not portray what the movie is actually about . This is a really good movie and I would recomend for a `` girl 's '' movie night . It is actually pretty funny in parts . Not recomended for anyone under the age of Fifteen though . I would recomend you ladys add this one to your movie collection .
 Great flick and got the DVD in record time - enjoyed it several times already ! This is like my own life story ... as Suzette .
 An interesting film of generational change in america as we have in an opening scene we see a picture of the Hawn character , rocking and in a bar , and she seems to be a flower child , but she 's a partyer from the past who really doesnt change . The person enjoying herself and not wanting to change . She meets a man called Harry who is the opposite of the partyer , dour and circumspect . He 's a man who structures everything about his world , encloses and creates an environment for himself , and apart from the sensual Hawn character he is a thinker , seeking to understand and explore although he has a problem with a father character we will learn of later . The hawn character just wants physical sex no deep relationship with male -LRB- banger as in bang-her -RRB- that is the only relationship she will have with men ... the deep relationship she wants , the spiritual is with the Sarandon character , and they are like sisters and the Sarandon character has made a transformation from hippie to mother . . although she lapses . There are scenes of parties with girls , and how these mothers deal with them , but the film explores the tripartite relationship betweeen the three characters and that 's where the interest lies and also generational change . An interesting ending is the harry character who barney fife like with one bullet in a frenzy wants to kill dad for a ruined life and in these scenes the two female characters restrain him ... i find the film interesting as an exploration of bonding , and the character of harry who tries to frame and impose a meaning of life and the Hawn character he meets but life just wont fit into his pattern , his life is meaningless and frustrating , the pistol , which just shows how the most ardent attempts to understandind life scientifically can be waylaid on the pursuit of revenge ... he should put the father image out of his mind and learn to love the hawn character . . learning how to love is a better vocation than the science type mind , ... the film ends with the two woman and the milk billboard , where 's the milk , ... entertaining little film and its really goldie 's film but sarandon provides great support ... she 's more costar here and is better showcased elsewhere
 This is a great movie to feel good about your slutty past . Also , if you 're a woman who thinks she 's passed her prime , this movie will show you otherwise ! A feel good movie for women all around . It 's also great to watch with your best girl friend . You probably should n't watch it with your boyfriend or husband if they have a problem with your slutty past , because they will not laugh during the hilarious scene when Goldie and Susan take out all the pictures of male genitalia . YOU however will be laughing .
 I absolutely loved this movie . It was the perfect example of how our lives can be affected by re-initiating lost friendships . I was also very surprised to learn that the young lady playing Vinnie 's youngest daughter is Susan 's very own daughter.This movie really appealled to me , I give it the full thumbs up !!
 I was pleasantly surprised at this film . There is a lot of fun and good solid laughs . Goldie is absolutley brilliant , I do n't say that lightly . She is wonderful . Sarandon on the other hand , I was not so impressed with . Her acting seemed forced and phony.Geoffrey Rush is simply perfect alongside Goldie . He is natural in his role and I respect his acting abilities tremendously.The story line is not deep . -LRB- you can read about it in the other reviews -RRB- but as I said I was pleasantly surprised . The plot and jokes were not stupid , except when the daughters were involved . Oh , were they terrible.Gorgeous Goldie is the reason to see this film , and Geoffrey Rush -- he compliments and enhances her performance like a professional supporting actor should .
 I was pleasantly surprised at this film . There is a lot of fun and good solid laughs . Goldie is absolutley brilliant , I do n't say that lightly . She is wonderful . Sarandon on the other hand , I was not so impressed with . Her acting seemed forced and phony.Geoffrey Rush is simply perfect alongside Goldie . He is natural in his role and I respect his acting abilities tremendously.The story line is not deep . -LRB- you can read about it in the other reviews -RRB- but as I said I was pleasantly surprised . The plot and jokes were not stupid , except when the daughters were involved . Oh , were they terrible.Gorgeous Goldie is the reason to see this film , and Geoffrey Rush -- he compliments and enhances her performance like a professional supporting actor should .
 Despite the predictability of the cliched script , `` The Banger Sisters '' is fun and enjoyable . Goldie Hawn and Susan Saradon are absolutely fabulous in the title roles -- two women who lived it loud and large -- over twenty years ago !!! Upon going their seperate ways , Suzette -LRB- Hawn -RRB- kept on partying , and now works as a bartender in Hollywood -LRB- Go Roxy !!! -RRB- . Vinnie , however , has married money , and is living a proper upscale life , or so she thinks . Along comes Suzette to complicate her blissful life and make her realize how unhappy she actually is . There are some very fun moments I wo n't spoil , and the film is solid entertainment throughout , if nothing more . There is an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers . The fabulous supporting cast , including Sarandon 's real life daughter as her on-screen offspring , have great chemistry , making the film so much better than it should be . It 's all pretty standard stuff , but you ca n't help smile watching it .
 I love this movie ! The gorgeous Goldie Hawn and the gorgeous Susan Sarnadon are hillarious as Suzette , and Vinny -LRB- `` LA LA LA VINIA '' , As Hawn 's character hillariously taunts when Sarandon 's character tells her not to call her Vinny anymore -RRB- former group groupies who reunite after 20 years . Goldie is a free spirited hippie chick still , and Susan plays an uptight wife and mother who 's secret past and best friendship with Suzette is not known to her husband and two daughters . But Suzzette -LRB- Hawn -RRB- rebonds with Vinny , and hysterical situations abound ! GREAT MOVIE !
 I agree with some of the previous reviews that this movie has redeeming qualities -LRB- especially nostalgia for the 60s -RRB- , which overshadow its discount,economy-type plot.Also great to have Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon together , and playing off one another , while they are still in their prime . Call me a fan , but they are both unique individuals and beautiful women.Right now in this great nation , we cold use a good shot of the 1960s , and it is great to relax after a day of 24-hour-cable coverage of the war , load up on some twinkies and Tang , and relive the 60s , and then how we all got sidetracked , far away from the original `` cause '' and our college graduation vision to `` change the world for the better . '' Whatever happened to all that?The movie gives us the extreme , just so we do n't miss the point . And it also gives us a bonus -- Geoffrey Rush , as the eccentric cash cow who funds a cash-challenged Hawn on her pilgrimage to reunite with Sarandon . Susan is rich , but not happy.No big violent chase scene in this movie , but lots of chatter between the `` Bangers '' who did just thatwhen Frank Zappa and Steppenwolf and the Doors and so many others told us what was happening , and inspired us to try and make this a better world . Thanks a lot Susan and Goldie , and those of you who took the time to read this . Let 's all share a dream of world peace , and do everything we can to make it a reality .
 This movie tickled me to my toes . My husband and I opened a bottle of wine and settled in for a ride that shook us both with laughter . With Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon-two of the classiest acts in the business-starring as 2 former hell-raisers , how could you go wrong?Two former groupies -LRB- with a list of `` conquests '' that would make Heidi Fleiss blush -RRB- are reunited after Hawn 's smoking , drinking , fast-living character-in need of some money-hunts down Sarandon , who is in the midst of living her `` perfect '' life , her wild past buried forever -LRB- or so she thinks . -RRB- Sarandon 's real-life daughter plays one of her daughters in the movie and the resemblance between the two is striking.Geoffrey Rush was a clever side-dish in this hysterical story and added his own element to the mix.This is a perfect show for baby-boomers who did most of their partying in the late 60s-mid 70s . Not for the prim and proper or the uptight , this just might bring back some great memories and might make you reach for the phone to call that `` best girlfriend '' from high school .
 We Loved this movie , great script , Acting , laugh meter , hit all the right spots , one quick sceen that has nudity could of left that out but otherwise we loved it .
 If you love Goldie Hawn & Susan Saradon , you will love this comedy about these 2 ladies . It 's highly entertaining and witty . Take a chance , add this movie to your collection & enjoy .
 This movie is great , we get so wrapped up in being a Mrs , a mom and others that we lose sense of ourselves .
 I caught this one by pure chance with the DVD - a sanitized version with commercials , no less ! I still found this film absolutely delightful , and laughed out loud on several occasions ! Not deep , by any means , but Susan and Goldie are perfectly cast in this roles . I absolutely loved watching Vinnie 's -LRB- Susan -RRB- transformation to be true to herself and pass this on to her daughters . While the drugs and sex references - even in the ` clean ' version - are n't acceptable for the younger audiences , I 'd highly recommend this film for a ` Girl 's Night Out ' DVD with your best friends and a pitcher of marguaritas !
 Okay - overall the DVD and movie were pretty good . I liked the pairing of Goldie and Susan ... Here 's the real reason for my review - on the DVD - as you are looking at the main screen there is a song playing ... I 'm desperately seeking someone who knows what that song is ... Other than that ... I 'd suggest this movie to someone looking for a fair amont of sensical whimsy girl power .
 I love Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon and will watch anything , especially if Sarandon is in it -LRB- exception is Dead Man Walking , horrible movie -RRB- . Anyway , this is a delightful movie and well worth watching .
 I absolutely loved this movie . I have a girlfriend that is closest to my heart and has been for many years . Although we have never been `` groupies '' we have had some serious nights out being single and having fun . If you have a friend that can read your mind and is close to you , watch it !!!
 `` Everything I own is beige ! '' complains Susan Sarandon.That quote is one of many unexpected revolutions that keeps the audience anxious for more . Oscar winners Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon star in this comedy about two middle aged women who are former rock star groupies . One of them is still rocking , one of them is business tame . The rocking woman tries to sense the business woman back to her roots . Both duos have the perfect chemistry . The screenplay , directing , and producing is terrific , giving a unique twist that people all ages can enjoy . `` Banger Sisters '' proves that no one is too old to party hard . This movie is great for those looking for a great laugh fest . *** Those wanting to discover the biggest revolution must watch `` Banger Sisters '' . Revealing it now would reveal the entire movie plot .
 I could n't believe the amount of reviews bashing this movie ! I happened to find it an amusing , rockin ' , and slightly heartfelt account of two friends who lived it up during the 60 's ; one which always stayed true to herself and the other , living as a complete fraud . As a hardcore Jim Morrison fan , I loved the mention of Jim 's name throughout the movie . Who would n't wanted to have `` rattled '' him back in the day ? The only part of this movie I did n't like were Susan Sarandon 's children
 The Banger Sisters is a funny , feel good movie about living with the past and being yourself . Goldie Hawn is hilarious and Susan Surandon is is brilliant as Lavinia , groupie turned mother and business woman . All around , the Banger Sisters is a very funny , well done movie . This film is not for children under 16 . It contains sexuality , nudity , language , drug and sexual content .
 all in all , this movie was pretty good . . the first part was a bit slow , but as soon as goldie hawn and susan sarandon meet , it 's a whole lot of fun . . the ending was the only part i did n't like . . and the cutest part is at the hospital . . they have good chemistry and play off each other well . . rent it and u wo n't regret it
 It was not like a big blockbuster type of movie , but it was a good movie to see on a rainy day . It was very good . Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon shine ! I recommend everyone to see it - men will like it too !!
 This movie was enjoyable from beginning to end ... many `` laugh-out-loud '' moments . -LRB- This is not strictly a `` chick flick '' . . I think the guys will enjoy it too ! -RRB-
 Even this picture is not a full masterpiece , it makes its job and justifies by far , your choice.This movie works out as multilevel mistakes ' 0 comedy who involves two generations with its differences and coincidences . Goldie is very glamorous she has one my everlasting beloved actress in the cinema . She literally steals the show with her facial expressions , exremely nice and gentle . Sarandon and Rush complete this cast in this funny entertainment . Do not miss it !
 When a middle aged woman by the name of Suzette -LRB- Oscar-Winner : Goldie Hawn -RRB- , who works in a bar and who was also an ex-groupie , when she gets fired from her job . When she misses her friend-Lavinia -LRB- Oscar-Winner : Susan Sarandon -RRB- , Suzette decides to go see her in Phoenix but in the same time , she meets an unusual oddball Screen-Writer -LRB- Oscar-Winner : Geoffrey Rush -RRB- , who also going to the City . Suzette gets there , which she has n't change a bit and her best friend did , now married with a successful lawyer -LRB- Robin Thomas -RRB- and two pretty but spoiled teenaged daughters -LRB- Erika Christensen & Eva Amurri -RRB- . Suzette gets her friend into remembering as her wild days as groupie and they relived thier friendship and how they missed it and times has changed.Directed by first-timer : Bob Dolman and also written this film , which Dolman is best known for writing-Far and Away and Willow . DVD ` s has an terrific anamorphic Widescreen -LRB- 2.35:1 -RRB- transfer -LRB- also in Pan & Scan -RRB- and an strong Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound . DVD has an Commentary Track by the Director , Behind the Scenes featurette , Blooper Reel and Trailers . There 's memorable performances by the lead , including Hawn at her best in years . Some of the film subplots seems out of place , involving Rush in the film -LRB- still he 's quite funny -RRB- , the film is a bit cold hearted at times and falls a little flat around the end . Still , it 's a funny , touching , one of a kind movie , that it should not be missed . Panavision . Grade : A - .
 Of course this is a great chick flick . That 's why I needed it for my collection . It shows both sides of the coin , what can and does happen to our lives over time , and remains deeply authentic throughout while still being hilarous and full of surprises .
 I love this movie ! It has a great story and I love these actresses . It reminds me to not suppress who you are for anyone !
 I had an absolute perfect experience all around . great product , brings back a lot of memories !! THANK YOU VERY MUCH !
 Many critics have already not been kind to `` The Banger Sisters '' . Perhaps they did n't like `` First Wives ' Club '' either , but that film has become a Goldie Hawn classic . And `` Banger Sisters '' has all the same elements that will make this a screen and DVD favorite , as well.The key to Hawn 's success has always been successful partnering with other actors and actresses that act as a catlyst for her charm . In this film , she 's fortunate to work with Susan Sarandon , perhaps even better with Goldie than the combination of Diane Keaton-Bette Midler . Sarandon 's character is a little bit of both . The comedy is gentle and the message has both women , in their late forties , go in search of what has been missing from their adult lives . They have a crazy camaraderie that was born of shared experiences as rock groupies in the late 60 's and early 70 's , when sex and drugs were plentiful . Hawn 's character , Suzette , has continued to live the experience , and the film opens with a scene of her being fired from her job as a bartender.Sarandon 's character -LRB- Vinnie , now Lavinia -RRB- , took a different road when she split from Suzette , and she 's now the successful wife of a wealthy man with political aspirations in Phoenix . Lavinia 's devoted herself to the care and raising of her two daughters , and is dismayed , at first , when Suzette shows up . She 's never confided her wild teenage experiences to husband or daughters , and they 're frankly shocked at her choice of friends , and the influence Suzette seems to have over her . The contrast is best expressed when Vinnie realizes her whole life , like her perfectly kept and coordinated wardrobe , has been `` beige '' . A plot contrivance involves character actor Geoffrey Rush as a hapless writer who arrives with Suzette in Phoenix , and evolves from an obsessive schmuck to a man whose been woken up to life again by the unpredictability of life with Suzette . Rush is peerless in his role , and his character helps to add to the humanity that makes Suzette 's life worthwhile . `` Banger Sisters '' is not laugh out loud funny , but there are priceless funny moments , as Suzette and Vinnie are caught with a toke in Lavinia 's basement , while browsing through the Polaroids they took of memorable `` parts '' of their affairs with rock icons . Sarandon is laughable in her uptight moments , using floral arrangements to make amends with Suzette , and cleaning up the kitchen when under stress . There are also some miscues that are n't believable , like the `` throwing chicken '' scene , and scenes in which young actress Eva Amurri -LRB- Sarandon 's daughter in real life -RRB- goes over the top as a spoiled brat.The soundtrack of the Banger Sisters does its own star turn in the movie , featuring old hits -LRB- Steppenwolf 's '' Rock Me '' , `` Burning Down the House '' by Talking Heads -RRB- new covers by unusual artists -LRB- Tommy Lee doing Bowie 's `` Fame '' , Trevor Rabin 's cover of `` Do n't Let Me Be Misunderstood '' -RRB- and great new songs by Richie Sambora and Dishwalla . The soundtrack is most evident in the movie 's poignant scenes ... Vinnie and Suzette dancing in a club , being `` poster children '' for a `` got milk ? '' ad , and consoling each other outside the hospital where Vinnie 's daughter is being treated.Hawn and Sarandon are memorable and priceless in a little gem of a film . They light up the screen , make you believe in forever friendships , and hopefully set the stage to return to film as a duo.I disagree with reviews that label this a mediocre movie , and urge you to see it , and enjoy !
 Suzette -LRB- Goldie Hawn -RRB- used to be one half of the infamous `` Banger Sisters '' , a pair of man-hungry groupies who slept with the likes of Jim Morrison and Kieth Richards . Now she 's just lost her job as Bartender at The Whiskey-A-Go-Go , and being broke , decides to go hit up Vinnie , the other half of the Bangers -LRB- Susan Sarandon -RRB- , whom she has n't seen or heard from in 20 years , for a loan . Suzette knows Vinnie is married to a Lawyer and living in Arizone , but she does n't know that Vinnie is now Lavinia , the straight-arrow wife , and mother of two ... and although Suzette was Vinnie 's best pal , Lavinia is n't going to be too thrilled to see her wild past come strolling into her perfect present.The movie is cute and funny , but the real reason too see it is the performances of Hawn and Sarandon . The chemistry between them is great . Goldie is as cute and sexy as ever , and it 's pretty ironic that she 's basically playing the grown-up version of her daughter Kate Hudson 's character in Almost Famous . Geoffrey Rush is great fun as a neurotic who gets swept up into Suzette 's crazy life . The Banger Sisters ai n't exactly Citizen Kane , but it was a fun way to spend a few hours .
 I love this film . I tend to rate movies by how well they accomplish what they set out to do . Schindler 's List is trying to do something much different than Fried Green Tomatoes , and they need to be rated on their own merits . In this case , The Banger Sisters deftly accomplishes what it 's meant to do , and that 's to provide a heart-warming , funny movie about friendship , with a bit of nostalgia thrown in for flavor.I had n't even heard of The Banger Sisters until I saw it for sale on the used rack at the local video store and picked it up because it had Susan Sarandon in it , a long time favorite of mine . Because I did n't know anything about it , I had zero expectations as to plot or movie quality , which sometimes helps . I ended up being totally charmed and have watched it several times and will surely watch it several more.The movie has a lot to say about how people change , or do n't change , how a person can lose her sense of self , how raising children has some inherent hypocrisy involved , and about how important friends are to our identities . But these are all said subtly and just add a bit of background depth to what is namely a light comedy about old friends.The performances by Hawn and Sarandon are outstanding . As is the performance by Geoffry Rush . The three characters are all uniquely different , and yet somehow the three of them manage to make a wonderful and crazily believable whole . The fourth best performance in the movie is turned in by the fantastic soundtrack.So maybe while not a movie for deep thinkers or for elite cinema buffs , it 's a wonderful way to spend an hour and a half for those who love movies about the bonds of friendship , who like a bit of nostalgia for the great days of rock and roll , and who appreciate a suprise , side-splittingly funny scene or turn of phrase now and then .
 I 'm sorry , but I really liked this movie . Sure it is based on a fluffy script , but it 's fun and energetic . Not to mention , it has some very good names as stars . Geoffrey Rush , Susan Sarandon , and the indomitable Goldie Hawn . Plus , there are a lot of lesser names who deliver some great performances.The story begins with Suzette -LRB- Hawn -RRB- as a fun living , carefree former groupie still caught in the fast living of her younger days . She decides to visit her best friend , Livinia , -LRB- Sarandon -RRB- who is now a matronly , slighty hysterical mother trying to raise two spoiled children in the suburbs of Arizona with her rich lawyer husband.During Suzette 's trip from Los Angeles , she meets Harold -LRB- Rush -RRB- who is on his way home to kill his father . Suzette takes this information in stride and it is hilarious how Harold takes to Suzette and her philosphy of life.What follows from there is a funny and introspective trip down memory lane and life 's interesting paths . Personally , I like the movie . It 's funny and you can watch it with family and friends alike . There is a great message being bandied about , and does n't take long before you are caught up in the lives of everyone on screen.In an age of deep , riveting movies this is one you can watch with a smile and a laugh -- not worrying if you missed the meaning . Plus , the added benefits of seeing a role designed for older actresses is a highlight in itself.I would highly recommend buying this movie . You will enjoy it !!
 I 've read most of the reviews already posted and agree with much of what has been written . I just had to add one more thing . I AM ADDICTED TO THIS CRAZY MOVIE ! Why ? You tell me ... why does one get addicted to a movie with as many flaws as this one has ? I think because I so strongly identify with the characters . No , I was n't a groupie in the 60 's , but I was a teenager . And now I 'm not so young . I seem to identify with Suzette AND with Vinnie . I 've cleaned up my act , but I still harbor a longing for `` those days '' . I agree that the script leaves reality in the dust in may ways , -LRB- example , Vinnie 's husband is way too accepting to be real -RRB- but still . . I 'm addicted . I have watched it several times , including all the extra features and footage I can get my hands on . Goldie , Susan , Geoffrey and the crew succeed in taking me back and making me think , think and think some more about where I came from , where I got to , and where I am going from here . P.S. I 'm glad to find out that Goldie did n't acutally get her -LSB- breasts -RSB- done , it was just costuming . At age 47 , I worry about those things ... . If you are a middle-aged baby-boomer grappling with weight gain , kids , loss of `` coolness '' , etc. , you may share my addictive reaction to this flick ...
 Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon star in THE BANGER SISTERS , a movie about two women who reconnect after 20 years . One is Suzette -LRB- Goldie Hawn -RRB- , a woman who is still lost in her past as a rock groupie . She goes to Pheonix , and encounters Harry , a man who she originally butts heads with , but eventually they become fast friends -LRB- and a bit more -RRB- . Then there is Vinnie -LRB- Susan Sarandon -RRB- , Suzette 's friend from 20 years ago , another rock groupie , they made up The Banger Sisters , sleeping with musicians and roadies , and such , way back in the day . However Vinnie has not embraced her past , if anything she has tried to distance herself from the image she had back then . Upon rediscovering each other , there is initial conflict , but Suzette shows Vinnie how to live again , as they relive their past once more . Vinnie becomes frustrated with her family life , her family having her picking up the pieces and she finds the wings to live again . Susan Sarandon does a compelling job playing Vinnie , finding the dark humor in the character and bringing it to light . Goldie Hawn shines as Suzette , cute and funny , bringing the role to life . The interaction between these two actresses is the best reason to see this movie .
 I 've seen this movie three times so far and I cant wait for the DVD to be released . This movie was so funny . The best scene in the movie is in the basement , it makes me laugh just thinking about .
 You can always count on great performances from those two actors . My only comment is the beginning . For some reason the first reel -LRB- 20 minutes -RRB- is a bit boring and i thought a better segway could have been provided for the two main stars to reunite . But when the film gets going it 's wonderful talented comedy the rest of the way . The story also has a wonderful moral aspect which is basic and true . You ALWAYS meet people for a reason.This is a fun film to watch and Goldie and Susan have never looked better . They are ageless .
 Suzette played by Goldie Hawn , is younger than her fifty years because she remains true to her spirit despite the ups and downs in her life . Meanwhile , her sidekick Lavinia , or `` Vinnie '' as she was called back in the day , is an uptight housewife married to a lawyer running for office with two spoiled and unhappy daughters . After being fired from her last job , Suzette goes out to Arizona to find her friend after all these years . She meets Harry , a screenwriter with writer 's block and unresolved issues with his father . Harry and her share a hotel . Suzette seeks to find her friend which she does . But Lavinia is different from what she remembers in the sixties . Lavinia is uptight and reserved about her past . Her family does n't know about her past which is bad . Her daughters are struggling to find their own identity drinking , having sex , and crashing cars . Vinnie kept her past from her children thinking that she was protecting them but she was n't . The comforts of wealth shielded her true self.Feeling trapped in her lifestyle , Vinnie decides that she must relive the past with Suzette and both women go out and have themselves a good time like they did when they were teenagers . Meanwhile , Harry has overcome his writer 's block and is able to write . But he is haunted by memories of his father which he has to resolve once and for all.If Vinnie was upfront with her past life to her family , her daughters would have an understanding of what is wrong and what is right and they would have made decisions based on their own assumptions . Her husband would have respected her as the woman she is . He was more concerned about his political career and she was too busy protecting her past to appease him . Suzette could be more stable in her life but she clung on to old memories of her youth.This is a good movie to watch . There 's no shame in embracing memories of being young and outrageous .
 When I read the `` back of the box '' description on the movie the day my father brought it back from the library I was like `` um - I 'll watch it but I probably wo n't like it '' I mean the plot line seemed so boring - Two former groupies one who 's living in the past and one who 's created a new life for herself that meet up one day ... I was like `` so what ? '' Then when I saw the movie everything changed . The movie was hiliarious and the Director could not have done a better job casting ... Susan Sarandon , Goldie Hawn and Geoffery Rush have come together to make what has become one of my favorite movies . I now own it and watch it over and over . I recommend this movie to all comedy watchers.Oh and
 Time stands still for no man , or woman , as we find Suzette -LRB- Goldie Hawn -RRB- and Lavinia -LRB- Susan Sarandon -RRB- now in their fiftiesand after a groupie relationship in their youth their lives have taken very different routes . Suzette is still free spirited , while Lavinia is now married and has become quite an uptight lady . When Suzette reappears in her life she at first is afraid of how she would be viewed being in the company of someone like her . Soon however , Suzette helps Lavinia rediscover her truefun free self and I believe that Lavinia helps Suzette see some important parts of life she has been missing.I like Goldie Hawn in just about anything she does so I enjoyed this movie . Looking back for a while can be fun as long as we do n't forget where we are or where we are going ! I believe the ending of this movie left the viewer with that fact .
 I saw this flick this afternoon and loved it . I would go again this evening if someone else wanted to see it . What more can I say - every one of the cast members excelled . Goldie was her usual brilliant , as was Susan . The kids were marvelous and the gents were perfect.Kudos .
 Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon play women who were groupies during the 60 's . Goldie Hawn is still a hippie , having never really changed , but Susan Sarandon is the wealthy , conservative wife of a lawyer husband , and the mother of two rebellious teenaged girls . When Goldie 's finances go south , she decides to pay a visit to her old friend , Susan , to see if she can help out . Along the way , she picks up a failed writer , played by Geoffrey Rush , who is returning home with the avowed purpose of killing his father . Hawn causes quite a stir in Sarandon 's uptight suburban home , but she does succeed in loosening up her old friend as well as Geoffrey who has obsessive-compulsive tendencies . This movie is great fun and is played to the hilt , especially by Goldie Hawn .
 Like an Angel of Mercy , Suzette -LRB- Goldie Hawn -RRB- descends upon Phoenix , AZ with a freaked-out , suicidal Hollywood screen writer -LRB- Harry played by Geoffrey Rush -RRB- in tow
 I really did enjoy this movie . Goldie Hawn is just awesome . They could n't have chose a better person for her part . She 's what made the movie so great for me . The teens in this movie gave me several laughs & I thought they were really great . Although the story line was a little different I would n't put it in the dumb/silly comedy category like the Adam Sandler or Jim Carey movies . If you are not big on a little sexual humor I probably would n't recommend this movie but for anybody that can handle some sexual humor then I recommend this movie .
 i loved this movie . it is hilarious and touching at the same time .
 As you go about the business of living your life , no matter who you are , where you go or what you do , things have a tendency to get lost ; not material things , mind you , but the important things , the ones you keep -- or should keep -- in your heart , as well as tucked away safely in your memory . But human nature being what it is , that &#65533; s not the way it works . So we lose things ; and the sad thing is , when it happens we &#65533; re not even aware of it . And that &#65533; s what &#65533; s known as the human condition , which is exactly what writer/director Bob Dolman examines in &#65533; The Banger Sisters , &#65533; a poignant comedy/drama about what can happen when &#65533; life &#65533; happens , then realizing it , discovering what &#65533; s really important and finding those things that have been lost along the way.Suzette -LRB- Goldie Hawn -RRB- is a bartender , as well as a fixture since the &#65533; 60s , at the famous Whiskey A-Go-Go on the Sunset Strip , where she once had a memorable &#65533; encounter &#65533; with the Lizard King , himself , Jim Morrison . But as the song says , &#65533; time goes by , &#65533; and when -- due to circumstances within her control -- Suzette loses her job , she finds herself , in the immortal words of Ulysses Everett McGill , &#65533; In a tight spot . &#65533; No savings , no prospects , no job ; what &#65533; s an aging &#65533; groupie &#65533; to do?Look up an old friend , that &#65533; s what . An old friend she hasn &#65533; t seen for some twenty years , but with whom Suzette shared the best times of her life , when they cut a swath across the rock scene in L.A. , &#65533; rattling &#65533; every rock star that came to town , as well as a good number of `` roadies . &#65533; But Vinnie -LRB- Susan Sarandon -RRB- now lives in Phoenix , Arizona , is married , has a couple of kids and is apparently living the American Dream , having been absorbed , mind and body , into the mores and morals of the textbook dictates of &#65533; proper &#65533; society . The truth of the matter , however , is that Vinnie -LRB- make that &#65533; Lavinia &#65533; now -RRB- is living a lie ; she &#65533; s so caught up with trying to be a Donna Stone/Carol Brady that she &#65533; s forgotten who she really is . All of which is about to change with the arrival of her old friend , who like Marley with his chains , sweeps in unannounced bearing enlightenment.And enlightening it is for the audience , as well ; but more than that , Dolman has crafted and delivered an enterprising , thoroughly infectious , engaging and entertaining film that sweeps you along with it , while making you laugh and think about some things at the same time . It &#65533; s one that will be most appreciated , though , by those &#65533; mature &#65533; enough to be able to identify with Suzette and Vinnie ; those with some &#65533; experience &#65533; under their belts . There are elements here that will appeal to everyone , but decidedly , the real message of the film will be lost on a youthful audience , in general . Dolman does provide another , and very succinct perspective , however , through Vinnie &#65533; s teenage daughters , Hannah -LRB- Erika Christensen -RRB- and Ginger -LRB- Eva Amurri -RRB- , whom he places in situations to which everyone in the audience , young and old alike , will be able to relate . So in the end , Dolman has something to say , he says it well , and pretty much covers all the bases in doing so . He sets a good pace , and through his vibrant characters he displays some real insights into human nature . All of which makes his film ring with a zeal for life and for living , and for a greater understanding of the human condition.With her portrayal of Vinnie in this film , Susan Sarandon once again demonstrates that she can more than hold her own with the best actors in the business . There &#65533; s a defining moment in this film , when Vinnie realizes what she &#65533; s been doing in her life -- not that it &#65533; s &#65533; bad , &#65533; or anything she regrets , but that she &#65533; s been dishonest with her family , and especially with herself , about who she really is -- and you can see it in her eyes when it happens ; the awareness , the sudden understanding and the instant acquiescence even before she reacts to it outwardly , and it &#65533; s brilliant . It &#65533; s one of those rare cinematic &#65533; moments &#65533; that are absolutely real and transporting , albeit in their brevity -LRB- or maybe even because of it -RRB- . And it takes a truly gifted actor to create and capture such a moment , which says everything that needs to be said about Sarandon &#65533; s performance here.Goldie Hawn , meanwhile , is a total delight as Suzette . Entirely convincing , she manages to create a character who is both elegant and trashy at the same time , and to whom she lends a quirky charm and earthiness , wherein lies Suzette &#65533; s real appeal . Hawn and Sarandon play well off of one another , too , which makes a significant impact on the contrast between the up-tight and edgy person Vinnie has become and the grounded , free spirit Suzette will forever be . Hawn ferrets out the complexities of her character and effectively intersperses moments of restraint amid Suzette &#65533; s generally exuberant effusiveness , which makes for a complete package . Interestingly enough , Suzette is effectively a look twenty years later at Penny Lane , the character Hawn &#65533; s real life daughter , Kate Hudson , played in &#65533; Almost Famous . &#65533; It &#65533; s as if Hawn and Hudson have struck a vein of gold ; Hudson was nominated for an Oscar for her portrayal of Penny , and with Suzette , Goldie Hawn gives one of her best , most mature and memorable performances ever.Geoffrey Rush also gives a performance of note , as Harry , a twenty year aspiring Hollywood screen writer who has finally thrown in the towel and is heading home to Phoenix to settle some scores and exorcise some personal demons.Christensen , and especially Amurri -LRB- Sarandon &#65533; s real life daughter -RRB- give convincing performances , as well , as does Robin Thomas as Raymond , Lavinia &#65533; s husband . Entertaining and insightful , more than anything else , &#65533; The Banger Sisters &#65533; points up the importance &#65533; knowing thyself , &#65533; understanding who we are as individuals , and living accordingly ; a philosophy one would be wise to embrace . And that &#65533; s the magic of the movies .
 This movie will be highly enjoyed by stay at home moms . As a SAHM I loved it . I really enjoyed the comparison between Finny and Susette . Some people will enjoy this and some will not . I think that it deserved better ratings that it recieved from the critics . It is not nearly as bad as they made it out to be .
 This movie is great ! I wish the movie would of been longer though ! Once the two get to know each other , the movie almost suddenly ends . The script is cliched at times . They didnt describe the charcters fully , but it was still a good movie . I liked it !
 This movie is a very enjoyable way to spend a few hours , especially if you are of a `` certain age '' -LRB- 40 or above -RRB- and can see it with a good friend . Just think back to the times you had in high school or college with your best friend - were n't they great times ? Did n't you laugh and have fun and just end up acting crazy and wild and then real life arrived on your doorstep and you grew up ? How many mothers really tell their teenagers how they really acted in high school or college ? Especially if you went to college in the 70 's ? Life was different then and this movie brought back some 60 's and 70 's nostalgia in a sweet way.In this movie , Lavinia -LRB- Susan Sarandon -RRB- grew up . She left behind her wild and crazy days of being a groupie with her best friend -LRB- Goldie Hawn -RRB- and became the wife of an aspiring politician , a mother to two daughters and the absolute pillar of society . Along the way , she also lost herself and basically lives her life for her family - being a doormat - being taken for granted and letting her kids walk all over her . Goldie Hawn 's character has never grown up and continues to live day to day - partying , drinking , having a good time , but not acting like what most people would call a responsible adult . However , she brings truth and honesty to everyone in this film that she comes into contact with . She is adorable -LRB- and looks fabulous -RRB- . Both actresses give great performances as do the girls who play their daughters . I really liked this movie - it was entertaining and made me want to call up some old friends ! I saw `` Sweet Home Alabama '' the day before Banger Sisters and there was no comparison - skip Alabama and see this movie - much more fun for an adult .
 This movie has become an absolute faveorite of mine ! And all of the people that gave it negetive reviews just didnt enjoy the simple comedy of it . Goldie and Susan have great chemestry through the entire movie . The script couldnt be any more funny . I went and bought the movie as soon as I saw it . I still like to watch it and I do n't think I will ever get tired of it . This movie is a must see for everyone .
 A typical period comedy with some goofy characters in John Hubbard and Adolphe Menjou as a couple of escapees from a nut house . Neither is actually nuts but are there for other reasons . Carole Landis is the female lead as the owner of a roving carnival.It 's a movie that grew on me after I watched it a couple of times . At first it seemed quite disjointed -LRB- probably from listening to other reviewers of the film -RRB- but after the second time I watched it , it became more entertaining and quite funny in its own way.There 's quite a bit of odd goofiness in this movie that does n't seem to exactly fit but somehow they keep pulling it together enough for the movie to keep moving . Keep in mind the period when it was made and you 'll see a lot more in this movie than you otherwise might.Adolphe Menjou is the best part as the well meaning `` Colonel Caraway '' who befriends John Hubbard 's character , `` Drogo Gaines '' and does his best to steer Drogo in the right direction . Of course it always seems that Drogo is getting into a little more trouble from Caraway 's actions than he 'd like but in the end , well , just watch the movie .
 what could be said about a horror movie where an evil clown tickles people to death?Is there finally something new under the sun for horror fans?Most definitely.I 've always known that tickle torture has an untapped horror potential . When I was young , I 'd had nightmares about being chased and tickled by the old , creepy Hamburglar and the Micky Mouse from Disney World -LRB- I suppose I was too young and frightened to consider if someone was actually in the costume -RRB- . I could never figure out which was worse , them tickling me or the loud echo my laughter always had in those nightmares.Of all the people or things in the world I 'd want tickling me , they were n't one of them.For that matter , neither is a fat , pasty-faced clown with a squeaky voice.My fellow horror fans often complain about the state of horror movies these days . Nothing but remakes and rip-offs . There 's nothing original anymore.Well , it does n't get any more original than this.The fact is , it works . Gitchy works.Oh yes , there 's tickling . The actors really were tickled . There 's no lingering over the tickle scenes , and that 's okay with me.Is this the start of something new ? Will someone in Tinseltown take his head out of his corporate overlords ' collective @ $ $ es and take notice ? Will Gitchy go Hollywood ? Will there be fear and trembling on Elm Street ? Well - let 's not get ahead of ourselves.But I have to admit
 Homemade , low budget , improvised . Everything a mockumentary should be.The guy that made this plays for keeps .
 With the best of intentions , it 's almost impossible to be critical of Jennifer Gargano 's short feature `` 8:46 . '' Documenting a diverse cross section of characters on the day before , as well as the morning of , the tragic events of 9/11/2001 , the film seeks to be a tribute to everyone affected by that fateful day . It 's a lofty goal for such a small picture ! Lacking any real budget and running shy of an hour , the film boasts an impressively large cast . We meet dozens and dozens of characters -LRB- some we revisit , some we do n't -RRB- for one to three minute intervals of everyday life on September Tenth . Then everyone is reunited for the tragedy at 8:46 the next morning . Police , Firefighters , workers in the first tower , workers in the second tower , people on the planes , relatives with family members in peril , people in neighboring areas -- just about everyone gets a bit of screen time . It 's an interesting approach , but also somewhat distancing . Gargano attempts to juggle a lot in fifty minutes.I thought the set-up of `` 8:46 '' was quite promising with its glimpse into the lives of its many protagonists . Moments reminded me of the earliest scenes in Paul Greengrass ' brilliant `` United 93 '' where we saw mundane events unfold on the least spectacular day imaginable . But where Greengrass chose a verite approach with a complete lack of manufactured drama or back story , Gargano wants to paint a brief picture of everyone she introduces . Sadly , it did n't always work seamlessly . The screenplay forces dramatic situations to happen in one or two minutes and the results often feel less than organic and even stilted . And although the film is well constructed -LRB- despite the obvious budget constraints -RRB- , some scenes really work and some really do n't . It 's hard to fault Gargano 's goals . These were ordinary people leading ordinary lives and the repercussions of that day went far beyond just the actual incidents . For good intentions , I 'd give `` 8:46 '' the highest marks . But it was hard to connect to anyone in such a short time and the film lacks some impact for this reason . Any representation on 9/11 will , of course , create a visceral reaction . And yes , as the movie concludes with a musical montage and a `` we will never forget '' proclamation , it 's hard not to be moved . But in truth , I was more emotionally invested in my own memories than of anything presented in the movie . Gargano seems to have talent , I 'd like to see what she 'd do with a bigger project . But , for me , `` 8:46 '' is a near miss . A worthy effort that I wished I had loved , it 's still an interesting approach . About 31/2 stars . KGHarris , 8/12 .
 At first I thought that this was going to be one of the eyewitness accounts of that day , but instead it was a movie . I really liked the way it was done.I think that it just shows how it affected so many innocent people just going about their daily lives and then normal was over.It just shows how something or someone can be taken from you in the blink of an eye and when you least expect it .
 Watching the trailer to `` 8:46 '' I was pleased to see that this film would focus on more of the human story rather than the destruction story . The film proved to be quite amazing and at times very touching . As this is Jennifer Gargano 's writing and directoral debut , I give her props for creating such a well crafted story.She gathered together a top notch cast that gives truly amazing and heartbreaking performances . The script is well written and her direction is amazing , especially for one 's first directing jobs . For an independent film , the production values and the special effects were impressive . The scene looking out at the smoke rising over Lower Manhattan is a very powerful image and the ending will leave you moved without a doubt.The one -LRB- and only -RRB- real problem with this film is really the length of the film . At 55 minites , do n't expect to see drawn out scenes and be played in real time . This film , in my opinion should have at least another hour added onto it . Understanding where Gargano 's vision is coming from , but the scenes on September 11 are very crucial and should be longer . You do n't see the towers burning or collapsing . Do you need to ? No . Television stock footage provides you with those images . But in a film that deals with 9/11 , you should include these vital scenes . But it is forgivable , seeing this as a small budget independent film.The first 40 minutes of the film takes place the previous day , September 10 . And this is where we are introduced with the characters . Their stories are easy to follow and can even hit home sometimes since every major role on 9/11 is played here . From the towers , to the planes , to the rescue workers , everybody gets screen time . The fault
 Very well done.We plan on watching it again and again.This story really brought a human side to the Twin Towers we do n't see enough of .
 This movie emulates what it means to be Thai and to envy the Thai culture . To western ears SE Asian music sounds strange most of the time ... its timber and tones not following the western do-re-mi simplicity or fitting into a 3-2-1 progression . The musical dedication and tradition break cultural barriers . Combined with the spirituality of becoming one with the music anduniverse the actors take us simple minded western musicians to a place we have never been before . Put it all into a WWII setting of Japanese occupation and it adds historical and realistic twists that keep you guessing what the next step will be . The subtle suspense keeps you hanging and the deep family and cultural ties make us all wish we came from such deep and beautiful Thai heritage.If you love music ... if you love Asia and most of all if you love Thai ... you can not go another day without seeing this film.A classic in any language .
 Great movie . It really draws the viewer in and gives them a glimpse at the treasure that is Thai classical music . Much like &#34; Crossroads &#34; -LRB- Ralph Machio/Steve Vai -RRB- , this movie pits an up-and-coming Thai xylophone player against an established sinister-looking xylophone master which culminates in a jaw-dropping final musical duel . Also like &#34; Crossroads &#34; - wherein Steve Vai actually played both his and Ralph Machio 's guitar parts , I have learned that the &#34; sinister-looking xylophone master &#34; -LRB- played by Khun In -RRB- also recorded both his xylophone parts and the &#34; up-and-coming &#34; xylophone players parts . Well worth a viewing on Netflix , and if you like as much as I did , a purchase !
 I approach this as an American married to a Thai woman for 35 years . We have visited Thailand many times . I love the culture and people . I am also a musician/hobbyist . This movie was very powerful on many levels , musical and political . It brought me to tears at the end . I have a newfound appreciation for the musicians and artistry of the Ranat , the percussive Thai instrument featured in this wonderful movie . The political strife that occured in Thailand as it reacted to modernization and the stress of WWII -- sadly , outlawing traditional ways -- is factual and very sad . Fortunately , the Thai people ultimately kept their traditions and one can still hear the Ranat played in Thai Classical orchestras today . A must see movie !
 Excellent and traditional Siamese culture and music . What I rented was in Thai , not `` Taiwanese Chinese '' . Subtitled in English . Beautiful photography , good acting . Recommended !
 This was a wonderfully music themed movie . It was fun and draws you in . SouthEast Asian music at its finest ... and accurate overall -LRB- my mother ran a traditional khmer music school for a number of years -RRB- . Beautiful scenes , beautiful music , beautiful movie .
 Well I never would have known the difference between Thia and Tiawanese Chinese . What is the difference and why does it matter ? This is my favorite movie . It has subtle spiritual overtones weaved throughout . Any musician or meditation lover will notice the heights this movie reaches . I would think others would as well , especially music lovers . One of the musical scenes moved me like nothing else ever has . One of those rare gems that come along once in a lifetime .
 i remember this movie from when i was little and the 3:00 o'clock movie would come on , and i still find that i like it ! a group of soldiers must keep the title gun away from indians as they protect a familt and try to get the gun to work . noyhing great here but a good solid b-western from the last days of the big screen western !
 Great video . She was n't as crazy as everyone thought she was . Her actions and mannerisms were taken out of context . Example ... On the cover of the Dvd , she was pullint her hair back not choking herself . She got tired of JeB Bush keeping her on death row for 12 years so she admitted something that was n't true to get her excecution carried out and not be commuted to life in prison . If you have ever worked on the inside you understand where she is coming from . I do n't think the punishment fit the crimes . She killed yes but was n't a serial killer . The difference is a number
 I shudder to think how many Aileen Wuornos ' are still out there -- or in the making.DVD video/audio quality
 I am already a huge fan of Nick Broomfield ; his documentaries are truthful and caring . He knew Aileen for 12 years and she asked him to do her final interview the night before her execution . He did whatever he could to help her , but she was n't going to let anything prevent her from being executed . This documentary not only explains her whole history and horrific childhood , he goes to Michigan and even speaks to Aileen 's birth mother.A must see .
 I honestly wonder how much of her final tirade was real -LRB- at least in her mind -RRB- or just another story she made up to get attention.She appeared to have been quite intelligent , so who knows what she might have become had she been raised under different circumstances?I had to crack up when her friend Dawn said she believes homosexuality was only invented in recent years . lol
 Charlize Theron did such a magnificent job playing Aileen Wurnos because I have such a hard time separating the real woman , as shown in this documentary , from the portrayal by Theron . Nick Broomfield does a very good job covering this Serial Killer in his documentary . This is the only case of a serial killer where I felt some sympathy for the killer . She ca n't be excused in the least for her murders , of course . However , she was the living proof that prostitutes hate their male clients . Aileen Wurnos lived a life wherein no sexual act was too degrading for her , no john she did n't accept . She had no hope for a better life . She did have a love relationship with another woman though so was able to have some feelings . She did her killings in Florida which is a state which likes using the death penalty . She was duly executed for her crime there . i did not find her personally as chilling as Ted Bundy and other serial killers but that 's probably because Wurnos was no threat to other women . I find it surprising , after viewing this documentary , that more women prostitutes have n't turned into serial killers .
 Aileen
 Clearly , after viewing this , we see that Aileen Wuornos was insane . Her eyes almost pop out of her head as she spouts her belief that the cops knew from the beginning of her killing rampage , that she was doing the killings , that they were watching her every move from helicopters , from which they secretly dropped down on ropes and spied on her . She tells , in her final interview , that she wants everyone to know the cops allowed her to go on killing so they would make more money off her story.She tells of `` stuff '' being put on her food in prison so that she has to wash every bite she eats . She tells of the one time she did n't wash her food when she became sick for three weeks.And who would n't be insane after the life she lived ? Selling her body as a nine year old child , living for two years in the woods , through the Michigan winters in junked cars at the age of thirteen , was the start of a long horrible road toward the final crackup.The bitter end of her last bit of sanity came when a john with a long record of brutal rapes and sexual assaults tortured her , pouring alcohol into her genitals , into her ears , mouth , nose and eyes . During her trial , she details how he strangled her and tortured her and how she managed to save her own life by shooting him.She then had to go on selling her body to strange men in cars to survive , and to support her lover . And yet I believe she had post traumatic stress syndrome after the torture and found it safer to simply shoot the men who picked her up for sex and rob them . Reason was gone . It was all about survival , getting money and not being tortured again . There was deep rage . There was fear and hatred.She showed the lack of any compassion to her victims that she had been shown her entire life.The pretty neighborhood in Michigan where Aileen spent her childhood had a lot of dysfunctional families and drug abuse . There was the question of Aileen 's grandfather being her actual father.Her mother abandoned her when she was six months old . We see her interviewed and she says only that after Aileen is executed she will sleep better.The state of Florida was so eager to execute Aileen that they hired three psychiatrists to examine her for fifteen minutes each and pronounce her sane , so Jeb Bush could sign the papers to kill her.As the movie states , one wonders exactly what one would have to do to be found insane , if Aileen could be found sane . She was delusional , paranoid and psychotic.I kept hoping that there would be at long last a shred of compassion coming from someone somewhere who did n't want to take advantage of her , but it never happened . A man in her pastwho was having regular sex with her describes how he would walk in front of her and pretend he did n't know her in public . She had wanted to be his girlfriend but he described in foul language how he did n't want anyone to know he was associated with her.I found this documentary to be extremely well done . It was riveting to watch Aileen speak . It is a picture of insanity that tells the story of how an insane woman was executed in Florida , for crimes which I believe she should have been found innocent by reason of insanity . I do n't think , given her mental state , that she could have had done anything differently.This is a real life tale of a tragic life and it is well told . The viewer is left to draw his or her own conclusions armed with the actual sight of Aileen , telling her thoughts .
 After seeing the movie Monster which was based on the life of the first female serial killer Aileen Wuornos , I was interested in seeing the real Aileen herself speaking of the murders she commited . This film does a great job of delivering to us a glimpse into the childhood and mind of a disturbed woman . The interviews are great and Aileen holds nothing back while talking to Nick . We get to see actual footage of her trials and of her proclaiming her innocence to admitting the she lied about being raped and having to kill in self defense . We are able to look into her black eyes and see the rage she felt . We see interviews with her few close friends who explain the terrible things that happened in Aileen 's life that led her to Florida and eventually to being a hooker . She 's labeled a serial killer because as she said , `` she has a number '' . She murdered 7 men with the motive being to take their money and their vehicle . She admits that she had to kill them so they would n't go to the police . Aileen always believed that the police knew it was her killing these men but that they let her kill so they could make money off of her . However way you want to look at it , Aileen was a murderer but also a victim of circumstance . It is almost sad to see her speaking of her execution right until the day before it took place . Aileen came clean before her execution in 2002 by lethal injection after serving many years on death row . In her own words ... `` You have to kill Aileen Wuornos or she will kill again '' . Also , I must say what a Excellent job Charlize Theron did playing Aileen in the movie Monster . It is no wonder she won an award for the movie . This DVD of real interviews is very revealing and very interesting for anyone who is curious about the real `` Monster '' .
 This is Mr. Broomfield 's sequel to `` The Selling of a Serial Killer '' . Both are very well researched . It is n't often that you are treated to the facts as they really are . We are usually served the psycho-babble of distortion which is not present in either of these films . After viewing these films one is left feeling that maybe , just maybe there might be something wrong with our system of justice . When someone -LRB- Tye -RRB- is an accomplice to murder , an accessory after the fact and received stolen property -LRB- victim 's cars and cash -RRB- can walk away with movie and book deals and their freedom there is a serious problem with the system . This movie is very well done and left me feeling that I knew Aileen Wournos as a person not as a serial killer.I highly recommend this movie and the prequel .
 This is a great movie . It 's very hard to watch . Watching Lee is difficult . She is clearly insane . Broomfield is obviously against the death penalty . In many of the southern states they put crazy people to death like Aileen Wuornos . It is sad . But you ca n't put yourself above it all . We are all capable of good and bad ; and often many of us have murderous thoughts . Hopefully a sense of morality and deep humanity keeps us from committing murder . It 's an uncomfortable movie ultimately because most of us feel sympathy for Lee Wuornos . We can see , even though she is clearly insane , that she says level-headed things . She definitely belonged in jail or a mental insitution for life , but she did n't deserve to die . This movie is much better than Monster . I am a big fan of Charlize Theron but that Monster movie is a glamorization . It does n't portray the complex nature of the real event .
 The DVD Aileen - Life and Death of a Serial KillerDVD is a great companion piece to the movie `` Monster . '' I bought this after purchasing `` Monster '' because for some reason I thought this documentary was included on the `` Monster '' DVD . For people wanting to know more about the woman behind the movie this documentary is captivating and worth the purchase .
 The second documentary features mainly the life of Aileen Wuornos waiting for execution . But watching this fact on screen , and the real woman herself who is clearly seen driven to the edge of reasons , is a more fascinating or frightening experience than seeing the Aileen by Charlize Theron -LRB- though her achievement should not be denied -RRB- . As many other reviewers said , this film is less about the killings ; it 's more about the life of Aileen when she was a child in a small community , and when she was waiting for the last moment of her life , both reconstructed by interviews including that of her biological mother and her best friend.Nick Bloomfield did a good job in capturing how it would be for her to wait in the Death Row . Aileen , wide-eyed , with unkempt hair , is very terrifying and at the same time rivetting , showing the confused inner side of herself . Even though we know that she killed seven people , and that we can not take everything she says at face value , we keep on listening to her , no matter what she is trying to say.I for one disliked the way Nick Bloomfield 's political opinions -LRB- or bias -RRB- influencing the film . Some sarcastic commentary only hinders the true value of the materials he collected for the film , especially when he connects Aileen with the people like Jeb Bush . To many viewers , it is too obvious , better left unsaid . And the film is about Aileen , and it should be throughout . -LRB- And I think he should have hired a professional actor as narrator . -RRB- The film is always fascinating to see , even when Nick is summoned as witness in court ... -LRB- and for what ? See it for yourself for it is about the previous documentary he made , which , it seems , turns out less accurate than it was thought . -RRB- Though flawed , the film is worth your time , especially when you hear Aileen 's last words -LRB- including the name of one sci-fi blockbuster film -RRB- , which are more or less unique , and very pathetic .
 After watching `` Monster '' and knowing that Aileen came from a town near where I am from , I became more interested in her story and watched this ` sequel ' type movie to learn more about her . On top of her own story of murder and internal rage , on top of the story of her tortured childhood , it takes you inside her environment through her entire life , inside of her mind . This documentary takes you through how she has developed as a person due to environmental factors , circumstance , mental health , and other aspects you may not have considered . It takes you beginning to end in multiple perspectives , and it does not fail to keep your attention . You will question whether you sympathize , or not ... merely through observation . Highly recommended .
 This film is stunning . The real Aileen Wournos is alternately scary and sad . This documentary is openly revealing and will make you contemplate justice.Aileen Wournos has been labeled a serial killer because of the murders she committed on 7 men who sought her services as a prostitute in Florida . Her story is depicted in the movie , `` Monster , '' and after watching this film I give more credit to Charlene Theron -LRB- the actress who portrayed Wournos -RRB- because Theron really got her mannerisms down . Beyond the glory of the Hollywood movie however is a life that spun out of control . Wournos was born as a breech birth , abused drugs , came from a broken home , was sexually promiscuous and was ostracized from her home at 13 after giving birth to a baby and giving it up for adoption . So what , a lot of people experience the same circumstances and manage not to commit murder , right ? Well in my opinion this case is as complicated as it gets . In this film , director Nick Broomfield brings to a head all of these questions and allows the public to see the behind the scenes mind of a notorious `` serial killer , '' and how she got that way.Wournos gives several interviews during 2002 to Broomfield and as the film progresses she changes . At first Wournos appears severely angry , completely devoid of manners and calculating . Her eyes are black and somehow eerie to peer into and her laugh is a wicked cackle . When she loses her temper she does look like a `` monster '' and is quiet scary . But as the time passes it becomes more than obvious that the woman is completely insane . Her story changes and her original plea of self-defense becomes cold-blooded murder and then she changes her tale back again . She suffers from paranoia and begins to think the police knowingly allowed her to murder in order to clean up abusive men from the streets of Florida . Wournos attempts to explain how the prison is rigged with sound waves in order to destroy her brain ... here is where I lost it . This woman suffered her entire life and while I do not agree with her resorting to murder to appease her own weary soul I do feel our justice system owed her better treatment . Should insanity be punished by death ? I questioned my own thoughts on the death penalty for days after watching this film.Nick Broomfield did an excellent job on this stunning documentary , bringing up many necessary points regarding our justice system . For instance Wournos is given a psychiatric evaluation by 3 doctors a day before her execution and they only interviewed her for 15 minutes . Being a layperson and watching Wournos speak for 15 minutes I was able to see that she is totally and sadly insane , why did n't the real doctors ? One of the more emotional moments of the film is when Broomfield tells Wournos that he spoke with her real mother . Wournos becomes eerily enraged and horribly violent but after watching the mother 's interview it is plain to see Wournos is not the only person at fault in her life . Wournos made a statement before her death stating `` I 'll be back , '' and sadly I feel her spirit exists in many young lives that are left on the streets and forgotten , only to suffer from abuse and neglect because they can not conform to `` normal '' society . Yes , murder is wrong but so is the abuse and torture that accompanies all those `` innocent '' sexual perverts who prey on our lost and lonely youths . Wournos was executed , she should have been institutionalized in a mental hospital and probably behind bars for life , but how many others will suffer her same fate ? I hope we can all learn something from this important documentary .
 I saw Patty Jenkin 's `` Monster '' but did not see British documentarian Nick Broomfield 's 1992 work `` Aileen Wuornos
 This is a documentary about Aileen Wuomos , who was executed in Florida after ten years on death row for murdering seven men . Here we meet the real Aileen , a prostitute who worked the truck routes in Florida . We get to meet some of the people in her life . And we can clearly see that , especially at the end of the film , she is insane.Aileen had a horrible life . She comes from Michigan and grew up without a mother in a brutal household . When she was 13 she had a baby who was given up for adoption . After that , she was n't let back into her home and actually lived in the woods . In Michigan this meant freezing in cold and snow . That 's why she went to Florida , where it is warm.She was a lesbian and had a few years of happiness with her lover , but her lover testified against her at the trial after tricking her to reveal her guilt in a series of taped phone calls . This all should have made me feel sorry for her , but I could n't . In the trial she testified that each of the men she murdered abused her in some way . She gave very graphic testimony about this but the jury did n't believe her . Later , after she was on death row awhile she said she made it all up and that she murdered them because she wanted her money . And then she whispered to the filmmaker when she thought she was off camera that she was , in fact , abused.She 's angry a lot . And she also smiles sweetly at times , especially when she greets the filmmaker . And then she goes into her story about how it was the cops who let her murder because they wanted to sell her story to the movies . She is probably paranoid about this . But of course , there is a movie out now that seems to indicate that Hollywood knew that this would make a good story.I felt the documentary was well done by the British filmmaker , Nick Bloomfield . I got the feeling he , too , had mixed feelings about Aileen and was trying to tell her story as well as bring out the truth . This documentary goes right up to the execution . And even though we do n't see that actual event , we learn what she wanted for dinner and what she wanted to wear . Also , although she talked a lot about religion and Jesus , she never wanted to talk to a minister.It 's a creepy story and it 's well done . Definitely recommended .
 Nick Broomfield 's companion piece to his 1992 documentary `` Aileen
 Aileen was a severely mentally ill woman . Most likely suffering from post traumatic stress syndrome due to a horribly abusive childhood . All one has to do is drive through any city and become aware of the women who live on the streets and the budget motels . . and wonder what is in the making ??? At the end Aileen was totally delusional and decompensated . Sad to watch Jeb Bush ignore his options and allow a women this mentally ill to be put to death all for the sake of politics .
 Interesting look at the life of Aileen Wuronos Serial Killer . Powerful informative Documentary about the life and trials of Aileen . It tells her whole story from when she was born up until the last minute of her death . Covers all aspects and you get to meet the real Aileen . Charlize Theron did a great job portraying her in Monster but this is true to life and in your face reality . We get to see Aileens motives for killing , why she did it , how she feels etc. . At times you feel for her and think this is a real human being and does she deserve this , at other times one could think she might be mentally ill due to her accusations that the police knew she was going to commit her crimes . We get to see her anger , hate , fear , pain and all the human aspects of her personality . At times she can come off as normal and engaging and at other times full of hate and anger . We get to find out her last meal , see her last interviews and know what song she requested at her funeral . This is a must see if you liked Monster . 4 Stars .
 Aileen Wuornos is a fascinating woman , and her interviews are by far the most mesmerizing part of this documentary film . At times charming , confrontational , remorseful and frightening , Aileen constantly contradicts herself , at times repenting for her crimes and showing sympathy for her victim 's families , and at other times maintaining her position as a victim of circumstance and society . So whereas the `` Monster '' film showed a clearer , more linear narrative of Aileen 's life , this documentary leaves the viewer with far more questions than answers . A few of which are `` Was Aileen really horrifically abused by her father ? '' `` Did Aileen 's first victim really rape and torture her ? '' `` Does Aileen really want to be die ? '' The only question that seems to have a clear answer after watching this film is this one
 Not much too say that has n't already been touched on , but I really enjoyed this film . I found it most eerie . Towards the end , she seems completely insane . I highly recommend it . A lot of interview coverage with Aileen . I do n't think Broomfield being openly sympathetic to Aileen made it any less enoyable . . if anything it gives you more feeling for the movie . I 've seen most of Broomfield 's documentaries -LRB- this one , Kurt & Courtney , Biggie & Tupac -RRB- and I have enjoyed all of them , I like the way his documentaries flow and I like the way his voice sounds and how he conducts interviews and puts his film together . I enjoy Nick Broomfield documentaries a lot more than Michael Moore documentaries !
 Of course , Nick Broomfield is Nick Broomfield , a British film-maker , not Jesus , but what I am trying to say is
 Perry Swanson has done a superb job in assembling this documentary of the history of the peach farming industry and its people in middle Georgia . His subject is well-researched and supported by a myriad of photographs and often colorful interviews with some of the movers and shakers in the peach growing and packing business during much of the past century . The production is network television quality.I found it hard to look away from this well-woven documentary !
 We 've all gotten use to the cult classic masterpiece that we know as Hellraiser . Our beloved Pinhead , the beautiful and mysterious puzzle box that gets the ball rolling , and Kirstie Cotton 's character going head to head with one of our favorite movie monsters . This story takes a slightly different angle , as does `` Inferno '' and `` Hellseeker '' even though one of our favorite heroins reprises her role from the first two films in `` Hellseeker '' . It does get confusing at times but if you pay attention and stick with it , its worth it . The story takes on the journey of others who have the misfortune of crossing paths with the beautiful and mysterious puzzle box that unleashes utter chaos on those who are stupid enough to open it cause it 's pretty . The story was interesting and well played and the actors were very good . It pleases me to say how much I enjoyed this movie . It 's not our traditional Hellraiser tale but it kinda puts Pinhead 's role more in perspective and reveals a little more to nature of the box and its inhabitants . As I said before it may not be our traditional Hellraiser spin , but I like the mix-up and the twists . I fully recommend this to any Hellraiser fans and ask that you give it a chance and draw your own conclusions . I believe it 's worth it . I 'm not gon na go into alot of details about the movie , cause I do n't want to spoil the story . You 'll have to watch it for yourself .
 Filmed at the same time as HELLRAISER
 When its something I want , its always 5 stars!Will recommend to othersI 'm a man with very few word , Do n't press your luck !
 Hellraiser deader covers new ground and is a very good late entry sequel in the series . I liked it very much and was totally satisfied with the vendors price and promptness .
 This one of three movies -LRB- `` Benji '' being one and `` The Adventures of Milo and Otis '' being the other -RRB- that I did not edit before showing other peoples ' children . I love it for its family spirit and its good lessons . It has a plot and children will actually sit through it , two things sometimes difficult to reconcile .
 This movie is a kids movie , starring a young Andrew McCarthy and an even younger Danny Pintauro -LRB- who played Jonathan on `` Who 's the Boss ? '' -RRB- . The story is about a bunch of orphaned children who vow to stick together as a family . The kids move to a small town and start their life together . The character Arthur played by Andrew McCarthy works on a newspaper advice column known as Dear Lola -LRB- everyone assumes Lola is an elderly lady -RRB- . The story revolves around the kids keeping the fact that they do not live with an adult from the small town . This movie is very charming , and has a sweet story . Beniker gang is one of my childhood favorites .
 The Beniker Gang is about a group of orphans who run away from an orphanage with the help of 18-yr old orphan Arthur Beniker -LRB- Andrew McCarthy -RRB- who earns his living as an advice columnist known as Dear Lola . It 's a movie about their struggle and hope to stay together as a real family while hiding and running from the authorities who want to split them up .
 When I was growing up , The Beniker Gang was in heavy rotation in our house . It seemed the Disney Channel played this movie a lot -LRB- along with tons of other great stuff -RRB- and we even had it shown to us once or twice in elementary school . It always felt like a `` popular '' movie . That 's what makes it so vexing that it was n't until recently it became available on DVD.Compared to the often over-processed , plastic cinematography of movies today , it 's striking how `` rough '' the Beniker Gang looks . The colors and contrasts are pretty muted compared to the latest Transformers flick . Of course , not every movie in the 80 's looked this `` grindhouse-y '' but this was certainly more common back then.Is this muted , unprocessed world a bad thing ? Absolutely not . I am someone who firmly believes that the less processed a movie looks , the more timeless and dreamlike its hold on the viewer can be . And such is the case with the Beniker Gang.Indeed , if one were to really look at this movie with a snarky , post-modern eye , it could be taken to task in all kinds of ways . The cyncial critic could say it 's `` hokey . '' Or he would notice that the movie just coasts on through , glossing over potential plotholes before the audience has time to ask questions . And it has a very short -LRB- 87 min -RRB- running time , with many scenes feeling abbreviated . -LRB- For example , the carnival backstory of one of the kids is launched into with very little buildup . Another example , the movie tells us that a Halloween party at the school is coming up , and rather than letting that `` pay off '' a bit later in the movie -- bam , we get the Halloween party right away . -RRB- But you know what ? It all works . The audience -LRB- assuming they 're willing to be told a gentle story -RRB- does n't care about those things . And I believe it 's because the characters inhabit this dreamlike , organic , `` other '' world , that the story feels so legitimate . You do n't ask questions , just like you do n't ask , `` But how can dragons exist ? '' in any good fairy tale . And that 's what this movie feels like , a fairy tale . -LRB- One example of how the movie 's down-to-earth presentation works in its favor is the courtroom ending . Just reading that on paper makes one roll their eyes . It sounds like the typical Hollywood cliched stuff . But the story 's tone thus far has been so low-key , the viewer just accepts the finale as a natural extension of the story . This does not feel like a Big Daddy/Patch Adams contrivance . -RRB- Still , having written that love letter to `` unprocessed '' cinematography , this DVD copy still seems a bit shabby compared to my memory of the movie on TV all those years ago . They probably did n't dig up the most pristine copy of the movie from the vault when it came time to make this DVD , nor was the best care taken to avoid digital compression in the transfer . I 'd guess if you have a super HD-insano TV , this is n't the movie to show your home system off to your bros with.I must also put in a negative word about the mono sound mix . I suppose it 's possible it was never mixed in stereo to begin with , it being low-budget-feeling and all . But that 's a little hard to believe . -LRB- This was the 80 's , not the 40 's . -RRB- I can not imagine this is quite how it 's supposed to sound . -LRB- The most glaring example is when the kids find their new house . Edmund and Benjamin walk towards Cassie and both say a line . But when Benjamin talks , nothing comes out . Clearly something is wrong here . -RRB- But despite all that , I do recommend picking this one up . Absolutely . It 's one of those cases where I feel one should be grateful that a gift is available to purchase at all , regardless of how bare-bones the package it comes wrapped in is . I do n't suppose the more cynical or hip movie goer of today would enjoy this , but then , those people do n't seem to be open to watching anything older than 5 minutes ago . I 'd recommend this family-themed movie for people open to sweet stories , and for their kids -- kids who have n't yet been taught that art needs to look like a plastic Hasbro toy in order to be enjoyed.P.S . Rewatching the movie again , I was struck by how enjoyable the music score is . It really adds energy to a premise that might otherwise feel thin . I wish one of those `` specialty '' soundtrack places like Varese Sarabande would add this to their catalogue .
 One of Andrew McCarthy 's best heart-warming performances . This was a film can be watched by the entire family .
 The beniker gang is a great family movie . I saw it as a child and I loved it . I 'm in my 30s and still thought it was great , they do n't make them like this anymore .
 When I was a kid , I used to watch this movie all the time . As an adult , I 've watched it once or twice and I still love it . The characters are great , the actors are brilliant and the story is heartwarming.I think Rooneyfan reviewed the wrong movie . LOL!Someone else said something about Jon Cryer being in this movie , but he is NOT . The actor who plays James -LRB- that 's the one I 'm assuming the reviewer was referring to because he bears a slight resemblance to Cryer -RRB- is named Jeff Alan Lee and this is the only movie he 's ever been in .
 This was very hard to find and Amazon came through . I adore Andrew McCarthy and this early in his career movie is fun to watch and good for kids t watch , too . Good family movie about strong family ties .
 Saw this on TV ages ago and continued to look for the VHS or DVD . Found it , finally at Amazon and grabbed it . -LRB- Never mind the price . -RRB- It 's a fabulous little movie with Andrew McCarthy as the head of the `` gang '' . It 's right at the top of my list along with Ray Bradbury 's `` The Electric Grandmother '' .
 IS THERE SOMEONE WHO LIVES IN THE UK WHO HAS BROUGHT THIS VIDEO AND IT WORKED ON THERE VIDEO RECORDER AS I DONT WANT TO BUY AND IT WONT WORKTHANKYOU SOO MUCH
 The sevice was great.I My Purchase alot sooner than a thougt I would.Thank You .
 I absolutely love this movie . I hope they release it on DVD soon .
 This movie is the greatest - I only wish it were on DVD
 Rooney gives the performance of his career in this epic tale of a middle school student who landed a small acting role but then went on to greatness attending Scranton U. and then becoming a social studies teacher at a Long Island high school . Some scenes from the Scranton Motor Lodge may not be suitable for young viewers . To sum it up , this movie is Terminator 2 , Debbie Does Dallas , and The Godfather all rolled up into one convenient VHS tape .
 If you are a fan of The Omen series be prepared to be scared out of your pants . I was just about to write this one off after reading the reviews but man , were they wrong ! I really agree with the earlier reviewer who thought the satanic chorus was especially evil . A great film , and not to be missed by any true fan of horror .
 Omen IV
 While it was silly to have another antichrist after Damian , this movie can not be written off too lightly . There are scenes that convey the feeling of evil more powerfully than any of it 's predecessors , reminding one of The Exorcist . I am referring especially to the scene where the detective is standing in front of a church where a chorus is singing Christmas carols . As he gazes at a Nativity scene , the figures suddenly become dark and scary looking while the infant Jesus looks like a dead burned baby -LRB- something like the baby of Damian 's assistant in Omen III just before the baby 's mother attacks his father with an iron -RRB- . The chorus , meanwhile , turns into a creepy-looking chorus of gothed-out zombies singing some kind of satanic chant while one of them very slowly and deliberately turns the crucifix he is holding upside down . There is something very perverted and evil in this scene , far beyond special effects.I am one who is never scared at the movies . The only exception being The Exorcist . But this one scared me .
 This movie is not so good as the trilogy , but it makes us tremble in some moments . But what let me really impressed is that the writer wrote the story putting a girl to be the creator of the antichrist in the world , as everybody knows that 666 is the number of the man , as the bible says . A good movie to see at Friday 's night !
 I love the way they made this movie , I watch it over and over . Thay did a great job in putting this film together . It could happen to anyone , religious or not !
 Omen IV
 I wouldnt say that the story is only a recycle of the first movie , it was inspired by the first movie.As a sort of emancipation , now a girl has to prolong the heritage of Damien Thorn.The movie was released in cinemas in Europe.Tricks arent bad for a TV movie , I didnt knew then , that it was made for TV.But the surprise is the little girl , canadian actress Asia Vieria . She is much better than her male counterpart Damien.When she smiles , you think , you are looking at the female devil itself . She is totally underrated , and I was surprised , that she hadnt made a career like some big names .
 Damien Thorn is reborn in his subsequent sister Delia , a dark-haired little girl who is adopted by a politician destined fo the presidency - sound familiar ? The Antichrist is persistent.A nun turned prostitute then evangelical jesus-freak is tormented with the knowledge of helping to bring ` the evil ' into the world ; she prays to ` god ' for forgiveness that she did n't kill the child when she had the chance . Mother Superior has a heart attack after slapping the holy sheizer out of the pre-nun , & a crucifix inverts during an agonizing supplication.Very early on , she shows signs of her ` wickedness ' - scratching her mother across the cheek while still but an infant.As might be expected , her whole childhood is filled with a series of anomeles.While at school , a ... - disturbing little brat picks on little Delia for some undetermined reason , perhaps as an exercise in masochism . In a particularly memorable scene , the brat makes off with Delia 's lunchbox , dumping the contents onto the floor , stamping on it while laughing idiotically . Well , Delia does n't take kindly to this antagonistic gesture , & forthwith slams her lunchbox square across the brute 's ugly mug - he just sits in the corner crying his little beady eyes out , after managing to strike little Delia . But she gets her revenge - the next day , during a break , Delia makes off with his lunch , & runs out to mount & climb a ladder leading to the roof . When she gets quite a ways up , the little pigface follows , & begins to climb , but lo & behold , he 's afraid of heights!He ends up urinating all over himself in front of the whole class . Ah , sweet revenge ... Next , babysitter selection comes along , & who manages to get the job , but a new-age flake / weakan type.One day , Delia comes in from playing , & notices the babysitter sitting in the kitchen with her mother , with a book displayed on the table , entitled , `` The Book of Light '' ; I paraphrase - `` It 's all about healing , & crystals ... '' , `` And stupid junk ! '' yells Delia , slamming the book on the floor . A truly wonderful scene.Another scene involves curious Delia inspecting the weakan 's crystal necklace . Guess what ? It turns black . As do all of the crystals in her drawer.Another incident involved the babysitter taking a shower , when all of a sudden , she sees an inverted cross appear in the steam on the mirror . Frightened , she finally employs one of her ` wippie ' friends to ` feel the vibe ' - well , he promptly becomes quite ill , almost smashing his car into Delia 's ` mother 's ' . The weakan arranges to trick Delia into attending a weaker - blindlight convention , where all manner of occultnik idiocy is enacted . By & by , as Delia passes the different booths , the practitioners are horrified by her presence , much like rabbits in the face of a stalking predator , until she is finally sabotaged , & forced to take a Kirlian photograph , which develops quite predictably . Swirls of black & red paint , which denotes chaos.Eventually , one of the flame tossers ignites himself , which catches upon the roof of a booth , & soon , the whole place is a raging inferno , with Delia smirking in its wake.Eventually , Delia 's ` mother ' gets the ` xoid cooties ' , the paranoia bug , consulting priests & pastors about the rise of the Antichrist , the book of Revelations , etc.Finally , with the help of the ` lambs of god ' , she manages to justify her paranoia , & makes up her mind for infanticide . Not surprising , actually , considering that the judeo-xian god has been guilty of this atrocity twice -LCB- jeezwiz & Ezekiel 's son Abraham - the latter , which was a cruel mind-scrambling joke -RCB- . The Detective helping her gets demolished , amidst a chorus of spechtral dark angels.The little nun finally finds relief by the fang , & the weaker is destoyed . The ` mother ' stalks towards the bedroom , as Delia holds the infant ; the ` mother ' points her gun , the baby displays the characteristic ` Mark of the Beast ' , & then ... ? Overall , Omen 4 is very entertaining , without the demoralization . Delia proves herself to be quite a demon-spawn .
 All of you `` The Devil '' horror movie lovers get ready for the omen series which by me , is the scariest horror movie ive ever seen . And i have seen many horror movies . This movie simply stick with you forever . The movie is about a man and wife -LRB- gregory peck , lee remick -RRB- who adopt a child at birth who turn out to be the antichrist . I am jewish and this movie scared me . I think what helps make this movie scary is the music which Alan Goldsmith won an oscar for . This one is not appropriate for the kids ... until age 15 atleast . Anyway people through the movie warn the couple about theyre child . But anyone who stands in his way will die !! Famous decapitation scence in this movie -LRB- i dont know why its famous it just ... is ! -RRB- And for all you hot shot `` I never get scared of horror movie 's '' people watch out ... beacuse the omen will change that all !
 Omen IV
 Omen IV is about a congressman and his wife who adopt the daughter of Satan and name her Delia . Though she seems sweet she is really evil and spreads demonic terror everywhere she goes . The movie is strange and hard to follow at times . Soundtrack is good but not original . The acting was great . Some parts had good horror but it was more drama and suspense . I strongly recommend it to teens 13 and over or anyone looking for a scare . Would not recommend it to children under 12 .
 I think they did a great casting job for the role of Delia . She did resemble one of the neighborhood kids in my area . Good film ... a lot of satanic factors mentioned . The ending of the film is a bit strange when Delia 's adopted father , demon brother , and Delia herself were walking away from the cemetary .
 `` The Omen IV-The Final Chapter '' is quite a good film , considering it was a made-for-cable TV movie that aired in 1991 and not released to theatres . The plot deals with the fact that Damien , the original anti-Christ from the first three films , is deceased . However , all is not well in the world as Damien fathered a child before his death , a girl , who has inhabited Damien 's evil ways and thirst for world domination and death . The little girl , Delia , played superbly by child actress Asia Viera , is chilling and morbid in her performance , as the viewer almost believes she is truely possessed by satan . The stunts and script are surprisingly strong and the performances by the two actors playing the desperate parents are involving . In all , a great way to complete the `` Omen '' franchise . Overall I truely enjoyed this movie.The bonuses are barebone , but if you love the `` Omen '' movies you have to purchase this to complete your collection . This film is available as a stand-alone DVD or as part of the beautiful five disc box set that features all the `` Omen '' movies . The film is also in widescreen format and runs approximately 97 minutes .
 A must see ! Damien has kids ;-RRB- if you loved the first 3 then this is for you or anyone ... The ending leaves it open so I was n't to happy there .
 This movie takes place after the death of Damien . His child is born ... Delia and she 's awesome and a terror . She is ready to fufill the prophecy to rule the world and be educated in Rome . Her adopted father is in politics and will help her all the way along with her baby brother who is actually another devil child . It 's all about politics and running or ruining the world ... according to the book of Daniel that her adopted mother finds out before it 's too late.It 's my favorite of the quatrilogy actually . Little Delia is adorable and mean but it 's so fun to watch . I recommend the whole box set of these movies but this one is my favorite .
 I like this movie a lot . I like it a lot because of the Girl DELIA . I have always liked movies that have Evil Chrildren in it . DELIA I am on your side . HAIL SATAN HAIL DELIA .
 very raw and unedited but a perfect background soundtrack if yer doing somethin else . Yes , it seems thrown together with no production value but that 's part of why it 's great . . Weirdo horror flicks like &#34; monstrosity &#34; , &#34; daught of horror &#34; , and &#34; the mole people &#34; are exact what im interested in and how can you not count Chris Lee 's mummy classic ? horror!also great are the off the wall spaghetti western titles -LRB- HIGH PLAINS DRIFTER -RRB- and even the perennial favorite TREASURE ISLAND ... loose and fun
 Run this on the tube with the sound off ... campy perfection ! I typical run old classics like the original Dracula or Frankenstein but this is compilation is exactly what I was looking for .
 This is where `` Hill Street '' , `` Homicide '' and `` NYPD Blue '' got their start . Anyone who liked any of those will love this film.Sidney Lumet crucified the NYPD in his earlier critically acclaimed `` Serpico '' . Allegedly , he took on this work to somehow atone for giving the police such a bad time . Here , we see how corrpution begins almost imperceptably -LRB- as one sympathetic prosecutor notes -RRB- . Getting back from the bad guys , however , must be done in one great leap , as the protagonist so tragically shows us.This film is based on the true story of a former NYPD detective , turned into a book by Robert Daley . It is terrifically cast , with Treat Williams creating a role of real-life Detective Robert Leuci . Backing him are Jerry Orbach as his partner , the quintessential New York cop . James Tolkan is the weasel of a prosecutor -LRB- who gets his come-uppance from Orbach -RRB- , and Ron Karabatsos as the worst of the no-goodniks , Sal DiBennedetto.Get past the profanity and do n't let the inevitable conclusion of the attempted atonement be a downer . It is spell-binding .
 Viewed
 treat williams stars as a conflicted cop who decides to ease his conscious by providing information on crooked cops , but `` not my own partners , never '' . however , as his disclosures increase , he is pressured by the justice department to turn on his partners . sidney lumet -LRB- `` dog day afternoon '' -RRB- does a masterful job of portraying the guilt , shame and conflcit expereinced by cops who must do illegal activites in order to get convictions . treat williams is perfect in the role of `` danny '' , the cop who wants to do the right thing but has no idea of the forces he is dealing with . once you cross over , you ca n't go back . this is one of my top 10 `` desert island ' picks of amercian made films . you will be most impressed as I was in this film
 I first saw this film back in the '80s because my parents had rented the video and was riveted from start to finish . It features some of the most intense acting I 've ever seen in a motion picture ; how Treat Williams did n't get an Oscar is beyond my comprehension .
 A facinating account of a NYC cop who has a crisis of conscience.He wanted to be a good cop but is caught up by the circumstances around him . A terrific performance by Treat Williams.Superbly directed by Sidney Lumet . New York City gritty . Long -LRB- 2 hrs 45 min -RRB- but well paced . Profane language but is used well to show the intensity of the film . Go buy it or rent it at a video store !
 One of the 10 best movies EVER . I simply can not understand why this movie gets so little attention . It combines the best of The Godfather and Seprico . Totally intense
 A recurrent feature in Lumet 's work has been policing and police corruption . This film is powerful addition to that ouvre.The film is set at the same time as the French Connection and indeed it focusses on the same unit depicted in that film . However where Friedkin , the director of The French Connection , focussed on car chases and glorifying police power and summary executions this movie deals with the uncomfortable fact that the unit was one of the most corrupt in NYPD history.And yet , the film avoids caractures and simple explanations . The cops are still decent and likable people despite their excesses and hence the difficulty of the central character 's decision to expose them is never shirked . Justice when it comes is a sad thing with no fanfare and often with tragic consequences.In some respects this film might be seen as a precursor to `` The Wire '' , where tension and entertainment are derived from the dilemmas of the characters and the painstaking detail of the investigation and the subsequent court cases rather than from action set pieces.A gripping , rarely remembered meditation on policing , corruption and the price of redemption from one of the all time great directors .
 Loved the film , DVD worked great , no skips or errors.Comes with cool additional features and the making of the film.I recommend the film to anyone who enjoys this type of crime drama , based in reality.Kevin .
 This is one of my favorite movies , right up there with The Godfather & The Godfather II . As others have mentioned it is almost 3 hours long which requires undivided attention from viewers because of the number of characters & the plot.I remember seeing this movie as a tween & then and now am always riveted by the performance of Treat Williams as the conflicted young detective , Daniel Ciello . As the youngest member of a rogue plain clothed detective unit , Ciello becomes troubled by the acts of corruption he has participated in with the group and once called in to talk with investigators of the Chase Commission he can no longer deal with his conflicted feelings between what he `` should '' be doing as a cop vs what he was actually doing and so begins to out corrupt lawyers , bail bondsmen , etc. . He vows not to bring down other cops or his partners.Although Ciello does n't intend to get himself or his partners `` caught up '' in the investigation -LRB- initially admitting to only having committed 3 illegal acts -RRB- , the relentless pursuit of corruption within the entire system ultimately forces him to reveal his deeds & betray his partners . This confession ultimately causes his rabbi & a partner to commit suicide and causes the death of his mobbed up cousin.Treat Williams portrayal of at first a swaggering cop to a broken , guilt-ridden man is riveting . Other actors who stood out to me are of course , the always wonderful - Jerry Orbach as Gus Levy one of Ciello 's partners ; Lane Smith as Tug , one of the FBI agents assigned to protect Ciello & his family and Carmine Caridi as the doomed Gino Mascone . I was surprised to discover that Treat Williams nor Jerry Orbach were nominated for oscars.This is one of those films that I enjoy watching once or twice per year because of the compelling story & performances . I 'd recommend it to those who enjoyed The Godfather series .
 A righteous cop who 's a bit on the take trades the partners who love him for the system that uses him in the second of Lumet 's NY Cops Quartet . Lumet and Jay Presson Allen have written such a complex yet great script that at times you wish it got the more cinematic dimensions that Scorsese could bring to it as opposed to Lumet 's dramatic but austere approach . In the docs here he discusses his ambivalence towards the main character and you get that watching the film . He 's never given the point of view allowed to Pacino 's Serpico or Paul Newman 's Frank Galvin . As a result Treat Williams is all over the place . He 's great in some scenes and in other he 's just too much . -LRB- There 's even an odd bit where he seems to be doing a Steve Martin imitation . -RRB- Still , this powerful and moving picture -LRB- and Williams ' performance -RRB- deserve a better reputation that it 's had over the years . It packs a bigger punch than Serpico -- also a great picture.And this really deserves to be revisited alongside American Gangster which covers much of the same territory . -LRB- I assume the character of `` The King '' here is based on Frank Lucas . -RRB- Giant company of actors with almost no miscues -- though Bob Balaban 's weird and officious Disraeli-haired Fed is a bit distracting .
 I have seen this movie at least five times now . It 's one of my favorites of all time . Treat Williams was outstanding and merited an Oscar . All the actors who played cops on his team were excellent . Music is also great .
 `` Prince of the City '' is , I believe , Lumet 's best movie and one of the best films of the 1980s , an intelligent drama about the conflict between loyality and morality.It 's part of Lumet 's investigation of corruption amongst the `` men in blue '' which includes `` Serpico '' , `` Night Falls on Manhattan '' and `` Q & A '' . `` Prince of the City '' is about morality but it does not moralise . Lumet 's characters face difficult decisions and he shows their agonising in all its complexity . Treat Williams ' character -LRB- Danny -RRB- moves back and forth between self interest and loyality to friends and the law - never really clear what is right and always on his own.Whenever there is a police corruption `` scandal '' in Sydney -LRB- and there often is ! -RRB- I turn to this film to give me perspective - to remind me of how the protagonists are human and how life is never black and white .
 A true story . Over 200 different scenes . A thinking man 's movie . Those with any kind of attention deficit need not attend . This movie captures beautifully the concept that only a small percentage of the population realizes or even needs to know
 For anyone who appreciates the realness , detail and moral ambiguity -LRB- good guy / bad guy -RRB- of The Wire , this powerful , groundbreaking movie is essential viewing . It 's depiction of the unforeseen consequences and entanglements of a `` War on Drugs '' and what that would eventually bode for those on both sides of the law and the entire degradation of the criminal justice system makes this film timeless.The scene where each of the prosecutors who worked with Danny Ciello and whose careers he helped make , are asked to debate over his fate should be required viewing for anyone in the criminal justice profession.I first saw this movie about ten years ago on VHS and always had a difficult time finding it on dvd.At that time the incredible performance of Treat Williams , who in 3 hours is able to portray the slow , procedural disassembling of a man 's personality , character and sanity just left me awestruck . So much so , that you just ca n't feel anything but deprived that no one ever went onto give him roles of the depth and breadth normally reserved for the DeNiro 's and Pacino 's of American cinema . Before I saw it , I thought `` Treat Williams ? '' with Sidney Lumet?This is a film that deserves to be viewed many times and whose multi-layered message and tragedies are all too important then as they are now . A prophetic , defining document of the essential problem at the heart of the drug war and how it began to break the criminal justice system , the lives of drug addicts and of the police officers whose own belief in justice and right and wrong are betrayed by a machine whose uncontrollable thirst for prosecution ignores ethics , morals and values for statistics , career advancement and power . An incredible , brave work for it 's time , that has survived only to become more only more vital ever since .
 First off this is a great movie . It pushes the boundaries of what film can do , especially mainstream studio films.Try making this pitch to a studio today -- I want to make a movie who 's hero is a corrupt cop , it will be about three hours long and have about two hundred speaking parts . The main character will have four partners and a couple of dozen federal prosecutors working with him and the audience will be expected to keep track of who 's who without a complimentary arrow chart . And even though this is a cop movie , there are no gunfights or car chases and no mysteries get solved . -LRB- The investigation into the theft of the heroin from `` the French Connection '' bust is a crucial plot point , but it never does get resolved in the movie . -RRB- I want to cast a relatively unknown outside of theater actor as the lead and for the crucial supporting role of tough veteran cop I want to cast a good character actor , he 's not really a star or anything but he does have alot of experience , but up to this point in his career he usually specializes in light comedies and Broadway musicals . The movie does n't make the cops out to be heros but it does n't completely villanize them either , merely points out that they 're fallible and human and under enormous pressure . The federal proscutors who are trying to clean up the police corruption will be portrayed as having an admirable goal but the film will portray them as being more ambitious about furthering their careers then completing the case , motivated by election politics , and careless or ruthless with the lives of the cops unfortunate enough to fall into their clutches . Oh and it also points out that some of the gangsters were capable of surprising amounts of loyalty and compassion . So there are n't really any heros or villains.I do n't know who had more guts , Lumet for making this movie or the studio chief who greenlighted the project.Financially they took a beating for taking so many risks and making a film that definitely is not a feel-good crowd pleaser . It asks alot from its audience but if you 're willing to invest the time and the effort of trying to remember who is who , then the film has alot of rewards.First off there 's the performancesTreat Williams gave an awesome performance as the main character . This was his first major part in a major motion picture and unfortunately for Treat he has Paul LeMatt syndrome , where every other role after his breakthrough must seem like a major letdown . JerryJerry Orbach went from being a bit player in musicals and comedies to dramatic actor and eventually `` Law and Order '' and the man who put Baby in a corner . He once said in an interview that whenever cops met him on the street and recognized him they usually mentioned `` Prince of the City '' rather than `` Law and Order '' . He 's that good in this . He should have been playing tough cops even earlier in his career.Lindsay Crouse is very good as the wife . Just as corrupt in her way as her husband but also probably wiser and more loyal to his friends than he is.Also look for a very young Cynthia Nixon -LRB- from `` Sex and the City '' -RRB- as a teenaged junkie who gets smacked around by her boyfriend for stealing his heroin when he 's jonesing bad.In a cast of hundreds its tough to point out all of the good performances , but particular memorable were whoever played DiBennedetto and the bald prosecutor Orbach threatens to throw out a window and aim so that he lands right on his pointy head.Many memorable characters and many memorable lines . A powerful , tragic tale of brutal honesty and surprising compassion for the corrupted .
 If you are a follower of director , Sidney Lumet 's films over the last few decades , you know how absorbed he seems to be with matters of police and government corruption . Mostly based in his hometown , New York , these movies reflect a profound familiarity with his subject matter that lends an amazing feeling of authenticity to each one . The other common characteristic of a Lumet film is his fabulous ability to elicit powerful performances from his casts . Trear Williams , for no known reason , never seems to achieve the level of stardom that an attractive and monumentally talented artist such as he is rightly deserves . He may never have been better than he is in this meaty starring role . The supporting players all seem to be in equally fine form . The film is long and , although it has some lively moments , should not be confused with the typical thrill-a-minute police action show . For the serious viewer who likes to see an intelligent , intensely dramatic study of issues that affect us all , there a few films as deeply satisfying as `` Prince of the City '' .
 This film is outstanding ! Unlike other cop movies , this one ventures into deeper questions of loyalty , friendship , fear , love and betrayal and explores them with stunning intensity . Williams surely deserved the Oscar for his heartbreaking portrayal of a person whose good intentions turn into a nightmare for himself , his friends and his family .
 I saw Prince Of The City years ago and it has stayed with me ever since . Its a long , heartbreaking story but wonderful from start to finish . Like the other reviewers I thought Treat Williams was headed straight to the top . I can only conclude he was sleeping with some Hollywood bigshot 's wife . What a performance .
 Sidney Lumet-what a filmmaker . This man has made so many excellent films and is such a craftsman , it was hard for me to pick one to write something about . I guess this one gets a little less credit than some of the others and so I 'm drawn to it . It 's unbelievable how quickly I was totally entranced by this film . Treat Williams is never better than right here . It 's as interesting a film to me as Oliver Stone 's JFK and I think I like it a little more than that film . I just have to demand that you watch-as soon as you can . It 's long , but well worth the trip and much more involving than any police drama I 've seen in many years . Please , please watch it-or buy it !!!
 This is where `` Hill Street '' , `` Homicide '' and `` NYPD Blue '' got their start . Anyone who liked any of those will love this film.Sidney Lumet crucified the NYPD in his earlier critically acclaimed `` Serpico '' . Allegedly , he took on this work to somehow atone for giving the police such a bad time . Here , we see how corrpution begins almost imperceptably -LRB- as one sympathetic prosecutor notes -RRB- . Getting back from the bad guys , however , must be done in one great leap , as the protagonist so tragically shows us.This film is based on the true story of a former NYPD detective , turned into a book by Robert Daley . It is terrifically cast , with Treat Williams creating a role of real-life Detective Robert Leuci . Backing him are Jerry Orbach as his partner , the quintessential New York cop . James Tolkan is the weasel of a prosecutor -LRB- who gets his come-uppance from Orbach -RRB- , and Ron Karabatsos as the worst of the no-goodniks , Sal DiBennedetto.Get past the profanity and do n't let the inevitable conclusion of the attempted atonement be a downer . It is spell-binding .
 A REAL LIFE STORY OF THE TRIALS AND TRIBULATIONS OF BEING A NARCOTICS DETECTICE IN NYC IN THE ' 70 'S , OUTSTANDING PREFORMANCES BY ALL ACTORS . A VERY RARE MOVIE .
 i heard of this movie but i never had a chance to watch it . this is a must see cop movie .
 When a cop assumes the investigation about certain nasty procedures , he finds absolutely alone with is findings , becoming the people 's enemy . Perhaps the script was overloaded and the running time of 167 min . can make you get tired due many involved issues.I still remind in the interview 's James Lipton -LRB- Inside the actor 's studio -RRB- When Sidney Lumet stated the lenses he employed was another actor in the film , altering the reality making the things look like totally deformed ; to accent the rarefied atmosphere and remarking the rottenness.Towering performance of Williams.It 's amazing this gem film has n't been released on DVD at this time !
 I just saw it . It was n't bad , but also was n't the most entertaining movie I 've ever seen . Perhaps , `` entertaining '' was not the cheif objective here . A lot of work went into it obviously , and I could appreciate that , though at times the movie was kind of a frustrating ordeal , not only for the main character but for me as well . It was hard to really feel his need for redemption to begin with . We know he 's somewhat on the take , in the beginning , but we 're not really brought to the point of feeling the anguish that brings him to want to turn informant . This happens soon after the movie begins and we 're left reeling in the next two plus hours with his decision . Really , we are given a few brief incidents -LRB- he helps a junkie get smack , and his own brother accuses him of too lavish a lifestyle -RRB- - then bam - he wants to talk to the D.A.Through endless court indictments and the eventual revealing of his own misdeeds , we learn about some of the things which may have brought New York cop , Danny Ciello , to the point of wanting to turn informant -LRB- though by that point in the movie he 's probably regretting having done so -RRB- . But telling is one thing . Showing is another . I 'd have sympathized more with his whole struggle if I 'd been SHOWN stronger reason in the beginning for his wanting to turn , which in the eyes of his colleagues , and even the viewers at times , seems like a weak betrayal - perhaps a character problem rather than an issue of conscience.As an idea , the dilemma is readily apparent -LRB- between what he and indeed the whole legal system deem is right , and the practical realities of the street -RRB- . Prince of the City is the study of a man who makes an incredibly daring decision and the aftermath that follows . While on an emotional level , it never completely made me understand his decision , it does explore an issue well worth exploring and leaves us to reach our own conclusions .
 One of the best `` sit on the end of the chair '' kind . Do n't know how I missed it since 2007 . But I have it now , thanks to Amazon .
 This movie is one to see ! If you like drama , suspense and true-life stories , then this is a movie to see . I had it a long time on VHS and wanted to replace it on DVD . I 'm so glad it finally made it to digital .
 Received the DVD in great condition . Two Thumbs Way Up ! ~ Rich C.
 This is a film that was inexcusably blown off at the Oscars . It richly deserved the awards it never received . Lifted straight from the book with only minor name changes , Prince of the City was a compelling look into the world of a narcotics detective as he brings about his unit 's downfall . Danny Cielo -LRB- Treat Williams -RRB- is the cop who belatedly develops a conscience and rebels against what he and his men have become in their war on drugs ; they 've corrupted themselves to nail the corrupt and maintain their fantastically high arrest and conviction rate.At first , Cielo has no intention of turning in his unit . He actually tries only to go after the criminals . However , in making a deal with the feds he 's made a deal with the devil . The prosecutors realize they have a gold mine in Cielo and dig into him for all the information they can obtain . Little by little , the circle tightens like a noose around Cielo until he ends up fingering his mentor , then his own men . For a cop to rat on fellow cops is a deeply imprinted anamoly , an affront to the brotherhood that binds the police more tightly than blood ties . Cielo disintegrates under the pressure and agonies of his betrayals , shaking and crying , popping Valium to alleviate his tortured guilt . Around him , his men rat each other out and one even commits suicide . Only one is strong enough to withstand the feds
 There once was a kingdom ruled over by a fair and righteous king . One day , an evil witch descended upon the well from which the people drank , and poisoned the water . The very next day everyone but the righteous king drank the poisoned water . And they all went insane . All but the king that is . For several days after , the people wondered aloud , `` What happened to our king , '' they shouted in the streets , `` Has he gone insane ? '' So the king went and drank from the poisoned water , and everything was well again.That is the story Al Pacino 's girlfriend tells him late in `` Serpico '' , Sidney Lumet 's celebrated 1973 true-life tale about police corruption and one 's man 's obstinate stand against it . Apart from Pacino 's performance as Frank Serpico , that film was a compromised moral drama , thrown haphazardly together to fit a commercial running time . The success of `` Dog Day Afternoon '' -LRB- 1975 -RRB- and `` Network '' -LRB- 1976 -RRB- then allowed Lumet to make Prince of The City , unquestionably his greatest work , and worthy of the story of the king . As a piece of narrative it ignores all the established rules
 Almost 3 hours long and worth every minute . As great a cops and mafia film as there are , even comparable to the Godfather saga -LRB- I & II -RRB- . Danny Ciello is a policeman hero , though technically he may be a criminal . These kind of police are the only people that stand between the comfortable beaurocracy class of lawyers and politicians and the jungle of drugadicts and all sorts of criminals . They do the dirty job the talkers wo n't do but appreciate as long as they themselves do n't get caught -LRB- anything comparable to Plato 's Republic , maybe ? -RRB- The question the film poses to the audience is
 About ten years ago , I picked up a paperback of Robert Daley 's `` Prince of the City '' . I found Daley 's account of corruption in the ranks of the New York City Police Department and the Knapp Commision hearings mesmerizing . This led me to Peter Maas ' `` Serpico '' . Naturally I hunted down the two films that director Sidney Lumet based on these books . As much as I liked `` Serpico '' I found `` Prince of the City '' a much more compelling story . I think this has more to do with the fact that Danny Ciello -LRB- Bob Leuci in the book -RRB- is a much more enigmatic figure than Frank Serpico . Serpico was a maverick but there was no questioning his integrity . Ciello 's motives for blowing the whistle are a little more problematic . As a high profile narcotics detective , Ciello took bribes from organized crime figures and provided his stoolies with drugs among his many sundry offences . Now you can say that a lot of what Ciello did were necessary evils in conducting his day to day affairs but he also feathered his own personal nest . When he decides to go clean with the Commision he wants to do it on his own terms , meaning he 'll bring down people he has a personal distaste for but not his friends on the force or his partners . Ciello 's handlers have a different agenda , however , that does n't naturally cohere with his . `` Prince of the City '' is a long film but it never sags . Aside from Lumet 's crisp direction he also has crafted an engrossingly complex script with Jay Presson Allen . Treat Williams as Ciello gives a wrenching account of a man in turmoil . This is the kind of performance that gets overlooked probably because Ciello is a morally ambiguous figure . This is one of the great American films of the Eighties and one for all time .
 Since the begining of the DVD era I have searched fo this movie constantly.I really ca n't believe how long it has taken to be presented in this format , but after May 2007 I 'm sure all will be forgiven.I wo n't go into the specifics of the plot as that has been covered in so many reviews here already.Those of you who have already seen it need not read any further , as I 'm sure I would just be preaching to the converted , but to those Prince Of The City `` virgins '' I say `` Turn off the lights , close the blinds and switch off your phone '' . For the next 167 minutes you 're out!I hope you enjoy this movie.This is Sidney Lumet 's finest work and while others see him as a great director , this movie shows him as one of the great storytellers.Only a true genius of this medium could keep you riveted to the screen for nearly three hour.When the movie is over you can join the rest of us in wondering where are all the awards are.It 's hard to believe that a movie this good could be so over looked throughout the award season.I 'll save you the trouble of looking it up , the Oscar for the best movie in 1981 was Chariots Of Fire.And on that I 'll leave the final word with Dr. Phil . `` What were they thinkin ' ? '
 As superb as this film is , Treat Williams escalates it to eminence . His emotionally vulnerable turncoat cop is palpable and shocking ; not for a moment lacking verisimilitude . It 's one of the truly great performances by an American actor , in a class with Jack Nicholson in Chinatown . Fortunately Williams is imbedded in a tremendous cast working from the taut screenplay of director Lumet and Jay Presson Allen , who also wrote The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie , Cabaret , and Marnie . Lumet , who has directed a raft of important films , from The Pawnbroker to Dog Day Afternoon , has never topped this film . It 's even finer than his own much better known Serpico . You will never find a better depiction of the fetid gut of the American justice system in the time of drug prohibition .
 The mother of all cop movies ! God bless Sidney Lumet and Treat Williams ! Literally , this is the best movie about cops I have ever seen . Nothing comes even remotely close . It 's not an action movie , you wo n't see any car chases , but you will get an insight into the human condition which is rarely explored in movies nowadays . I 've talked to ex-cops and they all cite this movie as being the most accurate in showing NYPD culture as it was and is today . Treat Williams along with the rest of the ensemble cast give truly amazing performances that has to be seen to be believed . Treat Williams , especially , was seriously robbed of an Oscar -- a nomination would not have been enough , he should 've got the award dammit . I call this a ` crack ' movie because as soon as it starts , it wo n't let you go . Watch and be amazed .
 This is easily the best film that master director Sidney Lumet has ever made ; his masterpiece . I first saw this on cable TV when it came out . Of course Hollywood ignored it , as they do all Lumet films , because he is a New Yorker , and not in their club.This film has it all
 I am thrilled that this movie is finally being released on DVD . Otherreviewers have done an admirable job describing it 's greatness.After first watching this movie in a theater all those years ago I had emotions similar to those I had after first watching `` The Godfather '' and a veryfew other special films that reach true motion picture greatness . I havewatched it many tmes on my VHS copy and will watch it many more on DVD . Do n't miss it .
 Simple words , but a powerful mantra that defines the most under appreciated epic of the 1980 's . PRINCE OF THE CITY may have been a bigger commercial success had it been hyped as a sequel to SERPICO , but this Sidney Lumet gem is at best a peripheral tale of 1970 's police corruption in the NYPD , uniquely told from a cop in pain 's point of view . PRINCE rightfully stands on its own in all catagories and is a thinkers ' film . Treat Williams , Jerry Orbach , Bob Balaban and a host of Lumet Players deliver in undisputed excellence . Another one that needs to go to DVD .
 I am very impressed with the acting , production and especially the music score in this movie ! I feel this should be a must see for families and particularly like the redemption at the end .
 I never thought Bollywood could make such a great film . One of the best films I have watched that I can remember !!!
 If you like Bollywood . This is such an awesome movie . had me un the edge of my seat . Kareena is in a different role from all her other movies . Very serious in this . I really got into the characters . love the sound track .
 It was a great movie , nice suspence and everything , but the main characters often make idiot mistakes ... like not using the telephone to call the cops when you 're in need , not run out of the house through the back door when bad guys are entering the front door ... not saying anything to anyone whn you have solid proof that you 've found a terrorism organism and instead `` take care of it all yourself '' hahaBut if you can get over those mistake , it 's a pretty solid movie . I really Liked it : - -RRB-
 This movie is full of surprises , just like life . The plot involves strong political emotions as well as being majorly disappointed with a spouse . Love conquers all . I would consider this a love thriller genre . The movie was filmed in Philadephia and New York . -LRB- I am a minor actress in the Brooklyn Bridge scene -RRB- .
 Sadly , `` Kurbaan '' did not get much exposure in US movie theaters . It is a well-made Bollywood movie . The music is terrific . Great special effects . Dialogue is in Hindi , but subtitles are available on DVD . Plotline may seem `` anti-American '' to some viewers . Disc # 2 was a surprise bonus , especially the `` how the explosion scene was done '' . -LRB- Some scenes were shot in Philadelphia ; my wife and I were background actors -RRB- .
 My husband and I saw this film when it was showing in New Orleans , where it was made . We both enjoyed it and we kept talking about it . It 's a heart-warming story with excellent acting and a good soundtrack . If you enjoyed `` Benny and Joon '' you 'll like this film , too .
 I saw this movie when it made it 's premiere in New Orleans . What a wonderful movie about friendship and unconditional love . Taylor Slade does a remarkable job in her role as an awkward pre-teen and Blake Balu gives a tremendously touching performance as her mentally challenged friend , Oscar . The entire supporting cast is stellar with stand out performances by Luis Q. Barroso and Micheal P. Sullivan .
 This is a great heartwarming movie . Blake Balu and Taylor Slade are both great and convincing in their roles.A must see for teenagers and adults alike , to learn about acceptance of people who are not like us .
 I was so impressed with the acting of both Blake Balu and Taylor Slade . Furthermore the Cinematography was amazing . Great job to all involved . What a fantastic movie !!
 What a great film ! An original story about odd friends fitting in together with a strange click . With some excellent casting , My Friend Oscar surprised me in the most amusingly entertaining way ! With an almost consuming commitment to their roles the 3 leads mesh perfectly together to form an A team of oddball outcasts fitting seamlessly together to create a group of misfits that appears to be way past left field ... unless you 've lived in New Orleans . While I am in no way trying to compare the two , with the location shooting and cinematography I could n't help thinking back to A Confederacy Of Dunces . A great story with a fantastic cast under great direction in a city all it 's own My Friend Oscar was a breath of refreshing cool air , an underrated treat !
 A BEAUTIFULLY , HEARTWARMING STORY OF INNOCENCE AND TRUST WITH TWO PEOPLE THAT WAS LOOKED UPON BY THEIR COMMUNITY AS OUTCAST . IT IS SO VERY WELL WRITTEN AND PLAYED . THANKS TO ALL THE `` OSCARS '' IN THE WORLD , THAT ALWAYS MAKES THE BEST OF FRIENDS .
 Three friends and I went a showing of this film at a neighborhood theater not knowing what to expect . We 'd heard unspecific reports from friends that it was `` good '' and `` really enjoyable '' and so were curious enough to give it an evenings try.Each of us were totally delighted by this well done , endearing film . The characters each have reality , depth , personality . Several are played by high school students who present themselves as young actors engaged in making a film . Lots of innate talent!The story line moves along well , is believable and engages the audience with humor . pathos and with innovative visual effects . Considerable thought and planning went into the production as is evident by the outcome . There is no `` dead time '' in this movie , it moves along playfully and beautifully and takes you with it through its turns and unexpected twists to a captivating conclusion.All in all , this is a funny , engaging , moving film . It clearly speaks to the heart about friendship , love and overcoming obstacles without being sappy and sentimental.If you do n't enjoy it , call me in the morning for an appointment.Dr.S.Freud43-1097-335-9055-8 --
 Maybe we all saw this film at the Prytania Theatre in New Orleans , the only single-screen movie theater in Louisiana . ` Oscar ' is utterly beguiling in its depiction of two misfits who find one another -LRB- reminiscent of `` Sundays and Cybele '' -RRB- . Its story takes believable twists and turns and there are wonderful animation sequences for material that might not come over as effectively if actually depicted . Wistful beauty meets sometimes brutal reality . The three central performances are as natural as any I 've ever seen on screen , particularly Blake Balu as both versions of Oscar and Luis Q. Barroso as his father , giving a moving performance that lingers in the mind -- and heart . As does this film . Also , you 'll see parts of New Orleans `` major '' films rarely visit
 This is probably the most accurate portrayal of Huck ever brought to screen ! Here you see the young hero learn the power of loyalty and the evils of racism as he smokes and curses his way through one adventure after another.Despite criticisms about the use of racially offensive language , this movie -LRB- and book -RRB- have done much toward bridging the gap between the races by imparting understanding and empathy . Accusations that the language of the book should justify its being banned are born of ignorance , not a true desire for tolerance.Watch this and decide for yourself .
 THIS MOVIE IS ONE OF THE GREAT STAR MICKEY ROONEY 'S VERY BEST . WHO CARES IF IT 'S NOT TOTALLY TRUE TO THE BOOK . THE FACT HERE IS THAT I WATCH IT TO SEE MICKEY ROONEY 'S GREAT TALENT AND JUST TO SEE HIM . HE HAS SUCH A SCREEN PRESENCE , THERE IS JUST SOMETHING ABOUT HIM THAT MAKES ME BELIEVE THAT NO OTHER COULD BE ANY BETTER . THIS MOVIE IS GREAT ! IF YOU ARE A MICKEY FAN AS I AM YOU WILL LOVE THIS MOVIE ! HE 'S GREAT AND ADORABLE !
 The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a classic story that has made its way in some way or another into the brains of every American . It is Mark Twain 's novel about a boy named Huck -LRB- Mickey Rooney -RRB- who hates school and everything proper who escapes his aunts and his deadbeat father on a raft down the river . He discovers that his aunt Polly 's slave Jim -LRB- Rex Ingram -RRB- has escaped too , and the two join forces . However , it is assumed that Jim has killed Huck , so a desperate search is on to find the runaway.Thanks to two outstanding performances by a youthful Rooney and a talented Ingram -LRB- not the director -RRB- , this film shines . Rooney was certainly no innocent little boy when he made this film , but he behaves just like one . Ingram was lucky enough to get one of the few black roles at this time with some depth ; he utilizes it . This film also stays close to the original story without being lengthy . It is an entertaining film all the way through , even if you 've read the book and seen other versions .
 This version of Huckeberry Finn is the best one I 've seen . I love the older versions of films that were made in the 30s & 40s -- and , this one is a classic .
 super movie wonderful everything just a tad different from the book but overall it was great thanks for asking
 It is n't exactly like the book , but few movies are . I enjoyed it a lot , but you should know that it can not be played on your computer unless it has a read only device .
 I bought this for my family . We have four children ages 17-10 and we all watched it-even though it was in black and white . The movie is a classic and although many years old still made my children laugh . It also made them think about issues that are hard to imagine now ... like , kids did n't wear shoes ? ; -RRB-
 How can anyone not love this movie . I always like to compare the original movie to the new version of it . Great movie to have .
 As a young boy , I grew up surrounded by the adventures in Mark Twain 's novels . I lovingly longed to live the lives of these young , impetuous boys and I envied their lust for life . As a child , the shock and danger and sheer wonderment of it all just envelopes you completely . As a young man -LRB- because I will always be young at heart regardless of the year I was born -RRB- with young children I want to fill their heads with the same infatuations I personally possessed . A great way to start is the corral them together and sit them before these wonderful old films that sport the spunk and childlike innocence that is not usually seen in children 's fare these days . ` The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn ' is a wonderful tale of excitement and danger and life lessons that I nearly forgot would come . That said , some of that wonderment is lost in the film 's adaptation and I 'm considering reading the novel to my daughter soon.In the 1939 film version , Finn is played by Mickey Rooney . At the time , he was MGM 's golden boy and in 1939 alone he made like six films , including ` Babes in Arms ' , which earned him an Oscar nomination . Here he portrays Finn to perfection . I 'm not normally overwhelmed by Rooney 's talents , for I often find him hammy regardless of age -LRB- he has n't changed much over the years -RRB- , but he 's wonderfully reigned in here and sells all of his key moments , even when the script is betraying him -LRB- his confession scene in the rain in particular is horribly undercut -RRB- . The nostalgia of the film itself is a key driving force , and it does n't lose that . It has such splendid moments -LRB- the ` Romeo + Juliet ' enactment , the King and Duke 's introduction scene , the finale at the jail -RRB- but sadly the film does condense some of the pivotal moments and in part it does slight some of the story 's more complex themes.Still , it is a delight of a film and my little ones adored it -LRB- well , my eldest did -RRB- . It was also fun to see Walter Connelly and William Frowley is such fun roles .
 Attention America ! If you have n't already noticed , we -LRB- now -RRB- live in a country that has pushed political correctness to the point of absurdity -- where boys are expected to behave like little girls -- in light of this `` war against boys '' in our society , a story like HUCK FINN is nothing short of REFRESHING ! You will laugh until you cry -- because , if you 're a man , you 'll see yourself here right away ! And if you 're a woman , you 'll recognize the innate God-given traits of what boys were all about in the first place
 I loved this movie when I was a child and looked high and low at every comsumer I could think of , then I thought what about Amazon , I went on line and low and behold there it was , it was priced right and the seller was amazing , I guess that 's why they call it Amazon , you can find just about what ever you want or need here , Thank Goodness for Azamon , it has made and still makes my life easier when shopping , priced right , shipes quickly and I do recommond Amazon Highly , it 's the place for all your Christmas Shopping.Thanks Amazon for Everything !!! Sincerely , A very satisfided Amazon Customer
 The one review here so far that gave this DVD a 1 star only gives it because he ca n't play it on his PC . What does that have to do with the movie itself ? Nothing . The 1 star is worthless . Best to judge the movie by the movie itself . No comment on the quality of the DVD , as well . Awful review . The video-on-demand - / online watching 7 downloading Rooney version has more actual reviews to decide better than this sole non-review . At least one reviewer there gives this Rooney version as the best version of Huckleberry Finn out as a movie .
 I want , DVD version `` The Adventures Of Huckleberry Finn '' with Mickey Roonney , with subtitles in spanish and spoken in spanish !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 If you play Warcraft , this is a fun movie to watch . It 's done at the time of Lich King release , but any raider can appreciate the guild members ' commentary on content , game mechanics , and the feeling of a first boss kill . There are female raiders interviewed as well to remind the gents that we , too , can bring the pain/heals . The game graphics used in the movie remind users to upgrade their equipment to see all that this game truly has to offer visually ! If you 're thinking about playing Warcraft , watch this for the often-misunderstood social element of the game .
 This movie is in a class by itself . Great script , wounderful direction and a great cast . Subtitles , no matter as there is very little . I am surprised they do not dub it in , but maybe they wanted it this way for a reason . It is kind of strange though that this movie comes out and now a movie called `` Judge Dreed 2 '' comes out . Same exact kind of movie almost to the tee . Tells you something about this movie . This is one foreign film I would not miss if you want action , a great story and good acting . Good Job and a A + + + + + + + .
 My daughter loves seals , and this was a very dear story with education intertwined throughout the story . I enjoyed watching it myself , very well done .
 Although a stop-gap movie for Martin Scorsese , ` Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore ' proved to be the pinnacle of Ellen Burstyn 's career . Her academy award winning performance in this film crosses back and forth between careful tenderness and passionate intensity with intelligent ease . In most of his best work Scorsese encourages the actors in his films to play around with the script and improvise extensively . In ` Alice ' he allows Burstyn 's instincts about her character to come to the fore in the scene in the kitchen with Kris Kristofferson where she talks of her early showbiz career with her brother . Practically all of the dialogue was improvised by Burstyn herself , so much so that Scorsese had to cut the scene down to 3 minutes from 15 ! In fact there seems to have been a lot of cutting going on in this film . Alice 's husband comes across as a totally unsympathetic character until you realize that much of his more tender scenes with Alice were cut in order to make the film move faster.And move faster it does , for with Scorsese 's deep aversion to static shots and his use of a hand-held camera in the small claustrophobic environments in which Alice and her son are confined , all the characters in this film look deeply unsettled in personality as well as in geography.Ironically , filming had to be stopped on this movie for a couple of days because Ellen Burstyn had to go to the Oscars as she was nominated for her role in ` The Exorcist ' that year . She returned unawarded to the work that would eventually reward her .
 I got this for my son , who liked the movie and TV series . His old VHS tape was - well , old . Now he has a nice , clean DVD version of the movie .
 This film was great with great acting and plot by great direction of Martin Scorcese . This movie 's about Alice Hyatt going on a journey with her fast talking son to find her career as a singer in Monterey , California with little money to go on . So she stops somewhere before her destination to be a singer at a bar to earn more money , but obviously it did n't work out for her the way she wanted it . So Alice continues to go on and makes a stop at Tucson , Arizona where she becomes a waitress at Mel 's Diner . She finds her new love interest with Kris Kristofferson 's character who happens to be a divorced , abusive father . He finds a way to win Alice back . Ellen Burstyn 's a wonderful actress who 've just finished the film `` The Exorcist '' then goes on to play in a dramedy where a woman can set out on her own and knows how to become independent . It 's every woman 's dream to become a singer . But not all dreams can come true for them as they may find different careers like the one in this movie . Alice 's dream of becoming a singer did n't come true.Jodie Foster in this movie was her first which helped spun her career into stardom . She played Audrey , a self-conniving little teenage girl who goes and befriends Tommy -LRB- Alice 's son -RRB- and helps him to do these juvenile things . She was a very clever kid by knowin how to get her own way without getting caught.Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore was a great film that spun a TV series `` Alice '' for nine seasons . These characters in this show played by different actors except for the character of Mel which played by the late-great actor Vic Tayback who was also in the film . The waitresses in the show was played by Linda Lavin -LRB- Alice -RRB- Polly Holliday -LRB- Flo -RRB- Beth Howland -LRB- Vera -RRB- Philip McKeon -LRB- Tommy -RRB- . The movie Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore should be watched to see how this movie became such an award-winning hit ! I recommend for all those whose curiousity about whether this movie is worth watching should take a look at it and find out . It 's a very interesting movie . I saw this movie over and over again . I 'm delighted about Scorcese 's work on this film . He makes great movies like Raging Bull , Cape Fear , The Goodfellas , The Departed and Casino .
 A decent little flick in the style of ` New Hollywood ' of the early 70s , similar in tone to movies of that period like The Last Detail , Scarecrow , Five Easy Pieces etc. though unlike those films it centers around a woman . There 's a ` slice of life ' art to these movies that I admire , like poetry , though , like poetry , you do n't come to it for the entertainment value of say a best-selling novel or the latest HBO special . The film held my interest as well as any movie from this period could be expected to , but what keeps me from giving it 5 stars is that it did n't move me terribly one way or the other by the end.Barkin 's character Alice often seems like a breakdown is n't too far away , though it 's not surprising given the circumstances . I did enjoy her brief singing career and wonder if she really did sing . . Would have liked to have had more of that and maybe less romance with Kristofferson . But it was n't to be . . Alice 's life was wrapped up in A -RRB- survival - in terms of money , finding a job and place to live , and B -RRB- in terms of surviving the men in her life . Her son I actually quite liked and would n't have described as bratty at all -LRB- although the jokes were a bit much -RRB- . He dealt with things remarkably well considering the conditions of their lives at that point.Other reasons to see this film
 While filming `` The Exorcist '' Warner Brothers contacted Ellen Burstyn about starring in another film for the studio . She found the script for `` Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore '' and fell in love with the lead character . In the early ' 70 's it was very hard for actresses to find roles that carried an entire movie , but with `` Alice '' things finally saw a turnaround for women in cinema . `` Alice '' was one of the first films to dramatize a woman making it out on her on in the world without the help of a man.Burstyn stars as Alice Hyatt whose loveless husband dies and her leaves her broke . She decides to leave town and take her mouthy son with her to California , in the town she was brought up . On her way she stops in Tuscon , Arizona , where she gets a job as a waitess at Mel 's Diner to make extra money . Alice 's real career is as a singer , but she has a hard time making it.The film is filled with many talented actors , including Harvey Keitell , who plays one of Alice 's new boyfriends , who turns out to be psychotic . This was also Jodie Foster 's first film role . Kris Kristofferson stars as the man who falls in love with Alice , despite the problems he encounters with her son.Martin Scorsese directed the film , and Burstyn would win the Academy Award in 1974 as Best Actress . She has written a splendid autobiography entitled `` Lessons In Becoming Myself '' which contains some neat info on the making of `` Alice '' . The film would span the televison sitcom of the same name in 1976 starring Linda Lavin in the title role . Ellen Burstyn stated that although she acted as a silent producer on the movie , she did not receive one penny from the TV show . Vic Tayback who plays Mel in the film , reprises his role for the series , and Alfred Lutter , who played Tommy in the movie , only did the pilot , as producers replaced him with another actor . Diane Ladd , who plays Flo in the film , would join the sitcom in later seasons playing another part.The DVD is beautiful , with the movie being cleaned and comes in widescreen format . There is a wonderful documentary on the movie featuring Ellen Burstyn who supplies anecdotes on the film .
 At times almost harking back to the Douglas Sirk weepies of the 50s , Scorsese 's follow-up to Mean Streets could not have been more different , but he attacks his material in much the same manner , if with a noticeably bigger budget . The camera is still restless but where many of his later films have gravitated towards camera effects and viscera , the nervy photography is here still designed to serve the characters rather than just pump up the scene . There are still the inevitable explosions of violence -LRB- when you see a soft-spoken and charming Harvey Keitel , you know a flick-knife 's not far behind -RRB- but in a recognisable domestic context here.Dealing with everyday people and everyday emotions , the opening sequence hints at the shortfall between movie-inspired dreams and real life that was to become the backbone of Scorsese 's heavily stylised New York , New York , but while the less ambitious film , this is by far the more perfectly realised . And Ellen Burstyn 's performance is a revelation . As the recently widowed mother trying to eke out a living as a singer on the road but ending up as a waitress in a small-town cafe , she demonstrates an astonishing range without resorting to the kind of acting pyrotechnics and incessant technique that limited so many actresses of the Streep era . Even in an oustanding cast , she leaves them all standing.With a great use of music - as in Mean Streets a mixed bag of seventies rock and standards - and an exciting blend of energy and sensitivity that comes as much from the superb screenplay as the direction , this too has defied the years and remains just as vital and relevant to everyday life and dreams four decades on as it did on its first release.Along with a good widescreen transfer the disc includes an audio commentary by Martin Scorsese , Ellen Burstyn and Kris Kristofferson , a documentary featurette Second Chances and the original theatrical trailer .
 This film was such an amazing character study . Ellen Burstyn 's performance is astonishing ! It was no surprise that she won an Academy Award for her work . The film is about a newly single mother and her 11 year old son -LRB- turns 12 during the course of the film -RRB- . In the beginning they just ca n't seem to settle down in one place , they move a number of times . They even shared a motel room for a while . Burstyn 's character is an aspiring singer who plays piano as well . Even though she 's pretty good , she still has alot of trouble finding work as a singer . In order to get by she takes a job as a waitress , where in turn she meets a man that changes everything . Even though they have their relationship issues , he is who we hope she 'll end up with . I wo n't say anymore about what takes place , because I may give away too much to those who have n't seen the film yet . It is an amazing film , made in the mid-70 's and it features one of Hollywood 's most amazing actresses . . Ellen Burstyn in one of her best roles . Oh , and another major bonus is , it just happens to be a MARTIN SCORSESE picture . Need I say more ? I will mention that the film spawned the hit show ALICE , which is based mostly on Alice and the diner .
 It has always seemed one of the odder facts of pop culture that a Martin Scorsese film actually inspired a sitcom starring Linda Lavin . -LRB- Does that mean we had Scorsese to thank , or blame , for the whole `` Kiss my grits '' thing and the spin-off `` Flo '' ? -RRB- Anyway , this early Scorsese feature is atypical - no pulsating urban life , not much in the way of brutality - but extremely entertaining , with a classic Oscar-winning performance by Ellen Burstyn as Alice , the widow who packs up her belongings and son -LRB- the impressive Alfred Lutter -RRB- and takes off for parts unknown , hoping to make it as a singer but settling for a waitressing gig at Mel 's Diner . For a while , this was seen as something of an anomaly in the Scorsese portfolio , and as of this writing it 's still unique among his films in that it 's woman-centered . In an odd way , this film is an interesting companion piece to `` Kundun '' as both movies follow a character very unlike the usual Scorsese protagonist on a journey Scorsese ca n't really relate to personally but is willing to explore anyway . The good cast includes Harvey Keitel , Kris Kristofferson , and a very very young Jodie Foster .
 The movie on which all the TV shows were based , this is Ellen Burstyn 's hard core , smart mouthing film about a woman whose husband dies , and she takes her son and goes in search of her dream of being a singer . Along the road of life , she encounters some fascinating people . The person who stands out the most is Harvey Keitel , who plays a mean , nasty husband who woos Burstyn and stirs her passions until his pregnant wife shows up . He kicks her out the door of Ellen 's motel room while trashing the place , scaring the bejezus out of Ellen and her son . She moves on.Playing the piano and singing in lounges for meager pay , she meets Kris Kristofferson and falls in love . At this point , the only job she can get is as a waitress , where she meets a fellow waitress with a mouth worse than Ellen 's . The restaurant scenes are hilarious , and the basis for the TV shows . It 's one of those not to be missed films , filled with wisdom and cynicism .
 This is one of my favorite movies . I am a big fan of Kris Kristofferson and love him in this movie !
 This is such a great movie , everyone should have a copy . One of best movies ever made ! Ellen Burstyn is such as great actress in this movie , and it is one of Kris Kristofferson 's better movies .
 When Alice 's husband is tragically killed in a truck accident , Alice decides that it is time resume the singing career she had abandoned when she got married . Traveling out to California , she ends up in Arizona , where she meets a charming man who turned out to be a married abuser . Taking a job waitressing in Tucson , she still has hopes of making it to Monterey , California and making it big . When she meets David , her experiences with men tell her to keep him at an arm 's length . But , David is not a man to take no for an answer , and he is a man who cares for Alice.This is a surprisingly powerful movie . Ellen Burstyn perfectly pulls of the role of Alice , portraying well her vulnerability and her determination . Kris Kristofferson ... well , is Kris Kristofferson ! As always he presents a manly man who is still sensitive , strong and yet totally huggable . I like the story , a definite story of taking on all that life can throw at you , and yet not letting it get you down.This is a great movie , a definite story for those who think that happy endings are made rather than found - a real overcomer 's movie ! -LRB- Review of Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore , starring Ellen Burstyn and Kris Kristofferson -RRB-
 Viewing this took me back to when the film was first released . I thought it was terrific back then , and , though dated , it still deserves watching . Ellen Burstyn is incredible as Alice , and Kris , well , enough said !
 An early Martin Scorsese film when the director was good , bringing out great performances with a sparce script.Ellen Burstyn is a hard luck wife with a wife-beating husband . The husband is out of the picture suddenly and she must make it on her own with her young son in tow . Burstyn 's acting style , just short of bursting into hysteria at any moment , very interesting really.Harvey Keitel has a small part , but steals the show as usual . His cowboy accent is a little odd , but that actor can menace.A small cameo of young boy-like Jody Foster . What were her parents thinking ? You could see it coming .
 This is one of Martin Scorcese 's lessor known films . It is , however , a very good movie - that is well written , well directed and especially well acted . The telling signs of Scorcese 's direction are there especially when it comes to camera angles and camera movement . He did similar things in Goodfellas . Burnstyn certainly deserved her Oscar for Best Actress . It loses a star as it does lapse now and then . I found myself drifting off . nevertheless definitely worth a watch and I am proud to have it part of my DVD collection .
 `` Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore '' is director , Martin Scorsese 's first great cinematic masterwork . Departing from his formulaic atmosphere of dark brooding unscrupulous characters , `` Alice ... '' tells the story of Alice Hyatt -LRB- Ellen Burstyn -RRB- an abused housewife on the verge of a nervous breakdown when her husband , Donald -LRB- Billy Green Bush -RRB- is suddenly killed in a truck accident . Determined to exploit the tragedy as her new lease on life , Alice packs up her station wagon with son , Tommy -LRB- Alfred Lutter -RRB- in tow . Alice 's dreams of becoming a singer are short lived but a second chance at romance might be in the stars when Alice lands a job as a waitress at Mel & Ruby 's Caf&eacute; where a frequent customer , David -LRB- Kris Kristofferson -RRB- recognizes Alice 's innate value as a soul mate . Burstyn 's tour de force performance won her the 1974 Academy Award as Best Actress and the film spawned the long running , highly successful television series , `` Alice . `` Warner 's DVD certainly delivers with vibrant colors . Black levels are very deep and whites are always clean . Contrast and fine details are nicely realized with only a hint of film grain . During the opening shots there is some very distracting artifacting going on but this vanishes after the opening credits for a picture that will surely NOT disappoint . The audio is mono , adequately cleaned up and nicely balanced . Extras include a thorough and insightful audio commentary , a brief featurette on the making of the film and a theatrical trailer.BOTTOM LINE
 This is a review of the movie , not the DVD . Ellen Burstyn plays Alice , a widow with a young son , whose dream is to make it as a singer in Monterey , CA . After her husband 's death she and her son go on the road . She hooks up with a cowboy -LRB- Harvey Keitel -RRB- but runs away from his violent temper . In another town Alice gets a job as a waitress at Mel 's Diner to save up enough money to complete her trip to California . This is the basis for the TV series `` Alice '' , starring Linda Lavin . Alice gets to know co-workers Flo -LRB- Polly Holliday -RRB- and Mel -LRB- Vic Tayback -RRB- and a rancher played by Kris Kristofferson . She becomes romantically involved with Kris but is afraid that getting tied down will destroy her dream of fame and fortune as a singer . Her son , meanwhile , finds a new friend -LRB- a pre-teen Jodie Foster -RRB- . She 's more worldly than he is and that 's all I 'll say about that . All in all the movie is a charming tale of how your dreams can evolve and move in directions you never expected . There are laughs and tears and even some pretty good songs . Ellen Burstyn 's performance as a woman approaching middle age and trying to make it in the working -LRB- and dating -RRB- world is excellent . I hope the DVD does the movie justice .
 This film is atypical of director Scorsese 's work , a world away from the urban , ethnic male preserves of `` Raging Bull '' and `` Goodfellas . '' Yet the personal , heartfelt quality of `` Alice '' makes it one of my favorite Scorsese outings . Singer/actor Kris Kristofferson is appealingly mellow as Alice 's laconic , no-nonsense boyfriend . Burstyn won Oscar , deservedly , and Diane Ladd -LRB- Laura Dern 's mom -RRB- is also terrific as Alice 's straight-talking waitress pal . Also look for a young , precocious Jodie Foster in a pre - `` Taxi Driver '' role .
 This is one of my favorite films and I am very excited that it has finally been released on DVD ; Scorsese 's style really shines through on this early achievement ! I have waited so long for this film to be released on DVD that I was a bit disappointed that my copy did n't come with any sort of insert or booklet ... Being a collector of my fave movies on DVD I am very surprised that there was n't a booklet included with this one . In fact , there was no insert at all ! Was I one of the unlucky ones or was there not enough interest to at least include an insert with the film 's credits and storyline ? Did this wonderful movie really come without anything inside to mark its arrival on DVD ?
 This is a memorable and poignant funny comedy - drama about a 35 year old woman who finds her own identity while being obilged to cope with the merciless and harsh reality of economic survival . Ellen Burstyn one of the twenty greatest actress in the story of the american cinema won deservedly the Academy Award . Superb script .
 Item was shipped promptly and in excellent condition . Good people to do business with .
 What struck me about this film is that even though Martin Scorsese is listed as the director of this film , it seems that he acted more as a hired hand here then as a true collaborator . Outside of a few of Scorsese 's signature song choices -LRB- I noticed Dolly Parton 's `` I Will Always Love You '' on the soundtrack -RRB- this seems to be more the product of the producers and screenwriter Robert Getchell . Do n't misunderstand me . I like this movie . Ellen Burstyn probably won a well deserved Oscar for her work here . This is the story of a woman who loses her husband and tries to pick up the pieces of her life while juggling her responsiblities for her 12 year-old son but also trying to attain her dream as a singer . But it seems that the characters here do not so much converse , they joke . I was waiting half the time for a laugh track to be piped onto the soundtrack . This made the scenes with Harvey Keitel 's odious character jarring because they seem to belong in another movie . This is a good movie but not as revolutionary as it may have seemed in 1974 .
 There is a scene in the film Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore which sums up the entire film . It is the scene in which Alice -LRB- Ellen Burstyn -RRB- , newly-widowed and desperate to get a job , convinces a bar owner to see her perform across the street -LRB- the owner does n't even have a piano in his bar -RRB- . Reluctantly , he comes , and Alice sings the old Sinatra ballad , `` When Your Lover Has Gone . '' It is a testament to Burstyn 's acting that this scene is so hauntingly beautiful , and one senses a personal connection that she has with this song , it almost sounds as if it were written just for her . And the emotions that come through in this scene -- pain , loss , but also a great deal of hope -- are essentially the film in spades.It is almost passe to mourn the passing of the cinema of the 1970s , but this is exactly the sort of movie that was made then but is n't now . It is a penetrating , intensely personal but unceasingly honest portrait of a single mother 's struggle to survive . Even though several decades have passed , the story remains timely because it is ultimately the story of humanity , and will have resonance for anyone who has had to leave the familiar and try to make it on their own . Some might dismiss it as an extended metaphor for feminism -LRB- which it is -RRB- but it is also much more than that -- it cuts far deeper , but it is ultimately a very humanistic film.I ca n't stop singing this movie 's praises . It inspires without being `` inspirational '' . It is not an exultation of the human spirit , but rather the embodiment of it . It never sounds a hollow , false , or obvious note , but rather sticks with utter realism throughout , and as a result is immensely satisfying . I would highly recommend the movie to anyone who appreciates a good drama that does n't unfold along the expected path .
 `` Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore '' tells the story of a woman who attempts to forge her own path following her husband 's sudden death . The general concept of a woman having her own career and not just being a housewife certainly is n't as radical today as it was when this first came out in 1974 , but `` Alice ... '' nevertheless remains a powerful drama thanks to thoroughly terrific performances , and to that trademark Scorsese grittiness.You can tell that while filming this movie , Ellen Burstyn really WAS Alice Hyatt -- her performance is brilliant and flawlessly convincing . Alice 's husband Donald -LRB- Billy `` Green '' Bush -RRB- dies early in the film in a traffic accident , and it becomes apparent that Alice relied on his financial support while not really being in love him . As we see in the dreamlike opening scene , Alice had aspired to be a singer as a child , a dream that she let fall by the wayside in favor of a typical role as a housewife . With her husband out of the picture , Alice has an ` everything-must-go ' type garage sale , sells the house , and hits the road , leaving Socorro , New Mexico with her often annoying , yet sharp 11-year-old son Tommy -LRB- Alfred Lutter -RRB- . When in Phoenix , a sympathetic bar owner is impressed enough by Alice 's audition to hire her to play piano and sing , leading to her meeting of Ben Eberhardt , a character brilliantly portrayed by Harvey Keitel . Ben displays a certain laidback charm , and Alice , who deep down does want to have a man around , falls for him , only to discover that he 's already married and prone to fits of violence . Keitel is absolutely devastating in the unforgettable `` break in '' scene that occurs at the motel Alice and Tommy are staying at , a scene which prompts Alice to get out of town immediately.Their next stop is Tucson , where Alice despairingly settles for a waitressing job . At the restaurant begins her initially rocky relationship with fellow waitress Flo -LRB- Diane Ladd -RRB- . She also meets at the restaurant the charming , divorced farmer David , played by Kris Kristofferson in a natural , engaging performance . Despite her wariness , Alice does fall in love with David , but the relationship is n't exactly smooth sailing , and it leads Alice into a painful realization about her own son . Meanwhile , Tommy is hanging out with his new friend , the mischievous Audrey , played astonishingly by an 11 or 12 year old Jodie Foster.Ultimately , we do get a full-blown happy-ending , and that 's okay , because it 's touchingly done , and the path that leads to that ending is such a rewarding one . `` Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore '' is a film no serious viewer should miss.As usual for a Martin Scorsese direction , this DVD release of `` Alice ... '' is very , very well done , featuring an absolutely superb widescreen transfer of the film . Additionally , there 's an excellent , informative documentary featuring interview segments with Burstyn and Kristofferson ; and there 's also insightful and unfailingly entertaining commentary from the often motor-mouthed Scorsese .
 A dream-like sequence begins this film with Alice , looking very much like Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz , fantasizing about becoming a singer in Monterey . This whimsical , nostalgic scene is abruptly ended when Alice exclaims , `` If they do n't like it they can blow it out their ass ! '' Suddenly the muted , highly stylized images of Oz become starkly realistic and we are no longer in dreamland ! It 's the early 70 's and Alice , 27 years removed from her Dorothy period , is middle aged with a smartass difficult boy , and a not so smart husband she ca n't seem to please and who makes no attempt whatsoever to please her . Her dream is now somewhere over the rainbow until fate steps in , removing her husband and freeing Alice from drudgery . Now what ? Broke , no job , no one to lean on and yet having a child that needs support , Alice sets out on the road with her dream as the ultimate destination . Soon Alice will discover that real life has a way of lowering expectations , and Martin Scorsese 's film is a slice of real life . The struggle and uncertainty , especially for a woman in a man 's world , can be daunting , but Alice is nothing if not determined . This film works due to the genuineness of the characters , the outstanding performance of Ellen Burstyn , and because it glorifies something everyone can strive for
 I saw this movie when I was very young -LRB- at least 16 years ago -RRB- . To me it was just a comedy film that launched `` Alice '' -LRB- which was one of my favorite shows at the time -RRB- . I now saw it after all these years and was amazed by all that I saw this time around.This is one of the best-acted films I 've ever seen . Nothing more needs to be said about Ellen Burstyn here other than she still remains in my mind as one of the luminary , top-drawer actresses in American cinema these past 30 + years . She is flawless here ; even breathtaking ! And the performance by Alfred Lutter as her son Tommy was one of the finest performances I 've seen by a teen/pre-teen . And of course there 's Diane Ladd as the infamous Flo , who revels -LRB- and excels -RRB- in a small meaty role that usually wins Best Supporting Actress Oscars -LRB- she unfortunately lost -RRB- . And Jodie Foster -LRB- as butch as can be -RRB- is a riot . And Kris Kristofferson gets his part just right , as do Harvey Keitel and the late Vic Tayback as the overbearing but lovable Mel.I do n't know if the perfect acting in this film is a tribute to the actors or to Martin Scorsese -LRB- or both -RRB- . But this film shows that Martin Scorsese is truly a monumental talent . High praise also goes to Robert Getchell for a screenplay that is as hilarious as it is moving . The purity and spirit of this film is obvious and very affecting.I think this is one of the great films of the 1970s . Be sure to put it on your list if you 're a student of cinema . I think it is a landmark film in the human comedy/drama genre .
 The opening of Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore must have been daring for 1974
 There are more laughs , cries , struggles , heartaches , and lessons packed into this one-woman-on-the-road show than just about any other movie you have seen . It reveals the escapism and yearning inherent to rural southwestern life . This is an excellent film from the earlier career days of distinquished directors and actors . You can certainly understand the Best Actress award that went to Ellen . A pre-teenage Jodie Foster is a bonus . Just about everyone that sees it loves this movie classic .
 While the surreal opening sequence , reminiscent of The Wizard of Oz , did nothing to enhance it , the movie as a whole is thoroughly enjoyable . Southwestern scenery , interesting soundtrack and authentic details all enrich the story . Ellen Burstyn is excellent in the title role and Kris Kristofferson is adequate as her rancher love interest . Alfred Lutter has lots of screen time and is so convincing as Alice 's annoying almost 12 year old son , Tommy , I feel like I went to school with him . Yet the host of smaller and more memorable characters really make the movie shine . Jodie Foster is great as a worldly preteen who lures Tommy in to a brush with the law . Harvey Keitel is fascinating playing a character who appears at first to be an awkward , nice guy enamored of a lounge singing Alice but morphs into an abusive and threatening lover who also turns out to be a married man . Diane Lane 's Flo is so much more real and nuanced than the `` kiss my grits '' Flo we saw on the 1970 's situation comedy `` Alice '' that was inspired by the movie . That characters of Mel , Vera , Bea and a host of other smaller parts are given believable portrayals . The end of the movie is delivered with a subtle touch . Though Tommy and Alice had originally planned Monterey , California to be their final destination the `` Monterey '' they walk toward in the closing scene is quite different . And what momentarily looks like the ocean is revealed as the camera pulls back to be a distant desert mountain .
 Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore is a great film filled with understated , deep perfromances . Bursten really shines as a widowed Alice with her young son , Tommy , who dreams of going to Monterey and becoming a singer . Instead , she ends up as a waitress in Mel and Ruby 's Cafe and trying to love again with a handsome farmer , Kristoferson . Great perfomances are abound in this movie . Dianne Ladd is wonderful is great as Flo , the independent woman who takes no guff . Jodie Foster stars as a teenage delinquent who gets Alice 's son Tommy drunk on wine and teaches him to shoplift . A warm layered rich story .
 Do you notice how little one hears about `` Raging Bull `` lately ? Well , there 's a reason -- it 's not so hot . There is alot of repetition , a lot of improvisation , a lot of falsity inthat movie . And in `` Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore '' ? There 's a lot of truth and humor.This was Scorsese 's first studio picture ; it was a hit , and Ellen Burstyn got the Oscar for Best Actress . -LRB- InEngland , the movie won Best Picture , Best Actress , BestSupporting Actress , Best Newcomer , and Best Screenplay , but -- inexplicably -- not Best Director -RRB- . The movie was sopopular in America that CBS made a series out of it , andthe series ran for nine full years -- the second longesthit series ever made from a feature film -LRB- next to MASH -RRB- . I notice that some of the people who have visited thissite have downed the movie , but I also notice that theone who downed it most did n't even know how to spellthe director 's name correctly . -LRB- It 's Scorsese -RRB- . Anyway , time will tell . This heartfelt , true little movie willwork its way very close to the top of Scorsese 's ouevre.It 's hilariously funny and also touching and , at times , harrowing . A well directed , well acted , well writtenmovie . What a rarity . Watch it and enjoy it .
 I love this movie and could n't find it anywhere . Love it . Highly recommend watching it if you have n't seen it before .
 A old movie but really nice movie would recommend to others . I told a few ppl about it would watch again .
 Saw this movie years ago and love Ellen as an actress in everything since . The movie was great .
 Ever since I got a DVD player , a number of years ago , the one movie title , I have been looking in vain for , is the wonderful , 1974 comedy/drama , `` Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore '' . Now , with the recent treasure trove of DVD releases of Director , Martin Scorsese 's Warner Brothers film output , the wait is finally over . The film takes place in the American South-West . Alice Hyatt -LRB- a brilliant Ellen Burstyn -RRB- is an unhappy housewife , trapped in a stale marriage with an angry man -LRB- Billy Green Bush -RRB- , who seems to have little interest in her . She spends her days cooking , cleaning and trying to keep her husband from `` killing '' Tommy -LRB- Alfred Lutter III -RRB- , their bratty , twelve year old child . Fate intervenes , when her husband suddenly dies in a truck accident . With little money in her pocket , the newly widowed , Alice and her son set out in a battered station wagon to Monterey , CA with hopes of renewing her past career as a lounge singer . During the course of the trip , we follow this mom across the West as she sings in bars , becomes a waitress in a lousy Tuscon , AZ diner and eventually finds true love with a ` too good to be true ' local rancher named David -LRB- Kris Kristofferson -RRB- . The movie is n't just about the physical journey that Alice takes . Instead the film looks at Alice 's emotional journey of self discovery as a women & human being . She learns , that she is more than just a housewife , who needs to be taken care of . She has hopes & dreams and can stand on her own two feet to try to achieve them . Now , normally , when one thinks of films about `` women 's issues '' , Martin Scorsese 's name does not pop up . This is the director , who became famous for films about ` wiseguys ' , prize fighters and psychotic taxi cab drivers . But `` Alice '' proved that Scorsese is one of America 's premiere film makers , who can master any genre . Just watch the scene , where the recently widowed , Alice sits at her home piano and plays Rogers & Hart 's `` Where or When '' . Scorsese 's camera slowly circles around her and we just get mesmerized by how lost she is in the music . The scene is so simple , yet so brilliant . The acting in the film is as good as you can get . Ellen Burstyn roundly deserves her 1974 Academy Award for ` Best Actress ' . She just runs through so many emotions and gives such a heart felt performance . Alfred Lutter III also gives a very funny and genuine performance as Tommy . You could practically look up the words `` bratty attention-starved kid '' in the dictionary and find his picture . The smaller roles are done well also . There are great performances from Diane Ladd as the saucey waitress , Flo and a really scarey bit of acting from Harvey Keitel as an abusive man , Alice has a short relationship with . Finally mention should be made of the movie 's wonderful soundtrack . It is made up of an eclectic mixture of classic popular standards , rock n ' roll and country , that not only lends atmosphere and ambience , but also comments on the scenes they are in . A good example is the film 's opening scenes , where we are treated to the highly stylized , rose colored memories of Alice 's childhood . Over the soundtrack we hear Alice Faye gently singing `` You 'll Never Know '' . Abruptly , the scene ends and we are jolted back to gritty , reality with the hard rock of Mott the Hoople 's `` All the way to Memphis . '' This is Scorese 's genuise at work ! This DVD is a must for any serious DVD collection . A very moving and entertaining film , that I highly recommend !
 Weird to think that Scorcese directed this . It 's astride his understandings but the direction is totally On . Alfred Lutter is amazing as Burstyn 's son , Jodie Foster plays a juvenile delinquent with flair , `` is it a ripple day ? '' This film was made decades ahead of ` Tumbleweeds ' and ` Anywhere But Here ' but plays through many of the same themes and issues ... -LRB- albeit more from the parent 's view than from the child 's -RRB- . Eccentric characters , real slice-of-pie diner life , there 's tons of truth to go around .
 Why is it that this movie was so praised ? Why did it spawn the long-running sitcom , `` ALICE '' ? Because the character of Alice Hyatt is so real , and people can really relate with her . This film is about aspiring singer , Alice Hyatt and her smart-alecky son Tommy , on the road for Monterrey . Alice 's husband -LRB- Tommy 's father -RRB- died in a trucking accident and now they are going to her old home town . Along the way she need to get a job , so she gets a waitressing job at Mel 's diner , in Pheonix . She then starts a romance with a customer , but she must make a choice . Either stay here with him , or go on and become a singer in her town . She decides to stay with her waitressing job , and learns something that not alot of people learn
 Trippy red house interior , irrascible son Tommy is always listening to Mott The Hoople . `` Socorro sucks ! '' `` Life is short . '' `` So are you . '' `` I will get a job , write your problems '' speech . `` I hardly recognise him with his mouth closed . '' `` So long , suckers , '' by Jodie Foster . Wine clothes in bag . `` You look like you 've been enbalmed . '' Marty put `` shoot the dog '' joke into the movie because Alfred Lutter , who played Tommy , would n't shut up about the joke . Kris and Alfred were on film for the first time.A wonderful film , directed with hardly any menace by Martin Scorsese , featuring the lovable Ellen Burstyn , whose unlovable husband dies suddenly , and she leaves town without a penny to start a new life with her 11-year-old son as a singer , a career she was developing when she met her macho husband . Alice seems to be attracted to dominant psychopaths , and she soon meets another in Harvey Keitel , who has another great role to play as a slacking worm/monster/bully / freak-o . Wow ! Alice moves on once again and meets Kris Kristofferson , who we all just have to love . The movie ends here , although it tries half-heartedly to keep the drama alive . The characters are lovable in Mel 's diner , with the psychotic weirdo played by Laura Dern , and a hopeless bumbler , played by ... I do n't know ... with her Big Daddy , the motorcycle uncle.Burstyn won the academy award for best actress in this film , but had a hard life with her schizophrenic husband . She also played Jared Leto 's mother in Requiem For A Dream .
 Ellen Burstyn 's Oscar winning and luminous portrayal of the title character made this stunning blockbuster the inspiration for the inexplicably successful TV series ALICE . All the supporting cast , especially Kristofferson , Ladd , Keitel & Lutter , are wonderful as is the sensitive direction of the young Martin Scorcese . A thoroughly captivating look at the struggle of a `` typical '' 1970s woman.Unfortunately the commentary track of the Bonus Features is sorely lacking . Interjections by Burstyn , Kristofferson and Scorcese do n't always synch with what 's on the screen . And for some strange reason , it only includes selected scenes and not the entire film ... under 55 minutes ! Could they not have made some more conversation !? Hard to believe , especially when talented Diane `` Flo '' Ladd pitches in with her verbose and interesting anecdotes and insights . Warner Brothers should have just had HER do the commentary for the entire film . It looks like the studio rushed this one out and got lazy in putting together the bonus features.Regardless , ALICE DOES N'T LIVE HERE ANYMORE is a great DVD to add to your library .
 If you have n't watched The Glades your missing out on a great summer time show ! I received Season 2 promptly and have enjoyed watching without commercials !!
 How is it that there can be so many police shows on T.V. , and yet every fall new cop shows get aired and every spring some of those shows get renewed ? Do you ever wonder if there is just that much crime to go around ? We 've looked at cops as rookies and veterans , beat cops and detectives , homicide , vice , forensics and Internal Affairs . The police have operated in the cities and country , north and south , east and west . We 've visited the past , gone to the future , and even been protected by mythical creatures . In my opinion , it 's the characters that are well developed , quirky , and a group dynamic that evolves , changes , but never becomes dull . The Glades seems to fit the criteria.Last season we learned that Jim Longworth -LRB- Matt Passmore - Masterwork -RRB- is a Chicago detective who moved to Florida after his captain shot him in the backside . Callie Cargill -LRB- Kiele Sanchez - 30 Days of Night
 I just recently started watching this show , the dvr recorded it accidentally then I was hooked . Rented all the back episodes from the video store to catch up . Longworth is a great detective and his Cuban coroner is the comedy.Defineately a must watch .
 I REALLY LIKE THIS PROGRAM AND CA N'T WAIT TILL IT COMES BACK ON THE AIR . DID I READ RIGHT IT WO N'T BE BACK UNTIL NEXT JUNE ?
 If you like crime procedurals , this is a very good series . Matt Passmore plays Jim Longworth , a cocky detective but very likable too .
 There 's no doubt ` The Glades ' compares to ` Midsomer Murders . ' Skilled copper , multiple crimes , additional plots , romantic moments , and comedy also in the mix . The Glades takes place in Palm Glades , a fictitious small town Florida -LRB- somewhere near the Everglades -RRB- , while Midsomer is rural English villages . Glades storylines take into account Florida history , out-of-the-way settings , habitats , politics , animal life , ethnic diversity , and of courts FL-style murder . Also expect many bathing beauties -- it 's Florida . Like Midsomer , Glade makes use of MANY guest stars , too numerous to mention . Includes contemporary music worked into the story . Murder solving is by the episode but other relationship plots are ongoing from the beginning pilot in Season 1 through this set of stories.Returning
 There 's no doubt ` The Glades ' compares to ` Midsomer Murders . ' Skilled copper , multiple crimes , additional plots , romantic moments , and comedy also in the mix . The Glades takes place in Palm Glades , a fictitious small town Florida -LRB- somewhere near the Everglades -RRB- , while Midsomer is rural English villages . Glades storylines take into account Florida history , out-of-the-way settings , habitats , politics , animal life , ethnic diversity , and of courts FL-style murder . Also expect many bathing beauties -- it 's Florida . Like Midsomer , Glade makes use of MANY guest stars , too numerous to mention . Includes contemporary music worked into the story . Murder solving is by the episode but other relationship plots are ongoing from the beginning pilot in Season 1 through this set of stories.Returning
 I have not yet received this DVD set , yet . But , I love this show and a looking forward to seeing it again , along with The Glades season one .
 love Matt Passmore and Kiele Sanchez . I think their love affair is intriguing also Matt is a pretty good detective and there are some very good story lines . I just love everything about the show and I hope it continues for quite a while yet .
 This is a great,well-written series . It is mostly character driven . The stories are based more on actual `` detecting '' and interviewing , etc. rather than on forensics . The characters are fun and interesting . They are also fairly complex and realistic and the chemistry between them is great . I 've watched both seasons and am looking forward to the third .
 I like the fact that Callie came back to him , they have a love chemistry going on . I am waiting for Season 3 now I am so excited to watch it
 There 's no doubt ` The Glades ' compares to ` Midsomer Murders . ' Skilled copper , multiple crimes , additional plots , romantic moments , and comedy also in the mix . The Glades takes place in Palm Glades , a fictitious small town Florida -LRB- somewhere near the Everglades -RRB- , while Midsomer is rural English villages . Glades storylines take into account Florida history , out-of-the-way settings , habitats , politics , animal life , ethnic diversity , and of courts FL-style murder . Also expect many bathing beauties -- it 's Florida . Like Midsomer , Glade makes use of MANY guest stars , too numerous to mention . Includes contemporary music worked into the story . Murder solving is by the episode but other relationship plots are ongoing from the beginning pilot in Season 1 through this set of stories.Returning
 After waiting an annoying number of months , we finally get to find out where things stand between Longworth & Callie
 This not a great cop series but the cast is well put together . Everyone is likeable.You can be sure someone will find a ` body ' or ` body parts ` at the beginning of each episode.The lead Jim Longworth is probably the kind of guy many of us would like to be and the kind of guy many women want . Part of his charm is wry wit and subtle sarcasm . What 's not to like.Everyone in this series is somewhat vulnerable . Perhaps we sense that and for that reason we relate to this series . They do MINUTIA in a way that many of us can relate to ... ie when his girlfriend tells Longworth 's character about her day at the hospital and about a female Dr. that is giving her a rough time.This is not a gritty series and is suitable for most family viewing IMO.It has most of the elements of a decent series ... drama ... humour ... romance .
 Just needed to have the story line up to the next season . Love the series!Looking forward to the next season and what will be her answer .
 I really like this show . I like cop/detective shows -LRB- CSI NY , NCIS , JAG , etc. -RRB- . This is on the lighter side and I really like the character developments .
 I love this series and ca n't wait for Season 3 to be available . I think that having an Australian at the helm is unreal .
 The dvd arrived quickly . This is another series that I collect . I was pleased with the dvd and the service .
 The Glades Season 2 is a great show . comes on a little later so was glad to find it on dvd . and your service is great .
 What 's not to like about an Aussie actor that can play a cynical Chicagoan , and be believable in the role ? Now that 's acting ! Granted , it 's not a heavy drama , but it is amusing and I just keep watching it .
 Would recommend to my friends . I am a Glades fan . Ca n't wait until Season 3 comes out on DVD . Enjoyed all episodes
 We got this as a recommendation from Netflix and decided to watch it . We watched both seasons and loved it and decided to buy it -LRB- both Season 1 and Season 2 -RRB- . If you like Bones , Castle , and other CSI type shows you will probably like it . Cant wait to watch the 3rd season when it starts back up .
 loved the show and this way I was able to catch up on what I had missed . It is one of the better detective shows out there . And yes girls there is some soap opera type under pining to interest you too .
 This show has characters that are interesting and fun and the group has interesting adventures while solving crimes . Good for light , mystery buffs .
 The second DVD in the series . A hit on A&E tv . It 's a do n't miss show for me . Added to my collection .
 I had wondered what was going to happen in season two regarding the husband coming home and the ex turning up . I was pleased to seethat they covered well without going to cliche . Well worth the buy
 i could ` nt wait for this i watched season1 followed by season 2 , & am now -LRB- yes i watched it on tv -RRB- waiting for season 3 on dvd ...
 it was a good episode . It had a good ending ...
 I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS SHOW ! I love crime shows , and this by far is one of my favorites . The characters are witty and intelligent . My only complaint is there are n't enough episodes !
 Great video quality and ease of access through Kindle Fire . I wish a video stream were capable without needing an internet connection . It is not as practical as reading a book on my regular Kindle , but I sure enjoy it
 The DVD was fantastic ... not just the fact it is one of my favorite series , but the quality of the dvd and speed and ease in which I received it was awesome !! I actually got it a couple days sooner then expected ! Bonus !!
 Out of nowhere it seems that many cable channels are coming alive with some of the best television shows on the air . I 've found myself captivated by shows like WHITE COLLAR , BURN NOTICE and COVERT AFFAIRS while passing over many network shows . The reason is that these shows are smart , well written and entertaining . That holds true with the A&E ; series THE GLADES.Season one of THE GLADES introduced us to the main characters , who they were and how they ticked . The show focuses Jim Longworth -LRB- Matt Passmore -RRB- , a Chicago detective who made a mistake and was forced out of town . Longworth now works in a small Florida town for the State Police in their homicide division . His methods are unusual to say the least but his record is tops.Side characters in the series include Carlos Gomez as Carlos Sanchez , the local coroner and friend of Longworth , Michelle Hurd as Colleen Manus the head of the local division and Jordan Wall as Daniel Green , Carlos assistant and resident nerd . But there is an additional main character as well in Callie Cargill -LRB- Kiele Sanchez -RRB- , a local nurse and single mother who finds a mutual attraction to Longworth that begins in season one and continues to develop in season two.While solving a weekly murder is the main focus of the series , the relationship between Jim and Callie is of equal importance . In season one we found out that Callie is still married but that her husband is in prison . She wants to divorce him but has held off until his release . With season two he gets an early release and now Callie must decide what to do
 Great series !! James Longworth is a homocide detective who just likes to do things his own way . Great story line for all adults and teens . Bit of romance which is always good for the lady 's : -RRB-
 There 's no doubt ` The Glades ' compares to ` Midsomer Murders . ' Skilled copper , multiple crimes , additional plots , romantic moments , and comedy also in the mix . The Glades takes place in Palm Glades , a fictitious small town Florida -LRB- somewhere near the Everglades -RRB- , while Midsomer is rural English villages . Glades storylines take into account Florida history , out-of-the-way settings , habitats , politics , animal life , ethnic diversity , and of courts FL-style murder . Also expect many bathing beauties -- it 's Florida . Like Midsomer , Glade makes use of MANY guest stars , too numerous to mention . Includes contemporary music worked into the story . Murder solving is by the episode but other relationship plots are ongoing from the beginning pilot in Season 1 through this set of stories.Returning
 So neat to have a cop show with a twist . The Glades is such a great show . I saw one episode on TV one night when i was on a trip . Came straight home and logged on to AMAZON to hunt for the show . Downloaded both seasons and it has become the new favorite at my house . My wife and teenage son and I have watched one episode every night and now we are waiting for Season 3 !! Love this show and love Amazon . Awesome .
 Anyone interested in a very good cop series will be hooked after at most two episodes . Watched both seasons in under a week . Good stories , good actors ... a pleasure .
 By Jim Clark , publisher , Lee County Courier , Tupelo , MSI think it 's the lead characters that endear The Glades to viewers rather than the cases.I 'll try to explain.Det . Jim Longworth -LRB- Matt Passmore -RRB- a Chicago detective , who took his payout after being falsely accused of sleeping with his captain 's wife . Looking for a less hectic law enforcement job he lands at the Florida Department of Law Enforcement -LRB- FDLE -RRB- in the make-believe town of Palm Glade , Florida.He meets , and becomes infatuated with Callie Cargill -LRB- Kiele Sanchez -RRB- . She is married . Her husband , Ray , is in prison , but she plans to wait on him to return , reformed and ready to start over with her and her 13-year-old son , Jeff . It 's the chemistry between these two characters which keeps The Glades fresh and interesting . It reminds me of the relationship between Dr. Temperance `` Bones '' Brennan -LRB- Emily Deschanel -RRB- and FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth -LRB- David Boreanaz -RRB- on Bones.By the start of Season 2 , Callie has decided to divorce Ray , who has just been released . The problem is Ray does appear to have reformed . He asks her for three months to prove himself and re-bond with her son . She decides to trust him , and give him the time with Jeff , but keeps any of his romantic advances at bay.Jim 's former partner and lover from Chicago , Detective Samanatha Harper -LRB- Natalia Cigliuti -RRB- comes to Florida , putting a little peg between Jim and Callie . I understand there was a fan war on who Jim should pick . Ultimately , the writers always win.The Glades debuted with 3.6 million viewers , breaking A&E ; 's records for most-watched and highest-rated original drama series telecast ever according to Nielsen Fast Nationals numbers .
 The Glades is a fun take on murder . Yes ! murder should not be fun , but Jim has a way of bringing a little humor into the situation . DVD was a gift to get another family member hooked .
 This is a great show . One of my favorites !! It 's funny and unique . And he is one sexy man !!! All in all a great show . I recommend it to everyone that likes a good mystery mixed with a little romance mixed with comedy !
 There 's no doubt ` The Glades ' compares to ` Midsomer Murders . ' Skilled copper , multiple crimes , additional plots , romantic moments , and comedy also in the mix . The Glades takes place in Palm Glades , a fictitious small town Florida -LRB- somewhere near the Everglades -RRB- , while Midsomer is rural English villages . Glades storylines take into account Florida history , out-of-the-way settings , habitats , politics , animal life , ethnic diversity , and of courts FL-style murder . Also expect many bathing beauties -- it 's Florida . Like Midsomer , Glade makes use of MANY guest stars , too numerous to mention . Includes contemporary music worked into the story . Murder solving is by the episode but other relationship plots are ongoing from the beginning pilot in Season 1 through this set of stories.Returning
 This season was AMAZING . I love this show and I recommend this to anyone who likes to be thoroughly entertained . You wo n't be disappointed . The characters are great and I love Jim . Its just a great show .
 I 'm a big fan of show , both Seasons 1 and 2 and watch each episode as they aired on A&E . I love the show and wanted to have the DVD of both Seasons 1 and 2 , to watch at my leisure .
 Love watching this show it is the best tv serise i have watched in a long time i like the story lines and the people that play in it
 I found it very fun to watch some good humor in it . The main characters made me giggle . I was definitely ready to watch season three .
 I enjoy this series and it 's nice to review and rerun them from time to time . Even when the satillite goes out always got my DVD 's
 Great series , the main lead Matt Passmore is perfect to play the role of Jim Longworth who is different to the normal cops you see on TV . The humour makes it different and the chemistry between all the characters is there to see.I am an Aussie and watched Matt Passmore in one of my favourite Australian series McLeod 's Daughters and its so good to see him doing well in the US
 This is a bit like a soap opera but the detective stuff offsets the soap effectively that it is enjoyable .
 I enjoy this show . It 's low key , the characters have good chemistry , the stories are entertaining and not obvious . It 's fun to watch Mr. Passmore speak with an American accent . All this time I thought that everyone else had an accent .
 I love , love , love this show . And not just because it is produced in Florida where I reside . The first show ever that I know where all the places and streets are at that they are talking about so it makes it more real . Do n't like Cali 's charater to much , she blames Jim for her downfalls and making him out to be the bad guy . It 's to bad Jim 's character is in love with her , he could do better . Ca n't wait for the next season to start .
 Solid season . Entertaining . Not as good as Season 1 or 3 , but still worthy . Some episodes were fantastic while others were ho-hum . Enjoying Season 3 even more .
 Our daughter , who just turned two in August , absolutely loves Sesame Street . When we bought her this movie we hoped it would keep her as involved and interested as the TV show and it has far exceeded our hopes . She has watched it over and over since the beginning of October , -LRB- along with her 9 year-old sister and 10 year-old brother if you can believe that ! -RRB- and she now not only sings some of the silly songs , but says some of the lines with the characters , too!It is very informative and yet it keeps her attention . Every time she sees the part about the apples and the cider mill , she asks for an apple to eat!I am now in the hunt for the perfect Sesame Street holiday show , -LRB- maybe Elmo 's World Happy Holidays ? -RRB- , so that the Halloween shows can be hidden away until next year .
 My 2-1/2 year old was unimpressed with this at first , but `` got '' the concept after a couple of viewings and now asks for it every day . He was so excited when we got to actual Halloween this year , because he understood the concept of costumes and jack-o-lanterns . The songs are n't as catchy as the ones on most Sesame Street videos , but the segments with the real children really keep his attention and Caroline Rhea 's mugging makes him giggle .
 The animation/computer graphics are very sharp and beautiful in this video and it is very colorful . It catches my 3 year old 's attention well . He loves Halloween and `` spooky '' stuff , so he loves this video . It 's not one of his all time favorites that he watches over and over , but he does enjoy it . I would recommend it highly . Great for a Halloween-time gift !
 As another reviewer said , every time my children watch this movie and the part about apples and the cider mill they ask for an apple to eat ! That is suggestive advertising at its best ! -LRB- : Elmo , Zoe and Telly are wondering what can they do on a crisp autumn day . And Mumford the Magician sure delivers!This is n't all about Elmo , or even Sesame Street . Takes viewers via hayride to a orchard , a farm at harvest time , a pumpkin patch with pumpkin carving and various halloween parties . A great tool to teach toddlers and kids about fall activities.My kids would request , sit and watch non-stop from around 18 months ... and at 8 are still sitting down to watch it.And the best part is 100 + views I can still enjoy parts myself .
 My 2 year old loves this DVD . At Halloweentime or anytime of the year ! It has great songs and scenes .
 My twin grand daughters love Sesame Street - anything Sesame Street - and they have quite a collection . I was very happy they did not have this one and come to find out it quickly became their favorite . They wanted to watch it over and over again to the chagrin of my daughter-in-law . She can not get them to watch any other . Definitely worth the price .
 This is a great Sesame St. show ! My kids like the ones where there is an actual storyline as opposed to the show itself that goes from skit to skit . This one is very cute and they watch it year round .
 This is a cute dvd and talks about how monsters do n't have to be scary which is great . Has clips of costume ideas , pumpkin carving , hayride and apple farm . Have had it since my daughter was 2 and we still watch it yr . round 3 yrs . later .
 My 2 yo is a sesame street fanatic , so this dvd was a no-brainer , but my 18 mos-old nephew loves it too and he does not like to sit still for many shows.The nice thing about this dvd as opposed to Elmo Says Boo -LRB- which is also great -RRB- is that it is an hour long as opposed to 1/2 hr .
 This is the first DVD my 18 month old insisted I play over and over ! The songs are catchy and fun . I really enjoyed this DVD as well . Really great SS episode . Catherine Rhea is great as the main character .
 I have n't seen the quality of the video . I hope it 's to my satisfaction .
 i have n't seen this since around 2007 ! i was so excited to find it on here for such a reasonable price . i knew i had to have it . my fiance and his best friend , who are huge movie buffs , were surprised by how good it was . i would definitely recommend this movie for a good ` wtf ' laugh lol .
 My movie came on time , it was just as described , and with no damage . I am very pleased with my product .
 its a stupid funny movie , love those kinds , we bought it so we could bring it over to a friends so he could see it and love it too
 original movie and yes it is soooo funny.if you liked napolean dynamite you will love this movie so i reccommend you go ahead and get it .
 My family loves movies in the Napoleon Dynamite genre so we gave this one a whirl . It had `` Uncle Rico '' -LRB- John Gries -RRB- from Napoleon who plays a local policeman in this movie . Jeremy Coon who produced some Napoleon family tree movies was also on board . So it did have some of the same touches . But the pacing at times was boring and the humor fell flat when it was so close to brilliant . The characters are classic and the story line is set up for side splitting experiences . But somehow the director does n't seem to know how to pull it off . The actors are perfect and the costumes are spot-on . I recommend one viewing of this movie for the purpose of experiencing this world . But its just not that funny , and I am a lifelong champion of this type of humor . I am genuinely sad this attempt failed because it had so much going for it .
 This movie is a lot like Napoleon Dynamite , so if your did n't like that movie , you might not like this one . I , however , thought this was a very cute movie . Clean and family-friendly . 5 stars !
 This movie is just ridiculously funny . It flows through . The characters are awesome . Its nerdy cool . If you like napoleon you 'll like this .
 If you are into cult classic flicks for indless humor this is it ! The vendor was timely and there were no issues with the DVD .
 This movie is one of my favs ! I could n't find it anywhere until I looked on amazon :-RRB- great quality and fast shipping thanks will do business again .
 This film is hilarious ! I think its better than Napoleon Dynamite ... the script writers are to be commended for creating interesting situations using mullets and foam weapons instead of sex or extreme violence . The overall nerdiness of the film was a plus ... funny stuff ! `` Now I 'm the one that looks like the cue-hole ! ''
 caught this one on tv one day & just cracked up.justin long is great in this!a good movie for geeks , and people who like dumb humor .
 It came fast so I could show my friends and family this funny *** movie
 If you have a good sense of humor you will love this movie . It 's one of those movies that makes me laugh when I think of some of the lines that jump out innocently throughout the film . A feel good funny movie .
 Do not listen to the idiots who said bad things on this film . Everyone I have shown it to loved it . Notice that Kevin Spacey had a hand in it as well , so that says alot !
 Really funny film with a quick wit and great performances !! If you liked Napolean Dynamite , you 'll love this one !
 I initially saw this movie on showtime and thought it was hilarious!So I made my sister watch it to see if she liked it as much as I did , then we made my husband watch it too . All three of us thought the movie was great so I bought it . I love Jeremy Long and am glad that he broadened his horizons in this ridiculous movie .
 This delightfully offbeat story concerns a group of teenaged fantasy-obsessed outcasts who spend their time sparring with giant foam weapons and watching `` Clash of the Titans '' and `` The Crow '' . When the main character 's neighbor , Zerk -LRB- Justin Long , in what may be his best role yet as the quintessential ` townie ' -RRB- needs money to pay off a credit card he used 6 years ago for $ 5.17 and never paid back , he decides to stage a Bigfoot sighting , complete with a giant `` Sasquatch Dumpling '' . When the outcasts stumble -LRB- literally -RRB- upon the spoor , they alert the media and suffer the effects of jealousy and first loves . Do n't expect a lot of depth or even plot , but do expect enough unusual characters and one-liners to keep you entertained . Joey Kern is quite good as the character , Shirts , who is a dead ringer for Mike from `` American Movie '' .
 This is a remarkably quotable movie.It has some surprisingly noted actors , and some very awkward scenes.This movie has very awkward humor , and is much funnier if you know any LARPers.My favorite character is Shirts.The humor -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- falls right between Napoleon Dynamite and Hot Rod .
 This is a great movie . I have seen it many times and it never seems to get old . It has plenty of humor in it . I would recommend it to my friends .
 This is a great weird , off beat movie . Carl Weathers , Justin Long , John Heder and some other familiar faces . I think this movie is better than Napolean Dynamite . The story angles are unique and Hubbel Palmer does a great job as does Rob Pinkston from `` Punkd '' fame . Get it now !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 It 's really a pretty simple formula , if you likedNapoleon DynamiteandHot Rodthen you will probably like this movie . It is completely different in many ways but relies on the humor of pathetic characters who seem to be a lot like you , only more pathetic . Add in a very creative timeline gimmick and the whole movie is a lot of fun . In fact , I would recommend getting all three of these movies and watching them together .
 This movie has the same quirky humor as Napoleon Dynamite but is twice as funny . The story revolves around some nerdy kids , a couple of jobless young adults , one who never wears a shirt and the other who needs to get a lot of money and fast , and Sasquatch . It is easily one of the most hilarious movies I 've ever seen . I highly recommend it .
 The Sasquatch Gang is one of the best movies I 've seen in my entire life . Its so good that I watched it 5 times in one day ... its one of those movies that you can just watch repeatedly and never get tired of . Give it a chance ! Its hilarious !
 `` Sasquatch Gang '' has vital elements that must put it topmost , not only on children 's and teen 's lists , but those of other afficionados too . The film , while comprised mainly of teen slapstick , is incredibly funny but in an innocent way . The characters -- including the adults -- have an innocence that is refreshing.I was struck by the almost timeless quality of the film . It takes place in the fictional Clackanoma County -LRB- a ribbing of Portland , Oregon 's Clackamah County where the film was shot -RRB- . It is an innocent world of VHS tapes copied right off the tv , `` nickel-cades '' with `` Tron '' - era video games , and no swearing.There is absolutely no swearing
 This movie was recommended to me by a friend , who said it was one of the funniest films he 's ever seen . I 'm always a little sceptical when people tell me this , as I 've been tricked into watching really lame movies many times . This one , however , definitely lived up to my friend 's description . I was expecting something similar to Napoleon Dynamite when I put it on , which is essentially what I got . But I believe this film is even better.The actors all have brilliant comedic delivery -LRB- especially Justin Long as the character Zerk and his friend Shirts -RRB- and the plot is interesting and unique -LRB- something unusual for a comedy -RRB- . It depicts `` nerds '' and `` losers '' in a funny and sort of affectionate way . It 's really refreshing to see something like this , when all other comedies out there are either terrible teen flicks or the dreaded `` romantic comedy '' genre.I 've already watched it four times since I bought it , which , for me , is always a sign of a good movie . I think this would appeal to just about anyone , kids and adults alike . Definitely check it out !
 Every so often you come across a film that completely takes you by surprise ! ` The Sasquatch Gang ' is just such a film ! While watching this film I could not help but think of ` Napoleon Dynamite ' . It 's got that kind of quirky charm and several cast members from `` Napoleon '' are in this film in small roles or cameos . This is definitely a winner and should not be overlooked ! I caught this on a HD cable channel , so I 'm not sure of any of the DVD features or quality .
 This is one of those films that you really do n't know what to expect . No surprise since it 's the creation of the Napoleon Dynamite crew , this is a really quirky , laugh-out-loud funny movie . I enjoyed it immensely . It has several really unique and funny characters including Justin Long as the mulletted freak . Also his friend `` Shirt '' is really funny in his line delivery . I like the way they showed the sword fighting and just the overall sense of a quirky world .
 Ran across this movie on Netflix one Saturday morning , and saw that it was by the same guys that did Napoleon Dynamite , so I thought I would give it a try . I 'm glad I did ! It has turned out to be one of the funniest movies I 've ever watched , with tons of lines that will get stuck in your head for days ! What I also loved about the movie was how clean and innocent it was overall , with no swearing or sexual content whatsoever , but it still managed to be incredibly entertaining . Just goes to show you that you can still make folks laugh using good wit without going south as Transformers 2 did . `` Zerk and Shirts '' really steal the show , and truly made the movie for me !
 Please please PLEASE give it a chance and at least rent it somewhere . Plenty of good actors and the story line is great . I think it 's something that you have to open up your sense of humor to appreciate , but it 's definitely worth it.I purchased it before I had seen it , and I do NOT regret . :-RRB- `` Whatever you guys do n't know anything . That guy does n't even have a shirt on ! '' `` Yeah well I 'm rubber you 're glue . Whatever you say says ... and bounces . `` Truly hilarious in a stupid way .
 This is a charming little film that will appeal to all ages.It centers around a small group of friends somewhere in a small town who would be characterized as `` misfits '' . They are bullied by the neighbor across the street and some local kids as well . It 's a comedy but it has such a warm and tender ingredient to it that it pulls you right in . You can really identify with these kids and the cool thing about this is that it is simply kids being kids . It explores the world of adolescence and brings you back to when you were in that age . It contains some very funny moments as well as some touching scenes as well.It reminds me of one of those ABC Afterschool Specials in the 1970 's as it touches on so many subjects . I really recommend this film , it will charm the socks off of you .
 I stumbled across this movie last night and at first was n't sure if it was stupid or genius . I soon found myself laughing out loud and could n't take my eyes away . This is one of the funniest movies I 've seen . Brilliant .
 If you thought Napoleon Dynamite was dump or stupid and not funny at all then you will not like this . It is similar in a way to that type of humor . I laughed a lot during this movie.It 's about these 3 nerd guys who LARPing and into things like that and the main one of them likes this girl who works at a video store and they do things together . Then this redneck bully Zeek , Justin Long , picks on Gavin , the main nerd . So Zeek has a mullet and cut off t-shirt and hangs out with a shirtless friend who has a big gulp in his hand always.The movie is shot from different POV 's so you may see the same scene twice but from different POV 's and different stories too . You have Gavin and his story . The girl and hers . Then Zeek and his.Zeek wants to make money so tries to make fake Sasquatch poo and foot prints.The Girl works at the movie store and thinks she is fat so she wires her mouth shut.Gavin the cool nerd has his story.Highly recommended if you laughed a lot in Napoleon Dynamite . Definitely need that humor for this .
 This is a great movie . Very similar to Napolean Dynomite , but better I think . If you want a quirky comedy , pick this one .
 i love hammers dracula series and this one dose n't let you down . once more christopher lee turns in a great job as the count . this one is a must have . sit back and enjoy the goose bumps , and watch what you drink
 I find with each repeated viewing of Hammer Studios fifth entry in their Vampire cycle of films , `` Taste the Blood of Dracula '' , that there are new things to appreciate about this very polished production . While not rivalling in quality the studios masterpiece in 1958 's `` Horror of Dracula '' , this film contains an interesting story and high production values . Marking Christopher Lee 's fourth turn in what is undoubtedly his most famous role as Count Dracula , here he does admittedly take second place in the story of three dissolute aristocrats of the Victorian era who take their quest for new and rarer thrills in their jaded existences a little too far . The few scenes that Christopher Lee does have as Dracula however reveal Lee as the totally magnetic character he became as the infamous Count who did n't need alot of screen time to really make a memorable impression . `` Taste the Blood of Dracula '' , begins with a stately coach driving through a quickly darkening forest . A travelling saleman is roughly thrown out of the moving vehicle with his luggage and after coming back into consiousness realises he is totally lost in the darkness . Hearign a strange scream in the distance he goes to investigate only to see the final dreadful moments of an unknown man 's life as he struggles with a metal cross that has piereced right through him . The man dies and his body completely disappears and on approaching the blood soaked cross the man discovers that the `` victim '' , was none other than Count Dracula -LRB- Christopher Lee -RRB- , and sensing there might be some money to make he collects up what remains which includes his scarlet lined cloak , clasp , signet ring and some of Dracula 's blood which he puts in a cylinder . The story cuts to fashionable Victorian London where we are introduced to three supposedly respectable gentlemen of good name William Hargood -LRB- Geoffrey Watford -RRB- , Samuel Paxton -LRB- Peter Sallis -RRB- , and Jonathan Secker -LRB- John Carson -RRB- , who are bored with their priveledged lifestyles and under the guise of involving themselves in city charities indulge themselves in the cities seemier side of life . At one of these gatherings at a secluded Bordello they are introduced to the arrogant young Lord Courtley -LRB- Ralph Bates -RRB- , who promises them the untimate sensation if they will accompany him to a strange little shop and make a purchase . What that purchase ends up being are the last remains of Count Dracula and at an arranged time Lord Courtley with the assistance of the very nervous men then attempts to resurrect the Count at an old abandoned Church in an isolated part of the country . With black Candles burning Lord Courtley attempts to force the men to drink a mixture of his blood and the powered blood of Dracula and when they refuse in disgust Courtley drinks it himself and goes immediately into a deranged seizure whereupon the frightened men kick him to death and then flee . However their fears are not over as Lord Courtley is the disciple of Dracula and over his dead body Count Dracula is reborn and sets out on a murderous killing spree against the three men for killing his follower . Dracula gets Hargood 's daughter Alice -LRB- Linda Hayden -RRB- , under his power by a form of hypnosis , and then gets her to kill her father with a spade and he also turns Paxton 's daughter Lucy -LRB- Isla Blair -RRB- , into a vampire and in an horrific scene in the ruined church allows her to drive a stake through her father 's heart . As the body count continues the murders are investigated by a baffled Inspector Cobb -LRB- Michael Ripper -RRB- , with the help of a frantic Paul Paxton -LRB- Anthony Higgins -RRB- , who is the friend of the missing Lucys . Dracula claims his last victim when he gets Lucy to turn her fiancee Jeremy Secker -LRB- Martin Jarvis -RRB- , in a vampire and he then kills his own father with a knife thus enabling Dracula to remove the entire group of men who destroyed his disciple . Paul however finds a letter from his father which explains that Count Dracula is behind the carnage and must be destroyed and collecting up all the essential tools for disposing of vampires he travels to the ruined church and removes all the symbols of the black mass replacing them with religious trapping that drive Dracula into a frenzy . Winning a dazed Alice back to his side Paul then pursues Dracula with crucifixes until overwhelmed by all the religious imagery around him Dracula falls from the rafters onto the holy altar of the church , now uncovered , and disintergrates into dust.The common complaint about `` Taste the Blood of Dracula '' , would have to be the very sidelined role that Dracula takes in the general proceedings . The twist here of Dracula actually having his followers to carry out his revenge is an interesting variation on the usual story and certainly having seemingly angelic young girls such as Linda Hayden and Isla Blair carrying out extremely vicious murders on their own fathers does give this entry in Hammer 's vampire cycle quite a shocking effect . Despite his limited screen time Christopher Lee once again , as in his previous outings as the Count manages to create a memorable impression and is still the absolute personification of what Count Dracula should be , suave , quite regal , but also extremely deadly . Hammer studios were famed for their opulent , richly coloured horror tales and my recent screening of this effort impressed me with its plushness and great attention to period detail . The scenes of Victorian London swirling with mist , lit by gaslight , and displaying the poverty and opulence of this period as is so vividly described in the Dicken 's novels for example , really makes for a most atmospheric production here . Hammer 's speciality always seemed to be eerie Gothic churches in a semi ruined state that is very well served in this entry by the superb church set which is pivotal to alot of the action in `` Taste the Blood of Dracula '' , and has that wonderful musty and chilly feel to it that makes it one of the studios best . All supporting performances are definately up to scratch with Linda Hayden in particular as the innocent looking young girl who becomes Dracula 's servant a real standout . Hayden had a special skill in playing innocent young girls who hold deadly secrets as was best seen in `` The Blood on Satan 's Claw '' , that same year and here she is given plenty of screen time to make a real impression . The three actors playing the doomed men are also interesting and their earlier scenes where they are the pillars of their own respectable communities but are secretly visiting the bordellos of London seeking new and rare sensations are first class and show up the double standards of these upper class London gentlemen . Their characters are all very different and how they react to Dracula 's pursuit of them is most interesting in keeping the story fresh . Hammer veteran Michael Ripper also brings his usual professional performance to the role of the inspector and his presence in almost any story produced by Hammer became almost a trademark that the viewer grew to expect . While some viewers might object to the quite brutal and graphic murders that take place it really was in line with Hammer 's new policy in the early seventies of showing more graphic murders along with their more frequent use of nudity . That would be in more evidence in their next film in the vampire cycle `` Scars of Dracula '' , later this same year but the change is already evident in this film as well.For vampire purists the main criticism levelled at these later Hammer efforts such as `` Taste the Blood of Dracula '' , would be that they have very little to do with Bram Stoker 's original character . While that is certainly true Hammer 's original screenplays for each of their efforts always managed to produce something of interest and certainly this film as stated takes an interesting slant with Dracula 's revenge strategy . Combined with a beautiful period based production blessed with high production values , excellent costumes , and great photography it makes a highly entertaining horror story that should most definately be included in any Hammer Vampire film lovers collection . Christopher Lee in his most famous role as Count Dracula is always worth a look and I recommend `` Taste the Blood of Dracula '' , to all lovers of the atmospheric , old fashioned horror stories that were Hammer Studios speciality .
 The sequences when the dealer awake in the forest under a deep dark night and hear sharp screams of pain , are disturbing . The convincing acting of Ralph Bates is great.I like the love story between Alice and Paul accompanied by the romantic score of James Bernard . I enjoy the scene when they arrive from the ball by night and talk and dream together in front the fountain of her garden . I like the fine shots of the landscapes in autumm .
 This film is one of the best entries in Hammer 's Dracula series . This despite the fact that Christopher Lee is not given a whole lot to do as Dracula . However , the acting -LRB- for the most part -RRB- , directing , cinematography , and dark storyline -LRB- which exposes the dark side of the wealthy elite and deals with the sins of the fathers being visited upon the children -RRB- all more than compensate for that injustice . The score is well done and thankfully not as bombastic as some of the other Dracula scores . Though the ending is a bit confusing -LRB- Perhaps this is the result of cuts made for the American version . I do n't really know . -RRB- , the film is certainly one of the better latter day Hammer films and a definite cut above such later entries as THE SATANIC RITES OF DRACULA and the beyond abysmal DRACULA A.D. 1972 . See this film .
 This is a very nice Dracula movie . Once you hit the PLAY button , you just ca n't stop watching it . I would rate it 5 stars if it had the same `` mood '' as in `` Dracula Has Risen From The Grave '' . I wish Christopher Lee had more screen time , though . Sexy `` neck-biting '' scenes for vampire fans .
 An excellent plot involving Satanism & our old friend the Count!I love the ending in this one where Dracula meets his demise against the backdrop of every holy relic available!Ralph Bates gives a solid performance as the disciple of Dracula.A lot of criticism has been given to this one due to the fact that Lee is not given enough to do.I think that this can be a strongpoint.Hammer was , possibly , looking for a different avenue and so they lessened his screen time on purpose to focus more attention to the satanic plot -LRB- also check out Satanic Rites of Dracula ! -RRB- . Music was good in this one too .
 The movie itself is quite good , but Christopher Lee 's lines are few and far between and are inane when they do occur . This is what made him appear on and off throughout the Dracula series , his objections to the ridiculous dialogue . Mr. Lee spoke no lines whatsoever in ` Dracula
 The Dracula cycles for Hammer Studios had it highs and lows . This is of the better ones . Lee sharpens his fangs and dons the cape yet again . Three gentlemen looking for lust and uncheap thrills accidentally conjure Drac . The men and their families meet horrible deaths at Drac 's hands before Lee meets his ends in imaginatively climatic scene . Directed by Peter Sasdy with the screenwriter Jon Elder -LRB- coming through after his other misses -RRB- , this is a one the fans of Lee will appreciate . Ralph Bates is good as the son of one of the men who brings Dracula to life . The Lack of Cushing , one again , hurts the film.If you are keeping track , this was the fourth in the series ... Horrors of Dracula -LRB- Lee - Cushing -RRB- , Brides of Dracula -LRB- no Lee -RRB- and Dracula Prince of Darkness -LRB- no Cushing -RRB- - came in that order before Taste of -LRB- no Cushing -RRB- ... A must for Lee fans and fans of the Hammer Dracula cycle .
 Reticent vampire . Cleavage . Dirty old men . It 's no wonder Christopher Lee had -LSB- some parts -RSB- removed -LRB- I did n't say surgically -RRB- for this roll . It 's funny that he did n't show up on Oscar night sporting fangs and a cape to accept his five awards , ... . Great flick . Pretentiously so .
 After we watch our lusty hero make love to every harlet in the Carpathians -LRB- including a reluctant cameraman -RRB- we fall into melancholy and succumb to the counts randy ways and winsome stares ... we are then raped repeatedly and cast aside like so much disgarded refuse throughout the films final 90 minutes as the fanged master commands us to drink the blood of those who are within reach while he looks on in excrusiating ecstacy . Then , at the unforgettable climax , the Dracster , for reasons unknown , becomes embroiled in a securities scam and loses his castle after he forgets to declare those pennies on his eyes . His final and immortal utterance as he masterfully removes his fangs from his own neck sets the stage for an impending sequal
 This is the fourth instalment in Hammer productions ' Dracula series . The storyline is quite unique in that it centers on a group of middle-aged businessmen who inadvertently cause the Count to be resurrected via an occult ritual conducted by a young nobleman , Courtley . They kill Courtley during the ritual , and leave in a hurry , not realising that by committing murder , they have not only caused Dracula to rise again , but awakened his anger . Dracula is bent on revenge for his acolyte 's death and proceeds to kill the trio off by manipulating their children.The acting in this movie was actually pretty good . Christopher Lee reprises his role as the evil Count and actually has quite a few lines of dialogue here , all delivered in his usual deadpan style . His blood - red eyes and demented expressions are all portrayed with chilling effect . The three doomed men are also played really well - Geoffrey Keen as William Hargood , Peter Sallis as Samuel Paxton , and John Carson as Jonathan Secker are all believable in their roles as lecherous middle-aged men whose lust eventually lead to their downfall . The two girls who play Dracula 's victims , Linda Hayden as Alice Hargood and Isla Blair as Lucy Paxton are suitably beautiful and do their roles justice.I thought the production values were above average - the score was effectively creepy , and the sets were well-done , especially the derelict chapel that is the scene of Dracula 's resurrection and also the final battle.All in all , this is a decent Hammer production with an engaging plot and credible acting . A must-have for fans of Dracula as well as those interested in vampire movies .
 `` Taste the Blood of Dracula '' was Hammer 's fourth Dracula film to feature Christopher Lee and was a noticeable improvement on their previous outing `` Dracula has Risen from the Grave . '' The move from Bray Studios to Elstree Studios in 1966 , whilst not initially having a major effect on the films , was by the turn of the decade leading to rather dour and unassuming spectacles that were not aided by a forced economisation at Hammer . With this in mind `` Taste the Blood ... '' was one of Hammer 's last great productions . The Victorian milieu in which the film is set is beautifully realised - the gothic crypts , lavish drawing rooms and the camp squalor of iniquitous brothels makes for an enjoyably authentic mise-en-scene . But then Hammer never really had much difficulty in creating a mid-Victorian gothic sensibility . This visual beauty is aided by some fine location work , which gives this production a sense of space that earlier Hammer films lacked . The film is also interesting at the level of moral polemics and contains one of Hammer 's most thinly disguised attacks on the hypocrisy of Victorian attitudes . This attack then functions allegorically as a treatise on societies new found permissiveness in the early 1970 's . Sadly Christopher Lee has little to do , other than glare from the sidelines and bare his teeth a few times . The films real delight is in the chemistry between the trio of Victorian hypocrites , played with gusto and glee by John Carlson , Peter Sallis and Geoffrey Keen . It is this triumvirate that makes the film memorable , not Dracula . Peter Sasdy directs efficiently and occasionally very stylishly in this his first of three films for Hammer which also included `` Countess Dracula and `` Hands of the Ripper '' . These were three of Hammer 's better productions of the 1970 's and showed a lot of promise that Sasdy failed to build upon.This DVD released by Warner Bros. is totally bereft of extras , save for a rather scratchy old trailer . However the picture looks good , with the colours particularly radiant in daylight scenes . If you 're feeling thirsty then `` Taste the Blood of Dracula '' , you know it makes sense .
 As a Matter of fact the Hammer Dracula Movies I Like are the ones realesed on warner home video this is one of the best ones check it out i would not reccomend the ones realeased by anchor bay Chect outHorror of DraculaDracula Has Risen From the GraveTaste the Blood of DraculaDracula A.D. 1972
 Christopher Lee carries on as the famous vampire in the fourth entry of the Hammer series . There is an effective handoff from `` Dracula Has Risen From the Grave . '' A peddler accidentally witnesses Dracula 's demise and takes the black cloak , the signet ring , and a vial of Dracula 's powdered blood from the crumpled remains . A dark disciple of Dracula lures three Victorian family men into forbidden satanic rites , but first they obtain the `` elements '' from the peddler . In an exciting scene in an abandoned church , the Prince of Darkness returns from doomed oblivion after his powdered blood mixes with drops of fresh blood . Unholy communion , indeed . Dracula proceeds to prey on the three middle-age thrill-seekers and their delectable daughters . The prim Victorian women display ample cleavage as the vampire 's kiss prevails . Dracula 's evil power overcomes all resistance . The proper English girls become wantonly eager women . Implied sex hangs heavy in the mist shrouded night air . The penetration is of the fangs in the neck variety , but we get the idea . A hallmark of this series is Lee 's towering presence in the familiar black cloak . This vampire is feral compared to other film depictions . As blood lust rages , he is red-eyed with snarling passion . Lamenting the lack of time that Dracula is on screen is a minor quibble . Dracula 's dispatch is spectacular , if a little rushed . Irony abounds in Dracula 's choice of the forgotten church as a refuge , considering his aversion to religious symbols . This film will please Hammer Horror Heads . It 's also a good change of pace from mad-slasher horror flicks . ; - -RRB-
 When three men look to escape the doldrums of respectability , they seek the pleasures of the seedier sides of life . But , little do they know what they are in for when they ask a young Satanist to assist them in their quest for dangerous thrills.This film has more to do with the old saying `` careful what you wish for '' than it does Dracula . This is not meant as criticism , but a simple statement of fact , as the themes in this story intertwine into what I think a spellbinding tale filled with the horror of three men trying to save themselves and their families from the retribution of a very pissed off Drac -LRB- yes ... he IS in the movie -RRB- . Oh ... and in regards to the complaints aimed at Dracula 's screen time , let 's give it a rest . Dracula serves as a wonderful vehicle for the themes of this film and that 's all that is needed here.Somewhere on this page I saw someone describe the scene where the young Satanist orders our 3 men to drink the blood of Dracula as unforgettable , and I would have to fully agree . I sometimes wake up in the middle of the night with the imagery from this chilling scene running in my head!Great Vamp flick . Although not very toothy , it is very atmospheric and down right frightening . If you love Hammer films , you 'll love this one . 4.5 stars .
 `` Taste the Blood of Dracula '' begins with the conclusion of `` Dracula Has Risen from the Grave , '' as a traveling salesman makes off with the count 's cape , ring and some of his blood . Figuring these mementoes will be worth something , the salesman returns to England . A few years later we find three decadent London gentlemen -- William Hargrove -LRB- Geoffrey Keen -RRB- , Samuel Paxton -LRB- Peter Sallis -RRB- , and Jonathan Secker -LRB- John Carson -RRB- -- who spend their nights drinking and whoring in the East End under the guise of `` charity work . '' The trio have become bored with their indulgences and then have the misfortune of encountering Lord Courtley -LRB- Ralph Bates -RRB- , who comes up with the bright idea of bringing Dracula back to life for fun . The three purchase the relics the salesman brought over from Transylvania but freak out during the magic ritual that involves drinking the potion made from Dracula 's blood -LRB- one thing you have to say for Hammer films , the titles usually come into play at some point in the narrative -RRB- . The trio beat up Courtley and flee , but the potion transforms the Lord into the Count -LRB- Christopher Lee -RRB- . Dracula immediately decides Courtley is worthy of revenge and goes after the three men through their children , whereupon much blood-letting ensues.This is yet another one of Hammer 's Dracula films where it ends up being less about the title character and more about what the director is up to . Unlike those films in the series directed by Terence Fisher , who had great affection for the 19th-century , director Peter Sasdy is more interested in seeing the Victorians as hypocrites who basically get what they deserve in the end . `` Taste the Blood of Dracula '' not only lacks the strong moral counter-presence of a Van Helsing type , it lacks a true hero . Dracula again meets his fate at the end of the film because that is what is supposed to happen , not because we have any vested interest in the boy rescuing the girl . Dracula is clearly an erotic figure whose seduction of the children of the Victorian debauchers heralds their sexual awakenings -LRB- e.g. , Linda Hayden as Alice Hargood laying sensuously on the lid of Dracula 's sarcophagus -RRB- . For those of you looking for Freudian overtones , look no further , because things get pretty blatant in this film . `` Taste the Blood of Dracula '' is the last decent film in the Hammer Dracula series , so if you are working through the series in order , you might consider stopping here .
 Taste the Blood of Dracula is , without a doubt , one of the best vampire films Hammer ever produced . That such a daft piece of dreck as Dracula A.D. 1972 can garner the same overall rating as Peter Sasdy 's thrilling achievement is truly dispiriting . Even more astounding is the fact that the kiddies who lap up that film have the nerve to refer to this one as `` cheese . '' God , how I hate that word
 After the events of `` Dracula Has Risen from The Grave '' , a store owner named Weller -LRB- Roy Kinnear -RRB- finds Dracula -LRB- Christopher Lee -RRB- dying until he turns into red powder as he decides to contain it in a bottle and wants to sell his cape and medallion . Three men such as William Hargood -LRB- Geoffrey Keen -RRB- , Samuel Paxton -LRB- Peter Sallis -RRB- and Jonathan Secker -LRB- John Carson -RRB- with Lord Courtley -LRB- Ralph Bates -RRB- have a secret black mass outside of town as they preform a ritual of unholiness as Lord Courtley drinks Dracula 's magic blood as he transforms into the count as he wrecks havok once more . He seeks the blood of a beautiful young woman named Alice -LRB- Linda Hayden -RRB- who is the daughter to William and her boyfriend Paul -LRB- Anthony Corlan -RRB- must save the day.Campy and cheesy yet sometimes enjoyable entry of the Hammer Dracula series is one of their weaker efforts but not as good as the last one . Here Roy Kinnear who played the daddy of Veronica Salt in Willy Wonka does a nice hammy job of acting and Lee proves he is THE dracula besides Bella as there 's some nudity but not quite graphic and the violence is a little on the violent side if tame but this is chockloads of campy fun for everyone even Hammer fans.This DVD has a great uncut transfer of the movie in it 's new R-rated version from the original PG rated cut version and has only one extra which is a trailer and that 's just it .
 TASTE THE BLOOD OF DRACULA was done toward the end of the `` Hammer Horror '' period , and Christopher Lee , who had played the title role several times , did n't want to do it again . The original script attempted to solve the problem by never showing Dracula at all -- but it is hard to keep a good vampire down , and after much nudging and pleading Chrisopher Lee rose from the grave one more time for this lurid story of Victorian hypocrisy.TASTE THE BLOOD OF DRACULA concerns three outwardly respectable Victorian men who meet once a month at a brothel to indulge their less respectable cravings . But this has been going on for some years now , and they 've gotten bored -- even a girl dancing with a snake is pretty ho-hum so far as they are concerned . So when they run into naughty Lord Courtley -LRB- Ralph Bates -RRB- , who is infamous for wicked ways , they ask him he can provide a few new experiences . What he provides is nothing less than the resurrection of Dracula , and when he dies in the process Dracula sets out to kill off these three men , whom he holds responsible for Courtley 's death . Along the way he also decides to take out their children as well , including pretty blonde Alice -LRB- Linda Hayden -RRB- and red-headed Lucy -LRB- Isla Blair . -RRB- There 's a little brief nudity , the special effects are fun , and the when the showdown comes it is quite good , with Alice 's lover Paul -LRB- Anthony Higgins -RRB- entrapping Dracula and reducing him to dust in a somewhat novel manner . While this is n't Bram Stoker 's DRACULA -- there has never been any serious attempt to film the novel -- it is an enjoyable riff on it , and certainly one of the better `` Hammer Horrors . '' Recommended.GFT
 An excellent finale to Hammer 's original Dracula series , in which the Count finally invades England a la the Stoker original . -LRB- All of the previous films - Horror of Dracula , The Brides of Dracula , Dracula
 Taste The Blood of Dracula has always been one of my favorite films in the Hammer Dracula series . It is one of the most atmosphiric of the series . The story is excellent and a welcome departure from your average vampire flick . Although I wish that Lee had been given more screen time , his presence definately adds to the film . I wish that Anchor Bay would hurry up and release this movie on DVD !
 Of the eight entries in the Hammer Dracula series -LRB- counting `` Brides of ... '' and `` Scars of ... '' -RRB- `` Taste the Blood of Dracula '' is , believe it or not , one of the best , if not the best.One of the most intriguing aspects of the story is `` the circle '' of three Affluent British thrill-seekers . Once a month they secretly meet together to taste of life 's various taboo activities . Enter Lord Courtley , an Aleister Crowley-type servant of darkness . Ralph Bate 's performance as Courtley is one of the highlights of the film ; he 's utterly twisted , diabolic , maniacal , self-centered and arrogant -- a great character to love to hate ! Courtley offers the ultimate fiendish thrill to the circle of friends.Geoffrey Keen plays the hypocritical William Hargood , who puts up the pretense of being a respectable , church-going aristocrat . His ill-treatment of his sweet , beautiful daughter Alice , played by Linda Hayden , is incredibly infuriating and reprehensible . -LRB- Thankfully , he gets his comupance -RRB- . The sequence where Courtley and the circle of three ` taste the blood of Dracula ' is ingenious , not to mention utterly horrific . Commendations to screenwriter Anthony Hinds ! -LSB- SPOILER ALERT ! -RSB- This leads to the murder of Courtley and the resurrection of the ol' Count himself . `` Taste the Blood of Dracula '' is completely lush in Gothic atmposphere -LRB- other reviewers have also noted this -RRB- , plus the set-up of the story is refreshingly innovative and brilliant , not to mention engrossing.The only reason I give the film 4 Stars rather than 5 is because it 's kinda hard to buy Dracula 's vengeful attitude toward the murder of his supposed servant -LRB- Courtley -RRB- . Is n't Dracula the Prince of EVIL ? Why would he care about Courtley ? Was n't Courtley 's death the necessary catalyst to the Count 's resurrection ? Is n't Dracula a use - 'em - and-leave - 'em type of guy ? Plus , maybe I 'm not up on my 60 's / 70 's vampire lore , but why did Dracula fail to convert Alice to the ranks of the undead ? He obviously mesmerizes her to do his bidding , yet he fails to ever taste of her sweet blood -LRB- although he attempts to at the very end -RRB- . By contrast he converts Alice 's friend right away . This does n't make sense.CONCLUSION
 well we had prety much given up hope of ever seeing a decent version of this classic Dracula adventure when Warner anouncedit 's release in an unbutchered state.the image is flawless , the sound is good if not expansive but the real treat is that the 4 minutes missing from every print released so far has this time been included.The bordelo scene is now free of the savage editing done by warner in the early 70 's to be able to market it to the kiddies.The other additions are very short scenes juged to violent at the time.The result is a film that flows better & has a stronger story & that 's it rates a 5 on my scale.review of the DVD edition
 Well , this time around , Dracula is not the killer , except for when he kills Lucy . He turns the children of the three thrill seekers against them for killing off his `` servant '' . Christopher Lee is great as always playing the count , but it makes you wonder what the point even was of having him in the film . He does not even appear until 45 minutes into it , just when you think the film has nowhere to go.The version I bought has an `` R '' rating , although I do not see the difference from the old `` PG '' videos . Yes , there are a couple of scenes added back like when one person is staked to death and has blood on his face . They also show women barebreasted for a moment , but other than that , what was so `` R '' about it?A good sequel , and of course , it leaves the door open for another one .
 I watched this last night and forgot how good it was . It has great sets and stylish direction . It potrays the Victorians as hypocrites . It 's noble men here resort to going to brothels and then hypocritically backing out of resurrecting Dracula after they paid a lot of money to do it . It makes them look like yellow belly cowards . Lord Courtney was disowned from his family for practicing black magic . It 's women succumb to the tempation of Dracula , in effect cheating on their men . Dracula is Romanian for The Devil . His repulsion from the cross is symbolic of his inversion of Christian values.The story sees three noble men eventually meetung with Lord Courtney to resurrect Dracula . When the ritual is undertaken , they need to drink the blood of Dracula , thus the title . They all chicken out and Lord Courtnet finally does it himself . He grows ill and begs for help only to be ganged up on and beaten dead . They leave . Dracula is resurrected , and vows revenge on those who destroyed his servant . That 's basicly it . Their families get involved and Dracula meets a most fantastic end .
 I distinctly remember going to the drive-ins when I was around 3-4 and seeing a Dracula movie . -LRB- I 'm sure it was a midnight showing , so that us kids would sleep through it -RRB- The only part I remember , clearly , was Dracula , or some such thing , walking through a cemetery with blood coming from his eyes , chanting
 In this version of Dracula , played by Christopher Lee , the location is in Victorian England . Lord Courtley , played by Ralph Bates , resurrects Dracula with the aid of three Victorian gentlemen , but when Courtley drinks Dracula 's blood he dies and the three leave him for dead . Dracula revenges the death of his servant by seducing their children and having them kill their own fathers.This movie was made a year after Dracula Has Risen From The Grave and the next in the series was The Scars of Dracula.Another interesting note is that Ralph Bates became Hammer 's next leading man .
 Romantic , gothic and scary are the best words to describe Christopher Lee 's fourth outing as the demonic Count.Victorian England is where it takes place just as Bram Stoker originally intended and the cast is pretty good too.Despite Peter Cushing 's absense , the film has several high points with beautiful photography and a wonderful score.The plot involves Drcaula seeking revenge on three wealthy socialites and their families after they kill his disciple -LRB- Ralph Bates -RRB- . The young women , Alice -LRB- Linda Hayden -RRB- and the vampirized Lucy -LRB- Isla Blair -RRB- are one of Hammer 's best and prove their worth in the film.Lee 's presence though minimal is nevertheless mysterious and scary.In my opinion this is probably the most stylish and accomplished of all the Christopher Lee 's Dracula films .
 What do you do when you 've tried every hedonistic indulgence you can think of ? Why , you raise a blood-sucking vengeful vampire , of course.That is the basic premise of this flick . 4 very Victorian , upper middle-class gentlemen -LRB- ? -RRB- secretly indulge in carnal pleasures to escape their confining role in society but quickly grow weary and sated . Enter a flamboyant young ne'er - do-well who persuades them to resurrect Dracula . While agreeing at first , the 4 lose their nerve and kick the fellow to death and flee , leaving Dracula to seek vengeance upon them for killing his servant.The usual mayhem and death results before Dracula is killed by the heroic boyfriend.Not my favorite but better the the sequel , the Scars of Dracula .
 THIS IS VERY GOOD FILM IN THE DRACULA SERIES FROM HAMMER PRODUCTION.THE STORY IS FAST PACE AND FULL OF SUSPENCE AS THREE UPPER-CLASS MEN GET INVOLVED WITH A MAN WHO BRINGS BACK DRACULA FROM DEAD . THEY KILL THE MAN AND DRACULA GOES AFTER THREE MEN 'S FAMILY.THE DVD IS PERFECT PICTURE AND SOUND .
 When I was a kid , I thought this movie had too little Dracula ... but thanks to Warner DVD there is now more than ever ! -LRB- Still not enough , but we got ta take what we can get !! -RRB- Issued without any formal `` fanfare , '' this release restores approximately FOUR minutes of footage never before seen in the US versions ! Throw away those old videos !!! This DVD presents `` Taste the Blood of Dracula '' the way it was meant to be seen ! Originally rated `` GP '' in the US , it 's now rated `` R '' on the package . -LRB- Granted , these days it would probably be a PG-13 . -RRB- Among the shots restored are
 After recently watching the film Dracula Has Risen from the Grave -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , I was certainly curious as to how they managed to bring him back for Taste the Blood of Dracula -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , the third installment of the Hammer/Lee Dracula series . I mean , the guy dissolved away to practically nothingness , but then , I guess matter can never really be destroyed , only changed into different forms . The film , directed by Peter Sasdy , who also did Countess Dracula -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , starts off by basically rehashing the final scenes of Dracula has Risen from the Grave , and we find a portly merchant finding the remains of Dracula 's corpse , his cloak , signet ring , cloak clasp , and red powder that is supposed to be Dracula 's blood . We then meet of a group of three wealthy , respectable , older men who form a small group that participates in a little hanky panky on the side , and have become bored with their usual routine . They seek out the assistance of a younger man , one with noble lineage who was cut off from his family due to his predilections for the occult . This younger man convinces the trio to cough up the dough for the remains of Dracula , in the hopes of performing some sort of ritual , with the notion of bringing forth pleasures and such none of the men could ever conceive.The ritual , which takes place in an abandoned church well off the beaten path , begins , and involves mixing fresh blood with the powdered blood of Dracula -LRB- which creates quite the oozing visceral cocktail -RRB- , and then drinking this new combination . The three older men understandably balk at the idea of drinking this noxious concoction , and challenge the brash younger man to drink it , to which he calls them cowards and does , with interesting effects . He begins to seriously freak out , and the three older men then proceed to have their own freak out , to which the get scared and beat and kick the younger man savagely until he 's dead . They then leave , quite shaken up by the ordeal and make a vow to never talk about the crime , as they have little fear that the body will ever be discovered due to the remoteness of the derelict church . Little do they know that after they left , the body of the young man became covered in ash , and from the ash Dracula -LRB- Lee -RRB- is reborn , swearing vengeance on those who killed his acolyte . This whole concept of vengeance seems to be an on-going theme in these movies , but I guess motivation has to come from somewhere . Anyway , Dracula is now loose in London , and his wicked plans involve using the children of the three men to exact his revenge . Here 's another consistent theme throughout these films of having Dracula use others to do most of his dirty work . I suppose if you can enthrall women and control men 's minds , why do it yourself ? His plans begin to bear fruit , as the men begin to meet their various demises , and the race is on to not only learn who is responsible for these murders , but also to stop the fiend once his identity is revealed . Will the surviving children be able to stop this monster from destroying them and their families , or will the sins of the fathers consume all and unleash a terror on the land in the form of an insatiable creature of the night?Most of the performances are pretty good , and Lee certainly makes a strong showing as the venerable Prince of Darkness , eyes becoming a ghastly red as he takes his various victims for sustenance . As with the previous films , he has very few lines , but Lee 's on-screen presence speaks volumes , emoting a sense of real horror and terror . The sets are very good , especially the abandoned church where the resurrection of Dracula takes place , and then becomes his sort of base of operations as he carries out his murderous plans . This entry is a little faster paced than the previous film , as there is a bit more killing involved . I especially enjoyed the scene near the end when a character is fighting with Dracula within the church , and Dracula is trying to escape , tearing metal bars from windows and chucking them like spears . His supernatural strength did n't get much play in some of the other films , as it does n't really here , but at least it 's present.Warner Brothers provides a really sharp looking wide screen print here , but very little in the area of special features , including an original theatrical trailer for the film . If you are interesting in seeing the other films in this series , look for Dracula , Prince of Darkness -LRB- 1966 -RRB- , Dracula Has Risen from the Grave -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , Scars of Dracula -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , Dracula AD 1972 -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , and The Satanic Rites of Dracula -LRB- 1973 -RRB- . Cookieman108
 this is without a doubt my favorite hammer/dracula series films ! a must have for the true dracula fan ! !
 Dracula 's becoming a bit like Jason Voorhees in that he gets wiped out at the end of each film , but some schmuck manages to resurrect him in the next . In this case it 's four schmucks-a student of black magic , and three thrill seekers -LRB- one of them is `` M '' from the Roger Moore and Dalton Bond films -RRB- . After buying Dracula 's clothing and blood from Veruca Salt 's dad , they perform a satanic ritual that brings back Dracula . Why anyone would want to do this for kicks is beyond me . The three guys chicken out when it comes time for them to drink Dracula 's blood , and beat the black magic dude to death . Well , Dracula comes back and carries out his revenge on the the three guys . Dracula 's motives for revenge are lame , but oh well . Of course he gets his little group of female vampire slaves to help him out , and yes he treats them like toilet paper as usual . When the leading lady 's boyfriend , Paul -LRB- it seems like alot of Hammer films have a character named Paul for some reason -RRB- gets wind of all this , he reads a book about vampires and arms himself to the teeth within the space of about half an hour . Then he 's off for the final confrontation with Dracula . How is Dracula defeated this time around ? I 'm still scratching my head about that one . It appears that it might be sunlight -LRB- along with some kinda LSD trip about a church -RRB- , but how is this possible since night had just fallen five minutes ago ? That 's another thing-the sun rises and sets in this film as if it were controlled by a lightswitch . Anyhow , the film is actually very good . The acting is good , but it usually is in a Hammer film . And of course , the gothic look is right on and the women are all yummy . Lee does a good job with what he 's given . Dracula 's not given an awful lot of screen time , very few lines , and mostly he 's standing around as he orders his slavechix to kill everyone . Lee has always been my favorite actor to don the cape , so maybe I 'm a little biased here . When you step back and look at it , it 's not an earth shattering performance , but hell , it 's Christopher Lee , man ! An above average Hammer film for sure .
 Taste The Blood Of Dracula was the fourth movie in the Christopher Lee ` Dracula ' cycle , and in my opinion one of the best.Everything about this movie speaks quality . The story is a Victorian morality tale and shows the hypocracy of those times . A father belittles his daughter and basically tells her that she is a harlot , while him and his buddies frequent a house of ill repute and attend a satanic ceremony . The characters actually evolve throughout the movie and you end up caring about them by the end.The sets are gorgeous and the cemetery scenes were actually filmed in Highgate Cemetery which makes the film even more ` dark ' than it already is . The costumes are great and the acting is really good.Modern horror film makers ought to watch this movie and learn something from it . Vapid acting , angsty teen actors , and bad screenplays does not a great horror film make . However , great acting , a well written screenplay , and the great production values of Hammer Studios do.Watch this movie .
 I do n't like the way this movie ends . It changes its point of view . At first we follow Anna 's moves . And in the end , it was the Prince 's 1st person monologue . I do n't like it . I felt uncomfortable . It 's the way of story telling is unnatural.Chow Yun-Fat 's Thai is too slow . Everyone around him speaks slow Thai . I guess many of the cast are not Thai actually . A native Thai told me he could n't comprehend what they were talking .
 I love Anna and the King . I used to have it in video . I just recently bought the DVD . Have n't watched it in several years until now . I cried again at the end as I always do . It 's so moving , and it 's based on a true story . It 's great to watch alone or with that special someone .
 I found this movie to be BRILLIANT ! Jodie Foster is outstanding in the role of Anna Leonowens - she is a beautiful mix of bravery , intelligence and Victorian elegance . Chow Yun-Fat is also outstanding in the role of King Mongkut - he emits a regal quality as well that of compassion and intelligence . The cinematography is out of this world and the directing exquisite . The dialogue is perfect , and it strikes just the right chord of polished writing . The musical score is breathtaking . The lush scenery and thick emotion is set to elegant , strong , and graceful music . It is forceful when it need be and then fades quietly into the background ... at times supporting a scene with gentle rolling waves of ear pleasure . Oh and the costumes ! They are completely amazing , and startling in their detail . From the majestic elephants to the smallest noble they are all cloaked in carefully chosen fabrics.This movie in all its entirety affected me very deeply . The intense emotions of the characters are so expertly performed and directed that they feel incredibly real . These emotions , which course through `` Anna and the King , '' create a moving , exciting , and anticipatory experience . I am very grateful to all of those involved in the making of `` Anna and the King '' for producing such a beautiful and extraordinary film . Anyone who is contemplating viewing this movie ... do it . I only hope that you , too will have the pleasure of being able to fully indulge in this feast for the senses .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- really does n't mention all the extra `` goodies '' that they 've encluded in this Special Edition of Anna and the King , so I was thrilled to discover a good two hours of behind-the-scenes features , a trailor , music video , and more ! The DVD quality is excellent , very sharp and clear , with a very well-done enter-menu feature , and deleted scenes , including an extention of the `` White Elephant '' sequence , and the `` Prologue '' and `` Epilogue '' scenes . The six featurettes are pretty repetative - if you 've seen one , you 've seen them all , but the interviews with Foster and Yun-Fat are pretty darn cool . All in all , a wonderful DVD from Fox ... and an excellent film . If you enjoy epic romances , simple tales made exceptional by breathing romance and a passionate , gorgeous backdrop , with sets made perfect down to the tiniest detail , a film that will make you laugh , and make you cry ... Anna and the King is it ! The movie of the year ! Do n't miss it ... and do n't miss this edition !
 This is a true outstanding epic movie . I 'm really surprised why it was n't hailed as greatly as it should have been . I personally hail it as one of the greatest movies of all time , a true classic in every sense . I 've seen it totally ignorant of all the versions that preceded it and I 've loved it with the very first few lines `` She came unaware of all the suspicion that preceded her '' '' the first English woman I have seen '' . This story of two unconventional people in conventional times with all its historical facts and lush gorgeous background is capable of sweeping one 's off his feet making him feel all that cultural and emotional struggle that Anna and the King seem to go through . Jodie Foster was lovely and extraordinary although I used to think that she is too modern-looking for such movies ... I guess I was gravely mistaken . I think the movie 's real surprise is Chow Yun-Fat who was truly amazing . He seems to be so much at home with all this kingly charm . He has such grace and overwhelming presence that would make him probably one of the most remembered kings on the screen . I ca n't help wondering if the original king was as charming as he was ... and would n't be nice if all kings were like that ? We would surly love them . And what of the palace ? Do I dare and say more ? I was totally amazed to know that they 've built a replica of the original one ... wow ! I envy Jodie and Chow for being in such lofty surroundings . I think I would write a book if I were to describe everything I loved in this movie ... but I must take my hat off to Andy Tennant for making such a masterpiece and for all the designers . Of course , I must not forget the movie 's music and photography and the beautiful script that seems to linger in the mind forever for I would always remember that `` when a woman has so much to say and does n't say it . Her silence can be deafening . '' .
 As a younger person who 's missed many of the `` older '' movies -LRB- like `` The King and I '' -RRB- I can only see movies for the works they are -- I do not have older works in my repertoire through which to compare , contrast and filter my viewing experience.Having just viewed Anna & the King both in letterbox and cropped views -LRB- I prefer letterbox , though smaller on a screen , the camera work and screenplay are absolutely stunning , and missing these outer details does detract from the mood of the picture -RRB- , I greatly enjoyed the storyline , the actors , and the cinematography.Admittedly Jodie Foster 's English accent is a bit forced , but I commend her ability to retain it consistently throughout the picture -LRB- as opposed to some actors who 've been unable to do so , regardless , they did receive outstanding reviews for their performance , nonnative accent notwithstanding -RRB- . I felt Jodie 's portrayal as being prim and well-educated was very accurate given the time period -- what is considered acceptable today would have been considered absolutely abhorrent in Anna 's time . We seem to forget that so many things considered perfectly fine today , simply were n't done in the mid-1800 's , particularly in the ultra-traditionalized societies like those of England and Siam -LRB- to name two -RRB- . American attitudes have been long considered far fringe by non-Western societies around the world , both then and today.I found the choice of actors for Siam characters to be appropriate and believable . The character portrayals were deep and true . I felt as though I was watching people , getting to know them , not watching actors playing roles . The transitions of time and space were effective and I did n't find myself yearning for `` missed pieces . `` The love story caught me by surprise . I found it deeply moving and the tension between Anna , and the King , and the careful play of the King 's other wives , to be wonderful . I strained to hear every word and catch every expression . I appreciated the dialog and found the scenes well-written , appropriately succinct and yet adequately played to offer a `` newcomer '' like me an appreciation of the many issues which underlay the story.This movie tugged at my heartstrings , as I watched these people and families grow and come to love together , and I was moved to tears repeatedly . Watching a deep love grow between Anna and the King , a love borne of respect and intelligence and attraction , watching them balance their societal dictates with the concerns of country , politics and their feelings for one another -- and of course all those beautiful children -- was like watching a gentle dance of butterflies on a summer 's breeze . I felt it was beautifully written and beautifully played.I give it a `` thumbs up '' for the actors , directorship , costuming and cinematography . Definitely a movie worth seeing !
 This modern rendition of the ` The King and I ' is not without its cinematic lacunae , but it 's so captivating you 'll gloss over most of them.It 's 1862 and King Mongkut of Siam -LRB- Thailand -RRB- has hired a certain Mrs Anna Leonowens to be an English teacher to his 58 children . She stays there for five years and in 1870 publishes a book about her experiences , which predictably scandalizes British high society , and is considered a great betrayal by the Thai government and people.The film may be based on these diaries but sure it 'd have been blasphemy to rely merely on barebone facts , so it liberally splices action , drama , romance , suspense , even fullfledged battles into the fray.We follow two broad arcs -- the platonic emotional connection that develops between the king and Anna , and the political backdrop against which this bond is set -- but the leitmotiv is one of change . Both our principals find themselves transformed beyond their own contexts by virtue of their acquaintance.Jodie Foster is clearly uncomfortable with her British accent as she mumbles her way through three-quarters of the movie , but it is probably her customary detachment in expressing emotion that befits Anna 's charm in this film -LRB- if one could describe it thus -RRB- -- a certain air of arrogance , a misplaced conviction in her own superiority , the ` uncommon richness ' of the British way of life , so on and so forth . The film does n't patronize her character and the few crevices in her personality do come across as cultural idiosynchrasies that can now be looked upon as such , with the benefit of distance.Chow Yun Fat -LRB- a popular Hong Kong actor , you may know him from Crouching Tiger -RRB- is majestically imperious in his portrayal of the King caught between the throes of attraction and the cross he must bear as a conscientious ruler.Their romance is zestful but dignified , their chemistry palpable . His rueful admission of her as an equal and his tender submission to his own feelings of love towards her is masterful . There 's even a waltz.One does wonder about his 26 concubines and 58 children though ; they come across chiefly as garden props , we see them and they 're there and that 's all they do , part of the landscape . An unrelated sequence where a young daughter succumbs to ill health is quite plainly a tear-jerker thrown in for that sole purpose.Things then get dodgier on the political front . Anna 's heroic rescue of Siam seems heavily contrived . No king with a couple brain cells or more would find himself mired in the sort of military faux pas that occurs here . Let 's not spoil the suspense but there 's a goofball insurrection that culminates in a positively cartoonish battle . Little surprise to me that Thai government chose to ban the film , not for groveling love of their monarchy but out of basic self-respect . These quibbles aside , the film is stunningly produced and well-worth seeing for the rest of us if only for the luxurious mantle in which it comes cloaked . The scenery is spectacular , with lush green mountain fields , grand palatial foyers draped in red silk , pillars etched in gold , even a long sweeping view of the royal steamboat on the river between the banks of a dense rain forest . The set and costume design are so sumptuous they 'd have won Bertolucci 's grudging admiration.Without doubt a heartily made epic and recommended with equal intensity if you 're willing to go easy on the rigours of historical or cultural accuracy .
 This movie is spectacular in every way . At the theater I was blown away with the lavishness and constant eye-candy of the sets and scenery . I can hardly wait for the DVD , to help re-create some of the magic of the big screen.I am a lifetime fan of the original musical `` The King and I '' and once even saw Yul Brenner do the stage play in person . A magical experience -- so I went into the theater thinking it might be a poor imitation , but it was n't ! A completely different kind of movie , with a wonderful , believable performance by Chow Yun-Fat , speaking of eye-candy . Jodie Foster brought the passion and bravery of Anna to life -- and though it only contains elements of truth ; it is a charming , sometimes breathtaking fantasy worthy of some of the most lavish productions of Hollywood days gone by . If you love beauty , passion , and a rollercoaster ride of laughter to tears and back again -- you 'll love this movie !
 I 'm not a movie buff nor do i collect dvd 's but i thought this one was particularly worth owning . I do n't understand why so many critics panned the film for being dull or too long . I was totally absorbed and enjoyed every minute of the 2-1/2 hours.The cinematography and production design was amazing -- especially in light of the fact that they were not allowed to film in Thailand but had to recreate the palace and its surroundings from scratch . Just absolutely visually stunning.I also disagree with critics about the lack of chemistry between the leads . I thought there was plenty - maybe more of an intellectual nature than a physical one perhaps.Chow Yun Fat has such a strong screen presence - definitely holding his own against Jody Foster 's intense yet restrained performance .
 I remember watching trailors for this film when it came out - at the time I thought it looked hammy and over-done . Perhaps it was the trailor that let it down - a very `` hollywood '' trailor for what in my opinion was quite an `` un-hollywood '' film . By this I mean that it was n't all glory and fairy-tale endings and over-the-top . Half way through as events were unfolding I found myself begging my television -LRB- I watched this on DVD recently -RRB- for this not to be a true story because I realised how heart-braking it was going to be if it was . There is dispute over the `` truth '' of Anna Leonowens ' story but this is irrelevant - the film is nothing short of an epic in its own right and if you want to study the facts of history then do so . It is beautfully directed - there is one of the most powerful montage scenes I have ever seen -LRB- spoilers -RRB- in the execution sequence.Speaking as an Actress and an accent coach and an English woman , Jodie Foster 's accent is rather good . I have never heard an American actor/actress be as accurate . She was believable , spoilt and charming all at once . Chow Yun Fat is my favourite actor and I can not write about him objectively . He is what the Oscar was made for . If you are also a fan you can not miss this one . -LRB- You should n't miss anyhing he does ! -RRB- His performance in this film is nothing short of inspiring - to other actors , and frankly to other human beings as his insight into human behaviour can teach us all . The film is worth watching for what he does alone . But it is so much more . If you are looking for a film to rent then this is the one - this is something you should see for its production values -LRB- costumes all made from scratch - along with an entire palace which they built -RRB- cinematography , direction , the performances , and especially the morals which arise from it all . Go to it . .
 I love this movie . I have read others ' so called `` reviews '' here and must dispute any negative statements ; especially those misguided fools who insist on `` reality '' when watching a MOVIE , and have no sense of artistic license or drama . Do n't you hate those people who insist on tearing apart a film over the minutest of details ; like most Americans could really recognize a `` fake '' English accent if they did ` nt know the actress was American already , OY ! For those of you who , like me , are marinating in `` reality '' 24/7 , this was a great escape film , filled with gorgeous cinematography and an entertaining script . Jodie Foster is one of the greatest actresses of our generation and Chow Yun-Fat is a welcome import , a man 's man , not a pretty boy who 's lack of acting ability is blurred by a dazzling smile . This is an enjoyable film that is loosely based on the diaries of Ms. Anna . It is a remake of the King and I ; one that is not an insufferable `` musical '' . It is a great lie on the couch in the evening and turn out the lights and let the film entertain you kind of movie that is well worth the 2 and a half hours .
 Chow Yun-Fat does n't shave his head and he does n't dance -LRB- well , yeah , he does ... but not like Yul Brenner in `` The King and I '' -RRB- and sing ... this movie takes the true story of Anna Leonowens to a level of stark realism . Other than Anna 's -LRB- Jodie Foster -RRB- Victorian dress , it 's easy to forget that this film takes place in the 1860 's ... it looks almost timeless as they are in this robust , diverse and ancient culture . Chow Yun-Fat is absolutely perfect in his role ... proof that he does n't need to weild a gun or perform martial arts to be taken seriously.There are moments that are tragic , tender and bittersweet as the Thai kingdom of King Mongkut faces an evolution of sorts as it becomes clear that they can no longer shut out the world.In a world where women are servants and accessories and the King has many wives , Anna challenges the King 's ideas of the strength of a woman 's mind and her resolve . While he has many wives , it is evident that it is Anna that has stolen his heart . Standing up for principals she believes in is first met with further demands and decrees from the King , but is soon followed with concession and kindness . To see the British and Thai cultures intertwine and react to one another is very interesting and the contrast of how the King and Anna interact versus the snobbish aristocracy.The Western world sees the King as just a figure-head of a primitive culture , but Anna yields respect for him as she would to her own Queen Victoria , yet does not sacrifice her ideals , beliefs or dignity in the process.The backdrops , scenery , costumes , etc. are all breath-takingly beautiful and performances by those in lesser roles are also believable and stunning . A great film - I wish it would have been recognized more in theaters .
 I have watched this movie many times . As i have lived in Thailand for several years now , i can see the `` recreations '' of the Royal Palace as well as many other places in Thailand are breath taking . I would use the `` subtitles '' if you are wathiching it with anyone who is Thai . My wife is Thai and as she watched it , she commented many times that the 90 % Chinese Actors who are in the movie `` acting '' as Thai and trying to speak the language is MAYBE 50 % at best . Other than the language problem and the obvious `` holywood '' spin , it is a VERY good and positive movie of the events of King Rama the 4th and the problems between Thailand and the Burmese/British/French -LRB- research your history -RRB- in the time period in the DVD . That said , i still watch it when i can . It is a great movie . I would recommend it to anyone who wants to have an inside too Thailand during that historical time.Shawn
 And here is another movie which I decided not to watch when it first came out . I just watched it on dvd and it was a beautiful film . The scenery , the custumes , and the palace of Siam was just breath-taking . And the characters were very memorable , and there are plenty of them in this movie . I normally do n't like Jody Foster , but she was great in this movie . Chow Yun Fat was great as well . He is a great Chinese actor and this movie reveals his charisma and ability to carry a movie better than Crouching Tiger . I have completely misjudged the film before watching it . This movie , contrary to my expectation , is very different than `` King and I '' movie of the 60 's . Some reviewer complained that this movie is a non-fiction . This kind of criticism really bothers me . Are n't most movies fictions ? This is a movie , not a documentary for crying out loud . As a fictious story , based on an historical event , it was great . But if you want to watch a movie that is over 90 % accurate to the historical facts , this one is not for you . Also , although there is no violent war scenes , there are violent/brutal scenes like blowing a guy 's head and chopping off a female 's head , which would bother some people . I personally felt it was too violent for this kind of movie and should have been left out . Do n't have to be so graphic to make a point . That 's my only criticism .
 This is an excellent movie which I have watched on numerous occasions and will watch many more times in the future . Jodie Foster is excellent in her role . The whole concept of the King falling in love with `` 1 '' woman when he had so many wives really touched me . It was a true love story .
 Everytime I watch this movie , I 'm awestruck at the beauty and wonder of it . From the scenery , to the drama , to the love story , and finally and most of all , to the music , I 'm drawn to watch it over and over again . So much of the dialogue between the King and Anna points to moments in my life that makes me want to return to the time and place over and over . I loved `` The King and I '' with Deborah Kerr and Yul Brenner , but this story is so much richer without all the music and allows you to see into the souls of each character . This story is for all of us who ever had to give up the true love of our lives .
 When I heard that one of my favorite stories was being remade , I decided not to see it . One day it was on TV , and I saw a bit of AATK and thought it looked interesting . Since renting it , I have watched it 25 times leaving it on during my work day since it elates my spirit . For romantics , this is a movie worth watching . The writing is the kind that I enjoy from movies made 50 years ago . Chow Yun-Fat and Bai Ling -LRB- Tuptim -RRB- should have gotten awards for their work . Jodie takes some getting used to because of her accent . The rest of the cast is excellent . The musis is outstanding . Please , if you read this , and love a good story and romance , you will enjoy this immensely .
 I hated the original version of `` The King and I '' when I saw it in 8th grade , so when my mom took me to see this one in the theaters , it was a breath of fresh air compared to the orginal.I liked this movie a lot ! Jodie Foster is one of my favorite actresses , and although I ca n't say much for Chow Yun-Fat , He was impressive as King Monghut . And the scenery was very pretty.and I love movies that are based on true stories!I 'm really glad I have this movie !
 Unbelievable that this film did not receive the glory due . The story is presented beautifully touching on many aspects that I was not previously aware of . The costumes , cinematography , the lavish & tropical sets , the cast -- all extraordinary . I definitely thought this to be one of the all-time feel-good movies . It was also surprising to find that Thailand banned the film . I thought the director presented it in the most respective of manners showing great strength and strength of character in its king . It is uncanny to dismiss the fact that a woman may have had influence on a man , king or not . Ultimately , the king made his own choices as clearly seen in the film . Does it show lack of strength that a man , already with so many wives , could find love in another ? This movie will be watched time and again at our home .
 There is n't a whole lot I can say that everyone else has n't already said . But I do recommend this movie to everyone . Forget about the King and I movie . This movie stands on it 's own and I hardly think it fair to compare it with an earlier version of the story , seeing as how they are both loosely drawn from the stories of Anna . I do n't know if they are true ; but a girl can dream that such a man exist -LRB- although I would prefer he did n't have wives and concubines ... -RRB- but I am straying from the point . The whole point of the story is that no matter how different two people are , there is always a way to communicate . Nowadays I simply ca n't find a decent love stories at Blockbuster , and what little they do have all seems so fake somehow . They all tend to focus more on the sexual matters . I prefer seductive glances , fighting converstations , and intensity from my characters than just a scene of them two in bed . Watch this movie . It is sad towards the end , yes , but if nothing else , you will have been left with lessons learned .
 If you are interested in this movie for the historical content , go away . If you want to see it because you want to learn about Thailand in the 1800 's , go away . If you love a beautiful romance with stunning costumes and scenery , read on.Anna and the King is the third movie to be released about the life of Anna Leonowens , a British governess in Thailand -LRB- then Siam -RRB- . All three of the movies disregard history completely , and for a good reason - the actual story is not all that interesting and would n't make for a very good movie . Instead , this movie is a beautiful , moving romance that never occured , but definitely worth watching as a piece of fiction . The other two movies just do n't compare . It is a long movie , almost 2 and 1/2 hours , and I have n't gotten bored or impatient even the 7th time watching it . All of you hopeless romantics , you must get your hands on this movie !
 In time , Anna and the King , will be the classic film that , `` The King and I '' has become . Yun-Fat Chow and Jodie Foster could not have been more brilliant . After Chow 's performance in Anna and the King , I ca n't imagine him acting in anything less than Broadway . Director Andy Tennant has done a brilliant job capturing the feel of the time and the majesty of Siam . The photography is breathtaking . I change you to see a film a more visually beautiful . This film is for those who appreciate art . This is a must buy for any collector of fine films .
 You think Chow Yun-Fat 's performance is a surprise ? No no no ... that is just himself . He is as charming as he always is ! Forget about those stupid action movies Chow Yun-fat , this is where you belong
 This rendition of the King and I , entitled , Anna and the King is sooooo wonderful that I have watched it with many guests and I have thoroughly enjoyed it each time . Genuine affection between the characters comes through , and Anna and the King do seem to be real people as the movie progresses !!! Highly recommend this movie . There is one scene where little children might be better off not watching where a fatal punishment is meted out , otherwise it is fine fare for all .
 Truly spectacular love story of an English woman and a king that stays true to the original book . Where the &#34; The King and I &#34; white-washes the brutality of slavery in 19th century Siam , do n't get me wrong-I love the musical , this movie portrays the harsh reality of not obeying the law of the land-the king - and it 's consequences . The scenery is absolutely beautiful and the cinematography captures it very well .
 I consider this better than the Broadway show or the Yul Branner movie . Chow Yun Fat is convincing as the King , and Jodie Foster is as willful as she gets .
 Fans of the movie-musical The King and I , starring Yul Brynner and Deborah Kerr , may find Anna and the King takes them deeper into the connection between Siam 's King Mongkut -LRB- Chow Yun-Fat -RRB- and the widowed English schoolteacher Anna Leonowens -LRB- Jodie Foster -RRB- . Based on Leonowens ' diaries , this film and its script focus attention on subtleties of body language and dialogue to transform a challenging business relationship into a poignant love story . Musical cues in George Fenton 's score and held gazes under Andy Tennant 's direction alert viewers to moments in the gradual intensification of Mongkut 's and Leonowens ' bond . Their shared struggles , sorrows , and triumphs could easily be a part of any couple 's slice-of-life . Anna and the King offers one view of how a woman and a man negotiate their differences and grow together in the process .
 They just do not make movies like this any more ! Supurb !! Lead actors are captivating and the setting is amazing . DVD arrived in perfect condition .
 This is the story of Siam , now Thailand , at the time of the Empire building by England and France . India had already become British , Viet Nam was French Indochina and Burma was under British economic control . This is a more serious movie than the Yule Brenner make called The King and I.This is an entertaining and well done film with a bit of history thrown in . As a fan of Jodie Foster , I found her acting very good as usual .
 This was an amazing and historically compelling interpretation of a loved and familiar story . The quality of the amazon rental was poor , particularly in the beginning , but we either got accustomed to blurry images and forgot about it , or it adjusted after a while . not sure which . Great movie .
 Every girls dream to meet a king , but for me I know for sure I 'm going to meet , dance , and live with the King of kings .
 i 've always been infatuated with history . i used to own this but again it got lost . now i own it for a second time and on dvd this time which makes this movie even better and the screen clearer !
 Hey I seen the movie and been on the movie set . I live in Penang and boy have they changed Penang so that it looks like Siam . Well this picture is better than Entrapment the last film shot in Malaysia . You would probably like to book a ticket to Ipoh , Penang and Langkawi in Malaysia after watching the video . Anyway the sets are still around in Ipoh and Langkawi . There are wedding packages to Anna sets in Ipoh !
 This is my favorite movie and I 've watched it a hundred times . The dvd was in great shape .
 Received this dvd timely . This is now my new favorite movie . Excellent movie ! Really enjoyed the special features such as edited and extended scenes . Great romantic screenplay , music devine . Good history lesson . Very colorful . May buy an extra one just like it .
 I love this movie ! It is beautifully filmed and generally well-acted . The story portrays the cultural and philosophical differences and subsequent personal growth of the characters without being `` preachy '' . It is easily as good as any Jane Austen remake and has better storylines and incredible scenery . The role of king is brilliantly portrayed by Chow Yun Fat and shows the deep and thoughtful wisdom of this leader . Great movie .
 This was a good purchase . I wanted to see it to compare to the King and I. I like it . High quality it came in a reasonable time span .
 This is a great film with different cultures that manage to accept each other ... . just love watching it
 As a remake of `` The King & I '' in a Siam setting , this is beautifully done . All the important!Now I have , and enjoy both , `` The King & I '' and `` Anna & The King '' .
 Anna and the King is a wonderful True movie ! Jodie Foster is a very good actress in this movie . This movie made me laugh , cry and happy !
 This reworking of `` The King & I '' was subject to a roasting by the critics at its theatrical release which reinforces my opinion that professional film critics no zip about `` normal '' people . This is much more than a costume drama , and is actually a better film than that upon which it is based . Jodie Foster delivers a versatile and stunning performance , and is more than ably supported by Chow Yun Fat -LRB- who up until now has been seen mainly in John Woo type thrillers -RRB- . This film is epic in quality with sweeping landscapes , excellent period detail , and acclomplished cinematography rarely seen this year . You will fall in to this movie and enjoy every minute of it , humour , passion , drama and a sturdy script make for 2 hours of real entertainment . You will not be disappointed !
 I went to this movie expecting to dislike it or even hate it because I totally adore the Rogers and Hammerstein musical version . What a wonderful surprise this movie is ! Thorougly gorgeous , majestic , and much more emotionally moving than the musical . -LRB- which I still love , by the way -RRB- I find Yun-Fat Chow to be incredibly believable in his role as King in power , tenderness , and when he is poignantly caught between what his heart wants him to do and what he feels he must do to keep the confidence of his people . I also really enjoyed Jodie Foster much more than I though I would . This movie is GREAT ! I wish that it had received some academy award nominations because it was definitely my favorite movie of the year . If you have n't seen it yet , give it a try . It certainly won my heart over in a BIG way !
 I love this movie!This is a movie rich in the Thai culture . It also portrays the olden Asian culture really well , with men always the better of women and men could have more than one wife.The King had hired an English woman to be the governess of his many children . Anna went to Siam with her young son , but not forgetting to bring her western ideas along . The King , an autocratic figure respected by all , of course , could not accept the different ideas brought in by Anna . There was really a clash of cultures between the two parties but somehow they could compromise with each other . Chow Yun Fat has played the role of the King very well!This movie hooked me to the television screen for the whole length of it . It will make you feel all kinds of emotions like sadness , happiness , anger and you will certainly be touched in certain parts . Overall , a brillant movie for all !
 My wife and I thought the film was very well done . The scenery transports the viewer into an exotic time and place . Details left out of the musical are filled in . Ms. Foster does an admirable job , and seems to enjoy her part . It made me curious about Siam and the circumstances that caused Anna to want to come there .
 An absolutely perfect performance by Chow Yun Fat as the King and a even a somewhat impressive performance by Jodi Foster as Anna . Beautiful settings and great direction combined with the fact that they gave CYF all of the best lines make this one of the BEST films of 1999 , up there with my other favorite , The Green Mile . I recommend that everybody see this gem of american cinema at its finest !
 I have and have watched both Anna and the King of Siam , with Irene Dunn and Rex Harrison and The King and I , with Deborah Kerr and Yul Brenner . Enjoying both of these movies over the years I was n't very enthusiastic about seeing Anna and the King as I felt that a third remake of the same story could not measure up . I was pleasantly surprised to find that Anna and the King not only measured up but surpassed all my expectations . To me it seemed more realistic , as far as character portrayals and I just felt that it was closer to the actual relationship of the two main characters . Jodi Foster , as always gave an excellent portrayal of the hardships of a woman in that period with the task she faced and Chow Yun-Fat , though not as handsome as the previous portrayers of the King was more believable - thouroughly enjoyable !
 This is a movie of quality , and I deeply wish I could have talked my husband into going to see it at the theater -- it deserves a big screen . Hmmmm ... Maybe I 'll buy a bigger TV . This is a visually beautiful , moving , and romantic-without-sappiness film . Men and women both will appreciate its compelling action and passion . And BTW , I thought Jodie Foster 's accent was believable and admirably executed .
 I have seen all of the movies based on this story and this is my favorite . The costumes , the scenery , and the acting was brilliant ! The chemistry between Jodie Foster and Chow Yun-Fat was definitely there . This is what I enjoyed the most . Though there was no physical relationship between the two , they loved each other immensely and respected each other . But , this is n't just a love story , this has a little bit of war in it and a horrible punishment of betrayal . The ending also made me cry ... . it was so moving ! I ca n't wait for the DVD to come out !
 One of my all-time top 10 favorite movies since the start of movies ! Chow Yung Fat steals the show in this sweeping romantic costume epic . Rates right up there with El Cid.I do not think the Oscars did it any justice . Worth seeing by everyone .
 I am sorry to all those who fell this movie is boring or not very good , but in my opionion I would say this movie is very good . This movie is adapted from the not forgotton THE KING AND I . In this movie it is pretty the same plot . Only the story is changed a little bit . For one there is no singing . I wo n't give away everything so I will just say I love the way this movie goes . Anna is an ambitious women who is not afraid to stand up to anyone . She defys all odds . She comes to teach the King 's many childern in school . While she is there she changes the way Siam is and the King of course . As the King 's prime minister said , `` She think she is equal to a man ! '' The King replys , `` No she thinks she is equal to a king . '' Jodie Foster and Chow-Yun-Fat are great together on the screen . The costumes are wonderful!I would say if you love movies that make you feel good this one ! Watch as Anna forever changes the King . And the King changes her .
 `` Anna and The King '' is a wonderful movie filled with heart and soul . Especially if you have watched , `` The King and I '' and have fallen in love with the way the king says `` etc , etc , etc. . . '' , you will definitely fall in love with this movie as well.Jodie Foster looks beautiful in her English gown and Chow-Yun Fat and the rest of the crew looks absolutely brilliant in the Siamese outfits.The scenes shot in Malaysia are breath-taking and it makes you want to visit the country , itself.The search for the white elephant at the end of the movie with the kids of the king is very inspiring .
 I have just watched this Region 1 DVD two days ago , it had so much extra things that you ca n't enjoy in the normal cinema . The view is superb ! The Director Commentary was excellent , he told you how exactly the whole movie was made in each scenes , very interesting to hear him tell you how he filmed it , and the honost review of some historical facts of this movie , and some funny incidents too , such as Jodie slipped down in one part . He also mentioned a lot of Jodie Foster 's contribution to this movie.Get to see the interviews of Jodie and Chow Yun-Fat , the two amasing stars of this movie . The special introduction to production and custome design , where the Oscar Nominated actually did justified on the two most important extra element of this movie.The deleted scenes were wonderful to watch , anyway , I think Jodie Fans would be interested to watch for the first time Jodie acted an old age lady . Chow Yun-Fat fans would love to watch more of the charming king.For those who do not want to listen to the Thai , only in this DVD Region 1 collection , you have a choice to select only English to view the movie . Watch out on the DVD you get , in other regions DVD of this movie did not have all the extra features that I had mention , nor any of the pirated DVD would have that extra features too . Get the Region 1 `` Anna and the King '' DVD for your collection .
 Chow , making like a monarch , is one of the main reasons to watch Anna and the King , a lavish old-fashioned epic sporting a veneer of political correctness about cultural and economic differences.Arriving in Bangkok for her new job as a teacher to the King 's children , English widow Anna Leonowens -LRB- Foster -RRB- snootily proclaims , `` The ways of England are the ways of the world . '' But she soon comes to appreciate local customs as well as the local ruler.The mutual attraction between the two , is more clearly articulated here than in earlier versions -LRB- 1946 's Anna and the King of Siam with Irene Dunne and Rex Harrison ; a 1956 Rodgers and Hammerstein musical , The King and I , with Deborah Kerr and Yul Brynner -RRB- , goes a bit further than a slow dance and a caress on a cheek . These subtle romantic nuances , including sexual tension on the beach , gentle clasping of victorious hands , even ardent stares -- steam up the screen almost as much as Siam 's unpredictable humid weather.Chow , the Hong Kong-born star who slightly washed out in his first American movie , The Replacement Killers , exudes sly sexiness and charisma here , despite those unflattering , short-pants costumes . Playing Mongkut , the 19th-century emperor of Siam , Chow does for costar Foster what even Richard Gere could n't do in 1993 's Sommersby
 How typical . Hollywood , or rather , the public has never embraced a film with a cohesive plot , and it does n't surprise me that Anna & the King , a film version of the popular musical , was a box office failure . Despite the fact that it was overlooked in the big screen , Anna & the King is one of the best films I have seen in a while.Jodie Foster 's portrayal of Anna is admirable -- I could n't have chosen a better leading actress for the role . Also , I enjoyed Chow Yon-Fat 's performance as the king ; he is very gifted and charming . Foster and Yon-Fat have very strong chemistry , although some people have said that they do n't . I like the nineteenth century backdrop of the film ; it is done beautifully . I also like the political and cultural issue -- I enjoy films with an intelligent dialogue . I have never seen the musical , which means that I can not make a comparison.As I 've already mentioned , the public has never embraced an intelligent film , which saddens me . If you 're into artsy films , rent Anna & the King .
 Usually all the Hollywood movies are English speaking films . Like `` The Last Emperor '' , it 's seems that every Chinese can speak excellent English . In this film , every dialougue in English is reasonable . No English between Thais . It 's a remarkable improvement . In `` Chasing the Red October '' , There 's no reason for the Russians talk to each others in English especially the beginning of the movie they are talking in Russian . Today in US or elsewhere , Chinese would only speak in Chinese to their Chinese friends even they can speak good English.The director take everything in serious . That makes the movie seems closer to the reality than any other Anna films before . We can compare it with the unforgettable `` The longest day '' and '' Tora Tora Tora '' that the different languages used in the films makes them a trusted documentary-feel movies . Just compared the `` Tora Tora Tora '' and `` The War of Mid-way Island '' you can see the different between a Hollywood Classics and a Hollywood productions . `` Anna and the King '' has got the ambition to be another Hollywood Classics and they nearly made it . The only thing upsets the film lovers is they do n't get any Important Academy Awards last years . `` Doctor Zhivago '' did n't take any important Oscars , but it still took 7 minor ones . And what 's `` Anna and the King '' gets?Though I expect Jodie Foster for more , she has already done a great Job . The feeling is similar to when I bought John Lennon 's `` Double Fantasy '' in 80 before his death . I did n't like the album , cos ' I expected for more . However , it became one of my favourite album for I know I did n't accept a more human John Lennon when I listened to the album at the first time . For `` Anna and the King '' . I did n't like the performance of Jodie at the first time . And after I watch it again , I find that Jodie is not Jodie , she is Anna . Anna is not any role Jodie act before -LRB- maybe the first middle age role for Jodie -RRB- . What she handled about the deep passion between Anna and the King is so well that she really came to another class of Art . The love without physical touch is so hard to perform and both Jodie and Chow Yun-Fat has done a perfect work . You can recognise their love only through their eyes . No touch , no kiss and even no words of promises , however , we find what we call `` Eternal Love '' . There 's no surprise for me to find how well Chow Yun-Fat performs in the movie . I saw every TV programmes and movies by him -LRB- He 's not just a Action Hero -RRB- . He performed perfect even in some really Bad films . If you like his performance , try the coming `` The Crouching Tigers and Hidden Dragon '' and you 'll love it . The film has already shown in Hong Kong and it 's another Classics in the movie history.Besides the excellent performance of the actors , everything in the movie is close to perfect . It 's worth to see the movie just for the rebulit of the Palace and the wardrobe . I would like to give 4 and a half stars for the movie .
 When I sat down with this movie , I was definatley unprepared for how it woud affect me . In short , I can honestley say I 've never seen a movie this good . `` Anna and the King '' has everything , ` something for everyone ' , to coin a cliche-it 's funny , dramatic , has plenty of war casualties for the guys , and at the heart of it all is an beautiful , aching unrequited love . Never have I felt such chemistry between actors or characters on a screen . This is a film that absolutley consumes the veiwer from beginning to end , leaving you happy and hollow all at the same time . When `` Anna '' first came out , it was touted as the ` biggest historical epic since ` Titanic ' '' but `` Anna and the King '' blows ` Titanic ' and basiclly every other movie I 've ever seen out of the water ! Do yourself a favor and see this .
 This is a masterful piece of filmmaking that over romanticizesa true story to improve its entertainment value . However , thegenerous use of artistic license can be almost completely forgiven because the final product is so pleasing . Director Andy Tennant weaves together resplendent visual images , wonderfully warm lighting , magnificent set design , breathtaking locations and beautiful costumes to produce a banquet of sensory delight . I 'm surprised this film did n't get more technical awards , since it was one of the most exhilarating filmmaking experiences I had all year.The story was engaging , though admittedly the characters were overly idealized . This is especially true of King Mongkut , who was far more educated , dashing and genteel than it would have been reasonable to expect . Also , the romantic overtones between him and Anna were a bit much . But the way they were presented enhanced the overall effect so I have difficulty being too critical.The story also had some constructive subtleties . In addition to the obvious storylines about the education of the children , the effect Anna was having on the King and the impending war , there was a deeper message . It illustrated the truism that exposure to different peoples and cultures can help us to grow in understanding not only of them , but of ourselves as well . For it was clear that Anna was as much changed by Siam and the King as he and the children were by her.I was highly impressed with the performance turned in by Yun-Fat Chow . His English is much improved since my last viewing of him in ` Replacement Killers ' and ` The Corruptor ' . He imbued King Mongkut with dignity and strength without forsaking the human side . The camera just eats him up . It is easy to see why he has been the dominating force in eastern films for years.Jodie Foster , on the other hand , was off her game . She was good as Anna , but frankly , we 've come to expect more from her . Foster is a powerful actor who did n't seem quite sure what to do with this character . In some scenes she rose to the occasion and gave us the Anna we hoped for ; resolute , defiant , opinionated and principled . At other times she seemed tentative and totally intimidated by the role , just limping through her lines . I give her high marks for her English accent , but her total performance just was n't up to her capabilities.This was one of the most entertaining and delightful films I 've seen this year . Yes , liberties were taken but I am inclined to overlook them . It was beautifully filmed and directed ; a feast for the senses . I rated it a 9/10 . I highly recommend it .
 If you like Oscar and Hammerstein 's The King and I , be aware that this is different . Jodie Foster may have trouble with the English accent , but I think only she could fulfill the part of the lovely , but lonely school teacher Anna . Chow Yun Fat shines in his role as King Mongkut of Siam . Together they make a love story that streches across the world . Could it be possible that two different people from two different world 's could find out that they 're hearts are forever intwined with each other ? Should they think of the social concept of husband / wife in the 1860 's , or follow they 're hearts ? A true love story for any age , and a great family film .
 After losing her husband in the jungle of India , Anna Leonowens embarks in a journey that will take her to Siam , where she will tutor the oldest son of King Mongkut . Her son , Louis , and two Hindu servants accompany her in this new endeavor . As soon as Anna sets foot in Bangkok , the difference between cultures surges as a predominant element that will remain present throughout the story . Even though the start is rocky , with Anna being called `` Sir '' for misogynist reasons and not being given the house she was promised but accommodation in the palace instead , the king discovers quickly the value of this woman that acts very different from what he is used to . That is why he decides that instead of tutoring his oldest son , she will be in charge of teaching all of his children ... all 58 of them!The movie evolves around three clear themes . First , the clash of cultures , which is enlightening and entertaining and as the movie evolves so does the acceptance and admiration each of the characters show for the positive points of the other 's culture . Second , the relationship between Anna and the king , which starts as annoyance , moves to respect and continues developing from there . Third , the political atmosphere , which is characterized by attacks to Siamese people by Burmese armies , suspected to be supported by no other than the British Empire -LRB- the events unfold in 1862 -RRB- . Although the movie is rather long , the events unfold at a pace that keeps the viewer interested at all times . The music fits the mood of the action perfectly well , and in the proper scenes it is so uplifting that it steals the attention of the viewer . Jodie Foster delivers a well-rounded role , but in my opinion the performance of Chow Yun-Fat is at a higher level . Finally , the scenery and the palaces where the movie develops are absolutely amazing.Overall this is a highly enjoyable movie that will leave you thinking for a while about how every culture has its positive aspects and how , with a little patience , everyone can learn to appreciate this .
 Brilliant . The plots and pictures are close to perfect except the fact that the real palace looks better than in the movie , and the ship looks better than the ship in the movie . As a Thai citizen , it should be better if people in the movie could speak Thai better since there are some words which I still do not understand even it is my language . I would have to say that Chow Yun Fat is very successful in this movie . The costume is great -LRB- almost close to the real costume during that time period -RRB- . Jodie Foster is doing fine . However , I thought the movie is exaggerating the realities about the love between King and Anna just because during that time a few British came to my country . British people look strange to Thai people , so I do not believe that much in love plot which probably makes the movie a bit more interesting . This is the best movie I have seen in this year ! ... and it should be considered the best movie . Another good movie is Broken Palace . The movie is also about Thailand . Both of them are in the same rating .
 Everything about this movie is amazing ... the cinematography , the acting , the plot , the costumes , setting , and the music . But the most powerful thing about this movie is that it shows what can happen when two truth seekers ... even from different cultures , races and belief systems ... respect each other and humble themselves to listen to and learn from each other . It also demonstrates the positive impact one person can make on entire group of people when he or she is willing to shine the light they have been given with others . What makes it even more powerful is that it is based on fact . AMAZING MOVIE ! I watch year after year with my Logic students and the conversation it stimulates is always great . I highly recommend ANNA AND THE KING .
 I got the old version of this movie and had a hard time wading through all the music . This is done excellently .
 This is the most beautiful of all the Anna and the King movies ever made and I saw the first one with Yul Brenner on stage 57 years ago .
 I ordered this movie for my cousin for Christmas . It arrived on time & in excellent condition . The price is excellent & they enjoyed it ? Ordering was easy .
 Chow Yun Fat and Jodie Foster were really great together in this movie . As it is based on a true story.A good 2 stars ahead of &#34; The King & I &#34; .
 This is so well made with the best actors . I bought this DVD lot replace a VHS because I want this for a long time .
 They just do n't make them like this anymore , and this is a remake . I ca n't think of another I like as much . This one is even better than the original -LRB- gasp -RRB- The King and I , in my opinion , but only because I never thought they would find anyone as great as Yul Brynner ...
 A really good movie , but not great . I still enjoy watching it from time to time .
 Anna & the King is a great movie . The Violence is A BIT MUCH . But the Cast Makes Up for it.Jodie Foster is A great Actresse ! She Should reprise her role in HANNIBAL . Anna And The King
 Jodie Foster adds even more integrity to this one of my favorites . Anna was trully a remarkable woman . Not only brave , but as the king rightly said , `` equal to the king . . ''
 Having seen the stage production as a kid and enjoying the Yul Brynner version movie , I was pleasantly surprised how good the re-make was . Slight deviations here and there but all added to the enjoyment of the movie . It is well worth adding to the video library .
 I had seen the musical version of this story , both on stage and on film , many times before I saw this version . This version , starring Jodie Foster , is a visual treat . The scenery and costumes are beautiful , and all of the cast are perfect in their roles . The king is much more human than in the musical . Especially touching is his reaction to the death of his favorite child . I enjoyed this movie so much that I decided to read the actual book written by Anna after her years in Siam . I learned that this version is the most historically accurate one . I had been waiting for this movie to broadcast on TV but it never seemed to be aired in my area . When I saw it for sale at a very good price on Amazon , I decided to buy it so I can watch it again .
 I am a big movie buff , I have seen a lot of films and i enjoy sharing my thoughts about them with other internet users.Some of my favourite movies include , Bridget Jones 's Diary with Rennee Zellwegger , Happy Texas , Erin Brokoviche , The Silence of the lambs -LRB- with Hannibal Lecter portrayed masterfully by British actor Sir Anthony Hopkins -RRB- and Anna and the King . This is also the film that i am writing this review about . Jodie Foster takes the lead role in this true story about a British women employed by the King of Siam -LRB- now Thialand -RRB- to tutor his children -LRB- of which he has over 100 ! -RRB- in the process , they fall in love but do not realise it.The film , set in around about 1860 , is acted wonderfully by Foster -LRB- Anna Leonowens -RRB- and Chow Yun Fat -LRB- King of Siam -RRB- and it really makes you feel like you are there in-amoungst the people of Siam . The story of Anna has benn acted out many times before -LRB- The King and I , Anna and the king of Siam ... -RRB- But in my opinion none of them match up to Foster 's and Fat 's breathtaking performance . I would rate this film 5/5 . If you have ` nt seen then i would strongly recomend it .
 Ignore the critics and see for yourself what a wonderful , truly lovely story and movie this really was . Set against the backdrop of what is now Thailand , this beautiful story unfolds of star-crossed lovers whose sheer passion , respect , and admiration for each and their inability to display it makes this story all the more compelling . A must see for any true romantic !
 Anna and the King is beautifully set in Malaysia where most of the movie was filmed . The actors , Jodie Foster and Chow Yun-Fat were extraordinary . You could feel the passion the characters had for one another which made the movie an emotional journey as well . I thought this movie was very much underrated and I feel the critics oversaw the main point of the movie , to entertain . When I 'm entertained for the length of a movie , I 've gotten my money 's worth and more !
 This has to be one of the best versions of Margaret Landon 's book that was published in 1944 from Anna Leonowen 's accounts from her regarding her teaching in Siam -LRB- Thailand -RRB- as a royal school teacher . The other two that I had previous seen over the years were good but somewhere a long the line I did n't enjoy it as much as this one . I do n't know probably they found the right place to film the movie , got the sets well presented , the costumes where thoroughly researched and the storyline seem to have been taken into context out of the book instead of it just wondering off dancing or singing whatever I saw in the King and I.Jodie Foster was a great actor in this movie , she was perfect for the role and we could see the emotional side of her which made it more dramatic and not as light-hearted as I though it was supposed to be . There was a seriousness in the air but over all I really liked the role that she played . Chow Yun Fat also played a great king with great expression involved and the manner in speaking as well his Thai I found pretty sharp and good too . However in real life the king would have been around about 60s years old when Anna came to teach the royal court . King Mongkut would n't have been this young since he spent most of his life in the monastry and only became king at a late age when his brother died leaving the throne to him . The wives and concubines of the kings were dressed in the exact costumes that I have seen in old photographs in Thailand , therefore showing thorough search and studies went through to try and get everything as accurate as possible . I enjoyed the princes and princess dressed in their court clothes which was very pleasing and wonderful enjoyable.The beginning of the movie was enough , I knew that his movie was going to be better than the others I have seen . The streets with all the busy people , the elephants and the scene where they move from the lower part of the city towards the roofs of houses where you can see the Royal Palace of Bangkok was execellent . Bai Ling playing the role of Tuptim was excellent and she was a very sad character at times but in the trial she was fierce and expressed her other side which was hidden from view showing what she believed in.Overall this movie will make you want to get a box of tissues to wipe your eyes and other times it 's serious with a few high-hearted scenes . This is excellent and I wonder if they are going to make another version of this in years to come ??? I do n't know but I know this will be centre of the stage for a long time before it 's replaced . This has lightened and gave a different perception of the movie from the other two which seems to be more focused on Anna and not those all around her .
 Chow Yun-Fat has often been referred to as ` Hong Kong action star ' , and people have been surprised that he puts in such a great performance in a dramatic role in `` Anna and the King '' . Let 's get the record straight
 Most of us do recall the exuberant performance of Yul Brynner , and for decades , the deprecatory King and I stood for the backwardness of new Asia . True , Andy Tennant `` exploited '' history as much as Anna Leonowens ; yet as Tennant pierces the mist of Bangkok to reveal a revolutionary monarch , the plot matters little . It 's all about characters in this lavish drama , rich with colors and detailed characterization . Despite critics 's doubts of Foster 's accent and occasional chafe in the role , the new mother is radiant in the role of Anna . Foster 's techniques truly add a shade of credibility to the story -- however ficticious it may be . Chow Yun-Fat , on the other hand , is hailed as the only thing brilliant about this movie by cynics and zealots alike . This god of actors , summons forth such compassion and power behind his subtlety
 I have always been a fan of `` The King and I , '' and I sat down to watch `` Anna and the King '' wondering if it could possibly measure up . It did . I found a reality and an emotional depth in this movie that barely make an appearance in `` The King and I. `` Jodie Foster is both capable and appealing in her role as Anna Leonowens , and she brings a touch of endearing human flaw to a character that I 've always seen as lovably infallible . Chow Yun-Fat is strong as a king and touching as a father . Although some have said that the chemistry was not quite there , I found it more believable because of its slight awkwardness.This is a long movie , but I did n't find it hard to sit through . It 's not a movie that everyone will love , but it would be well worth it for anyone to at least try it out .
 In 1951 , songwriters Rodgers and Hammerstein premiered their Broadway hit `` The King and I '' - a fantastical tale about King Mongkut of Siam and the tutor , Anna Leonowens , who taught all 39 of his wives and 82 of his children . In 1956 , a musical film version of the play was adapted for the screen starring Yul Brynner and Deborah Kerr . A television show and two more films have kept this story alive for more than 50 years . The subject of Anna and her king has in essence become its own modern theme , one that has knitted itself into the threads of even more modern stories than you could ever imagine.ANNA AND THE KING uses this theme in a non-musical version of `` The King and I '' starring two-time Academy Award-winning actress and international star Chow Yun-Fat . Our knowledge of Siam 's history during the reign of King Mongkut comes partly from Anna Leonowens memoirs of that time entitled `` The English Governess at the Siamese Court
 Amazing is the SCOPE of this movie ! Amazing is the lack of interest by the award-givers ! Having spent some time in the Orient , I was thrilled by the filming and sets of the production ... in fact , from the moment the movie started and the music began , I was holding my breath ! I think Jodie Foster has the `` stiff upper lip '' DOWN , and Chow Yun-Fat is the best King yet ... This movie takes you through the gauntlet of emotion ; you want to laugh , sing , cry , and kill the dirty rotton traitor Alak ! In my opinion , this is the hallmark of a GREAT story , and a great movie . My husband agreed -LRB- after seeing it the first time -RRB- that this was one to own . In fact , walking out of the theater there was - silence - until the lady in front of me turned and said `` WOW ! ''
 Not only was this the best movie to come out last year , it is one of the best movies of all times . I was disappointed in the box-office response , but I just think back to how badly Dr. Zhivago was accepted during its theatrical run , only to become one of the greatest and most loved films of all times . And Anna and the King ranks right up there with Dr. Zhivago . A brilliant , beautiful movie .
 `` The King and I '' was a fabulous movie . `` Anna and the King '' is also a fabulous movie . Yes , this can be true ! In some ways -LRB- and I only dare write this because I 'm staying anonymous -- judging from certain reactions , some people might want to come after me -RRB- `` Anna and the King '' is better than `` The King and I. '' It does a better job of taking you away to a faraway but very real place , and leaving you breathless for the entire movie . The chemistry between the leads was so real you could almost feel it , and I did n't find any of the subplots distracting . In the end , although they are based on the same basic story , these are two very different movies . I would recommend watching both .
 This movie though did not made a hit in the US box office , but in February 2000 , it already broke US100 millions in world wide box office , it was well received by the rest of the world . I had a reveiw written earlier at this section . Now I would like to add that after I went to see the actual film location in ClearWater Santuarty in Ipoh , Malaysia . That was the location which the filming went on for 2 months in the world largest single movie set . It was great to see that actual set with so much effort put into the set . Even with some of the thing is falling apart but the set gave you breath-taking impression , it was so great , just like the movie itself.I went to the set 3 times with my students , friends and relatives and they all love it , luckily the set now is on the process of restoration . Yet the palace temple set was gone due to technical problem , so we could only see it from the movie.I had bought the original VCD of this movie , it was so excellent ! You get to see the detail to the sets and gestures of all the actors and actresses . From the VCD collection , you can clearly see the chemistry between Jodie Foster and Chow Yun-Fat , you have to watch carefully because they acted so naturally that you might missed the small gestures they made . They and all the supporting actors and actresses from Malaysia looked great together.Last Dec. , the current Thai Queen had officially made statesment that she had no objection to this movie only two parts needed minor editing , a contrast to the Thai government officers . The King newphew was surprised that this movie even bowed down to made the King Mongkut as a hero , he knew that no Thai officers dare to step forward to clarigy this . I had the original production script which shown that after the 5th editing in Thailand , they further edited at least 3 times of this script which clearly giving more depth to this movie . As a Malaysian with a grandmother from Thailand , I found this movie had a good social and cultural content . I am looking forward to collect the DVD version .
 When I got this I really was n't expecting much . I have seen the King and I so many times I thought Anna and the King would be just like that without music . Let me tell you it is so much better . Chow Yun-Fat 's preformace is really outstanding and Jodie Foster is great . What really makes the movie is the chemisty between them . It is just such a romantic movie . The cinamotography was really exceptional as well . This movie is well worth the money .
 This is a wonderful love story , no ... a gorgeously photographed historical epic , no ... a timeless tale of honor and bravery and the fight for freedom amidst turmoil and social pressures.I was drawn into the story slowly , rooting for the spunky British widow as she faces new challenges , relating to the king as he attempts to work change in an ancient culture . Both , on the surface , seem headed for disappointment -- and , indeed , they do go through their own crucibles of faith -- but their inner resolve and growing attraction to eachother spur them forward , spur them to eventual realization of their dreams , in part.Chow Yun-Fat blew me away with his soft-handed portrayal of a king trying to make the turn into a new era . He continually struggles with his duties , his expectations , and his genuine desire to bring peace and change . He portrays the necessary strength of a king while drawing us in with his heartwarming character . A subtly superb job of acting.Jodie Foster , a favorite of mine from childhood , also pulls off her role as British school marm and widow . At times , I found myself so aware of her intense acting ability that I was momentarily reminded that this was all an act . She 's that good -- and for that reason , I felt she stylized a shade too much at points . But what can I say ? She 's amazing.The photography alone could make this film worth seeing , but it beats with a human heart and it speaks of values and lessons that are as timeless as ... well , as ancient Siam . Without pulling punches , without taming the tragedies , Tennant directs this movie straight at your heart and mind . And he connects.This movie is worth every one of its 127 minutes .
 Since I am a Deaf person who has to wait for the movies to come out on video , I could hardly wait for this one to come out . I read the biography of Anna when I was a young woman and was very impressed with her courage . Though of course I enjoyed the musical when I had more hearing , this video is closer to the reality of the story , the times and politics which were involved in the colonization of the Far East by France , England , and eventually the US . It may not be the happy story everyone prefers to think of , but it is a story of courage and learning on both sides of the equation . To an extent this movie may have blown up the story between Anna and the King of Siam ... we do n't know what they felt for each other besides great respect , and it is ridiculous to speculate on it . However , the cholera rampant in that area during monsoon season is still a reality in many places , and the sympathy between the characters is probably real . I thoroughly enjoyed the beauty of Malaysia where this was filmed , and though it was a different part for Jodie Foster to play , I felt she handled it well . Reality in life I guess , is n't what the masses want . I would suggest those who were disappointed in this realistic version of the story in comparison to the musical with Deborah Kerr and Yul Brynner go find the original book written about her in the library and read it . I thought this was a great and educated movie . Karen Sadler , Science Education , University of Pittsburgh
 I have always loved the story of Anna and the king , and so I was very excited when this movie came out . I went to see it almost as soon as it was released in theaters , and I have to say that I definitely was n't disappointed . It was so well done that you 'd think it was actually filmed in long-ago Siam . The scenery and costumes are amazing ! As for the plot , it never dragged and I was almost on the edge of my seat the whole time . -LRB- Whether I was agonizing over their little romance or wondering what was going to happen to the country ... -RRB- After I was through watching it , I wanted to go right back and watch it again ! I highly recommend it to anyone .
 This is an absolutely beautiful film - a feast for the eyes . Chow Yun-Fat is excellent and the story is lots of fun . This and the Sixth Sense were my two favorite movies of 1999 !
 This second remake of the 1946 film `` Anna And The King Of Siam '' -LRB- the first being the musical `` The King And I '' starring Deborah Kerr & Yul Brynner -LSB- reprising his role from the Broadway play written by Rodgers & Hammerstein -RSB- -RRB- stars two time Academy Award winner Jodie Foster -LRB- Best Actress `` The Accused '' & Best Actress `` Silence Of The Lambs '' -RRB- and Chow Yun-Fat -LRB- `` The Replacement Killers '' -RRB- and is directed by Andy Tennant -LRB- `` Ever After
 Anna and the King is a beautiful , captivating story that is surprisingly only remotely similar to the musical `` The King and I '' . It has a much deeper storyline , and best yet , is NOT a musical . For historical sticklers , however , this is still nothing like what really happened , which was far less spectacular than this very entertaining movie .
 This is one of my favorite movies.I love Biographies and when I found out this was based on a true story , I had to check it out and do some reading up on the characters and it was pretty much on.Excellent cast and beautiful settings.Director spent allot of time and money to make it for our pleasure.I give it 5 stars.Watching the behind scenes commentary only makes you appreciate the movie even more.Hats off to the cast and crew
 I think this movie was better then the other movies that are the same thing just a little diffrent . This movie was good but Jodie Foster did not do as good in this movie as I had hopped she would not that I am a big fan of hers anyway but still .
 Jodie Foster 's performances in Little Man Tate , Contact , etc. pushed me to see Anna and the King in the theater , and although I think the military aspect of the movie was not quite feasible and extremeley predictable , I thought the excellent acting , beautiful scenery , and beautiful personal story more than made up for it . -LRB- Think of movies like Twister , where the special effects make up for the poor plot-this has much more ! -RRB- What a breath of fresh air to fall in with the gentle love story of this film after the sexy and uninhibited styles of so many others . This film is excellent ... if the action side of it had been better , I would have given it five stars , but as is it still deserves four .
 THE SHORT OF IT
 Having read the book and seen several versions of the musical on film and on stage , and being a true lover of the story of Anna Leonowens ' experiences as teacher to the children of the King of Siam , I can honestly say that this is the most beautiful rendering of this tale I have yet to see . Whether or not she got the accent right -LRB- it really does n't matter -RRB- , Jodie Foster delivers a stunning performance as Anna , and the actor -LRB- I 'm sorry , but I do n't remember his name -RRB- who portrays the king is every bit as good as Jodie . This film captures the true emotions of the king and Anna as they struggle with the impossible attraction they have for each other and the frustration they feel at trying to comprehend one another 's cultures . Definitely worth purchasing on DVD , as this film is visually magnificent .
 Whatever creative links truly exist we think of the 1999 film `` Anna the King '' as a dramatic version of `` The King and I , '' which was a musical version of the 1946 film `` Anna and the King of Siam , '' which was inspired by the diaries of Anna Leonowens . Now , it turns out that Anna Leonowens , who was hired to tutor the children of the king of Siam in 1862 , greatly embellished her adventures in her celebrated book . She was neither a governess nor an advisor to the king , her late husband was a desk clerk and not a military officer , and she made up the lurid stories about the king throwing wives into dugeons and the public torture and burning of a consort and the monk she loved . Of course , history rarely matters to Hollywood and in this case the idea of a romance between Anna and the King overwhelms everything else.The real King Mongkut of Siam was about 60 years old when Anna arrived to teach English to the king 's children -LRB- you can easily find photographs of him on the web -RRB- , which would be the final blow to thoughts of romance if all those wives , concubines , public executions , and pagan believes did not turn off any widowed Englishwoman employed in his palace . But despite its flaws `` The King and I '' is a pretty good romance ; the scene where Yul Brynner dances with Deborah Kerr is one the sexiest scenes in Hollywood history -LRB- watch how they look at each other after the dance finishes -RRB- and there is no profit to be made in trying to convince a modern audience that this story is not a romance . We might have a more accurate view of George Custer at the Little Bighorn , but we cling to our romanticized vision of `` Anna and the King . `` This is a gorgeous film . The story may well distort the cultural history of what is now Thailand , but the film can certainly inspire you to want to visit . Yun-Fat Chow plays the King as a figure refined enough to tempt Anna , who is played by Jodie Foster . Ironically enough , in this version of the tale , which seeks to present King Mongkut as more cultured and civilized than ever , Anna 's prejudicial views stand out more than ever . Every time she stands up to the king , ask yourself if she would really do the same thing to Queen Victoria . She might be a woman but she is an Englishwoman , not to mention a Christian , and that pretty much settles everything.Ultimately , two things distinguish this version of the story . The first is that Anna undergoes much more of a transformation that the King this time around . The person who benefits most from her presence is Prince Chulalongkorn -LRB- Keith Chin -RRB- , heir to the thrown , and most of that education is implied rather than shown . In fact , there are several scenes that make it clear the King is smarter than Anna ; his problem is more than of pride than anything else . In the major subplot involving Tuptim -LRB- Ling Bai -RRB- , Anna only makes things worse from start to finish . The second is that the political problems of Mongkut and his kingdom are considerably more serious . Troops from Burma are crossing the border and killing Siamese . This raises the possibility of war , but since Burma is under the protection of the British , the stakes are pretty high . The end result is that more than ever before , Anna gets to be the salvation of the King and the nation of Siam -LRB- i.e. , Thailand banned `` The King and I '' and they will ban this film too -RRB- . `` Anna and the King '' is a beautiful film , but does not touch the heart the way a true romance should . In fact , the heart of the film is in the affection of the king for his youngest daughter , Princess Fa-Ying -LRB- Melissa Campbell -RRB- , who truly touches him in a way no other person does . Director Andy Tennant captured magic with `` Ever After , '' but this film ends up missing the mark . It has Anna , the King , and even dancing , but this time around it is not enough .
 Writing coach Jerry Cleaver writes that a good story is one that gets to you , one where you identify with the main character , feel what they feel . Well , this story sure got to me . Anna 's character was written so that while I could n't identify with her at the beginning , I certainly could at the end . Unfortunately , I understand the frustrations of a forbidden love only too well.In spite of the unbearable tension , I personally am glad they never kissed . But even after replaying it several times , it 's hard to figure out , though , when the turning point was in their relationship . The King indirectly referred to Anna as `` friend '' during the banquet , so I knew Anna had his respect by then , but when did it become more ? Hm.This is a movie with incredible sets and an incredible setting , with wonderful costuming , and the CGI work is jawdropping ! In the director 's commentary , Andy Tennant describes a scene with Chow Yun Fat -LRB- `` Fattie '' -RRB- and Jodie Foster , noting they were n't even in the same room together because each cutaway shot was done on different days ! What a shock , too , to learn that the rocket scene was totally computerized ! I love learning about the filmmaking process!Former child actor Jodie Foster has earned my respect . Tenant said they wanted Kate Winslet to play Anna at first , but there 's obviously nothing a voice coach and professionalism ca n't accomplish with a lot of hard work . That goes for all the actors , none of whom spoke their native languages.Chow Yun-Fat , being Chinese , spoke neither Thai nor much English , but had to learn both for this movie . To my mind , that 's genius . I understand this was his first and thusfar only dramatic role -LRB- he 's known in his country for comedies and martial arts films -RRB- . If more non-comedic and non-martial arts roles for Asians ever become available , this should open big doors for him . He 's a fantastic leading man -- I thought he was gorgeous , and I 'll take him over ANY European-American actor any day.Bai Ling , who plays the doomed concubine Tuptim , gives just a powerful , powerful performance , and has to perform throughout the movie without any hair.I have to give director Andy Tennant his props , too . This beautiful film has me interested in his other films . I want to see if he does this kind of work on a regular basis or is this just a wonderful fluke.The children were just adorable , especially the little one who was the King 's favorite . Difficult to watch her die , but such was life back then . There are things even a king ca n't control.I could n't stand The King and I ; I found it terribly racist , like a lot of what came out of Hollywood back then . I was hoping for a more intelligently done movie that more realistically depicted what Thailand was like back then , and I personally am grateful to see a king that does n't look like Mr. Clean , and does n't kill himself just because he lost a white woman.I highly recommend watching the outtakes and watching the movie with the director 's commentary . It really makes the story make sense after you know some background.This is one I 'd buy in a heartbeat . I understand this did n't do well at the box office , but I 'd relish the chance to see it for the first time on the big screen .
 I thought that this film was very beautiful in content ... this film had some real substance to it , and the actors did an excellent job in the portrayal of the characters involved ... lovely story ...
 I saw this movie when I was eighteen . At that time , I learned about Oriental history , and knew that Thai is the only sovereign nation in Southeast Asia . I wonder how such a small country its independence and it could be solved while I saw Anna & King.At first , it is malvelous to me that Chinese famous actor and American actress appear on the same movie . But they are very good pair in the movie , and I come to think they 're a wonderful couple.A custom peculiar to Thai is another joy to the viewer . We can also see Malfoy -LRB- ` Harry Potter ' -RRB- 's childhood . -LRB- He is Anna 's son . -RRB- ^ ^
 Excellent service in the process of get it and excellent quality or the product . I got it realy fast.Thanks!Federico
 As much as i loved deborah kerr and yul brenner in Anna and the King of Siam , thiis rendition is a whole different and excellent drama . Jodie Foster is fantastic , and the King is elegant , regal , and sexy . The attraction between them is tangible , and their individual reactions well done . The story goes further than the Broadway play or the movie , what happens is both terrifying and heartbreaking . it is more than worth the money and can be watched again and again .
 This movie is beautifully told . I do n't like the worship of Buddah ; -LRB- but other than that -RRB- the movie was excellent . I enjoy watching it over and over . You can tell that were really in love with each other and it couldnever be .
 I had seen this movie many times and could not find the DVD in a couple of local Wal-Marts . I went to Amazon and the DVD was there with a few sites to order from . The shipment arrived in a very timely manner .
 This movie has everything a good movie requires . It has a story , plot , action , good character development , excellent photography , emotion . My dad says this movie might be more true to the history of Thailand -LRB- Siam back then -RRB- than the musical . But most of you say the romance part never happened . Anyway , I love this movie . This movie is more action packed than Ever After -LRB- Another good movie from same director -RRB- . The photography is superb . I first saw it when I rented it on VHS . I on the DVD version of it . I give the DVD 3 & 1/2 stars . The extras are okay , I like the making of Anna and the King . The music video is okay . Other than that the extras are n't all they could be . But the DVD offers the best thing it could have on it , the movie . Rent it or buy it , and Enjoy . You will not be dissapointed .
 I went to see this movie with my wife , and loved it . Although many men would consider this a `` chick flick '' , it had everything that makes a movie great -LRB- love , intrigue , action , adventure , etc. I would recomend this movie for anyone , especially couples to enjoy a movie together .
 This movie was overall a pleasure to watch . I learned a lot about the political background of that time period , and of the king and his motives for inviting the teacher . The acting was excellent , as well as the cinematography . There was some violence , so I would caution showing this to younger children . It showed some dead bodies hanging from trees , beheadings , and another small part with killing.The one problem I had with this movie , however , is the same problem I had with ` The King and I ' , starring Yule Brennar
 I have the Disney version of this with Yul Brenner . Love them both . Hard to go wrong with Jodie Foster , anyway . She is brilliant - and exceptionally talented . All the actors do a great job in this . Worth every penny .
 I recommend this purchase , It was a very pleasant surprise . I expected something similar to an older version of this movie which I also liked very much but never purchased . The actors , scenery and everything about was great .
 Andy Tennent the Director of Ever After could not have made a better follow up movie than Anna and the King . Jodi Foster and Chow Yun-Fat had suprisingly wonderful chemistry and were perfectly cast in their parts . This version IS the best because it went beyond the romance and showed the cultural differences and why it could n't be . It showed the passion of both Anna and King Mongkut , but it showed that the King had to lead his nation and not think of his heart . The film also showed who important the children were to the both of them . The film is a lavish , gorgous , and amazing because of awe-inspiring sets , costumes , and acting above all . This was the most underrated film of 1999 , but it was also one of the best . Andy Tennent is the king of simple romance and the period film . Jodi Foster and Chow Yun-Fat will capture your heart and astonish you !
 This is a voluptous production of a fascinating story . Chow Yun Fat is marvellous as the complex , conflicted leader caught between the beauty and tradition of the past and the inevitability and potentially tragic future for himself , his family and his people . Jodie Foster is impeccable as Anna , a woman who is of England and all that was Colonial but with a love for the beauty and wonder of the indigenous.Their magentism to each other is heartfelt and compelling . This film is one step away from being a truly great movie and it is difficult to find the moment where it falters from its destiny.i love this film but am always left with a sense of missed opportunity .
 A lot of flack was heaped on the release of this film in comparison to Rodgers & Hammerstein 's musical `` The King & I '' which is , itself a remake of `` Anna & The King of Siam '' a 30 's film with Rex Harrison and Irene Dunne . I should like to point out that such comparisons are foolish . Though all three movies deal with the subject of an English school teacher coming to Siam to educate the King 's children , each has dealt with the topic on it own terms and merit.In this version Jodie Foster is Anna Leonowens , the head strong British colonialist who sees into the heart of a king and grows perhaps too fond of him for her own stalwart romantic sensibilities.FOX STUDIOS has done a beautiful job of capturing all the color , glamor and spectacle of Andy Tennant 's beautiful film . Colors on this DVD are robust , rich and vibrant . Clarity is remarkable . Though some pixelization and edge enhancement are present they never really intrude on the overall visual experience . The 5.1 sound mix is incredibly lively and well balanced with a natural sounding fidelity that is most complimentary to the film . Extras include a documentary and several featurettes -LRB- which are just edited down versions of the documentary - go figure -RRB- as well as the film 's theatrical trailer and an audio commentary . FINAL WORD
 I loved this movie . The local reviewers stated how awful the romance in this film was . After seeing the movie I wondered if they had watched the same movie I did . I cried through the while ending . There were so many subtle things that the film is worth seeing more than once so you can catch them all !
 The very first time I watched this , I loved it . Jodie Foster and Chow Yun Fat are absolutely great together , and the set is amazing ! The costumes are magnificent , and the power of this movie is touching.There are many stories . There are times of sorrow and grief , but there are also times of utter happiness and joy .
 It did n't surprise me when this first came out that it did n't get very good reviews . I almost did n't see it myself , but once I did see it , I just kept coming back . It 's a glorious film.The film itself is done with tremendous diligence -- the costumes , the scenery are fabulous . More importantly , the script is good -- the story itself is a good story . Some films have a really deepening story so that the characters and events are well understood and interconnected , and this is one of those . But the language is also beautiful . It 's full of good lines . I think above all , it is Chow Yun-Fat 's acting which makes the film -- his humanity , his depth and his nobility . I 'm also astounded by the acting of the woman who plays Tuptim ... And Jodie Foster fully holds up her end as well.However , I can see many reasons why people would avoid it . The most important of these is that it 's banned in Thailand . The Thai people regard it as an very Westernized take on the story . King Mongkut was in fact an old man at the time this happened , and not the charming young Chow Yun-Fat . There 's apparently no evidence from King Mongkut 's private diaries that he had anything like the feelings expressed in this film . I can easily believe this is true . The film is fiction . At the very least , I doubt very much that Mongkut 's heroic stand on the bridge happened like it 's portrayed in the film.But I also ca n't buy that the film comes across as putting down Eastern culture . Unlike in `` The King and I '' -LRB- of which it is by no means a simple remake -RRB- where Anna clearly has the upper hand , this is an even match . She has as much to learn from him as he from her . England has as much to learn from Thailand as the other way around.My mother did n't like it , because although she 's the sort of person which appreciates a good story , she ca n't stand graphic beheadings . And others of my friends do n't like it , because although the like a good battle scene , they ca n't stand little girls dying in their father 's arms -- way too gushy . I loved it all .
 It is a shame that gorgeous , poignant , sweeping epics such as Anna and the King rarely succeed commercially , as they have so much more to offer on so many different levels than your typical box office smash hits . I , of course , will watch anything starring Jodie Foster , and I thought she was brilliant in her portrayal of the controversial nineteenth-century tutor to the children of the king of Siam . I should say that I am judging this movie solely on its own merits as a motion picture ; I know nothing about Siamese history and culture , and I have never seen this story as portrayed in The King and I. I do not know if the Siam we see here , most of which was actually filmed on a massive seven-acre lot far from Southeast Asia , provides a true picture of the land in question , but what we see here is undeniably beautiful . The filmmakers obviously went to great lengths , preparing everything down to the last detail , to provide a setting for this powerful drama that impacts the viewer quite forcefully and takes him/her to a place he/she has almost surely never gone before . Not only is the landscape captivating , but the palace , monuments , buildings , and religious icons depicted here are exotically stunning , offering even the most Westernized moviegoer the opportunity of seeing and experiencing an entrancing part of Far Eastern culture . Traditions and actions that seem immoral and unacceptable are at least made understandable , and that is the fulcrum upon which east and west can meet and work together.This is a special love story , one that is enfolded within a complex vista of much larger , sweeping human dramas . Some might say the romance falls short , but I believe that the type of romance explored in this movie represents perhaps the toughest form of true love , and what it lacks in demonstrable passion , it more than makes up for in depth of feeling . English schoolteacher Anna Leonowens -LRB- Jodie Foster -RRB- has come to Siam -LRB- via India -RRB- to instruct the king 's oldest son in English , but quite clearly she is not the type of schoolteacher the king expected , as she refuses to fully embrace the protocols of Siam . She is committed to showing King Mongkut -LRB- Yun-Fat Chow -RRB- the respect he deserves , but she stands in his presence , seeks him out rather than waiting to be summoned , and expresses her feelings and beliefs in a manner that would never be tolerated by a Siamese subject of the king . The king obviously admires her spirit , asking her to teach not only his eldest son but all fifty-eight of his children , one of his wives , and one of his concubines . The children do not respond to her very well at first , a fact which is not helped in the short run by her own son 's spirit of independence , but her compassionate disciplinary ways soon make of her the kind of teacher Mongkut wants for his children . In time , she and King Mongkut develop a fairly close yet perfectly innocent relationship of their own , sharing a mutual bond of love for the children . Anna is never afraid to tell Mongkut what she thinks or to get involved in situations her conscience will not allow her to ignore , and a mutual understanding and respect is forged among these paragons of culturally different virtues . All the while , revolution is stirring in the land , and the king 's throne and life itself are placed in great danger , yet Anna 's presence and fierce spirit of goodness emerge as a secret weapon that stands to change the very fabric of Siam itself.As wonderful and Oscar-worthy as Jodie Foster 's performance is here , Chow-Yun Fat 's is even better . King Mongkut is a complicated man , one who cares deeply about his family and his country , seeking to connect with the western world in order to promote the betterment of both . He does a magical job of balancing the burdens of a difficult kingship with those of a loving father and a very human man . Tom Felton is also very good as Anna 's son Louis , although it took me a few minutes to see him in this new light once I realized I was watching Harry Potter 's nemesis Draco Malfoy playing this role , and the children of King Mongkut are all portrayed masterfully by the whole cast of child actors and actresses . How this movie did not sweep the Academy Awards for 1999 is a mystery to me.Anna and the King is a movie you can easily and happily immerse yourself in , journeying to a very different world and fully investing yourself emotionally in the drama focused on Anna and King Mongkut . The behind the scenes features afford a way of appreciating even more fully the job everyone associated with this motion picture did , and the deleted scenes offer a most interesting extended opening and ending to a wondrous picture stretched across two and a half hours in its finished form . If you have a heart , Anna and the King will speak to it , and you will feel touched in a very special way after watching it .
 I missed this movie when it was released in the theater and only bought the DVD after seeing the last few moments of the movie when it aired on television in our area recently.At a running time of two and a half hours I thought it was perfect . There was never a point during the movie where I felt the need to look at my watch.One of the many things that made this movie so easy to watch was Jodie Foster and Chow Yun-Fat . I had recently read some of the critics reviews at the time this picture was originally released and one of the comments was that there was no chemistry . I would disagree strongly because some of the best moments of the movie are when they are on the screen together.The cinematography is another reason this was such a good movie . The scope of many of the scenes with the sweeping vistas , color and pagentry makes me wish that I had seen it in the theater because it really is something to see.But none of this would have worked as it did if it had not been for George Fenton 's score to tie everything together.As for the extra 's , once you 've watched this movie , watch it again with director Andy Tennant 's commentary . It 's always interesting to hear about things from the director 's point of view and the experience they had filming the movie.There is also director 's commentary for the deleted and extended scenes . I would highly recommend using this option because Mr. Tennant explains why he made the decisions he did about these particular scenes.The last thing I would recommend is to view this movie in widescreen format .
 The movies have a way of returning to the tried and true , and that includes the many reincarnations of the story of Anna Leonowens , an English school teacher who set off in 1862 to teach the children - 58 of them ! - sired by King Mongkut of Siam . The basis of the story is fact . There was an Anna , and there was a King Mongkut . The movies are all more fact than fiction . First there was Anna and the King of Siam , a 1946 version starring Rex Harrison and Irene Dunn . 1955 saw the spectacular , though now dated , The King and I , based on the Rogers and Hammerstein musical . Early 1999 brought an animated version of The King and I , which deservedly flopped . Six months later Anna and the King was released . It , too , failed , though for altogether different reasons , and I doubt we will be seeing much more of Anna or Mongkut at the local multiplex . I do , however , hope many people will buy this ` final ' version , for it presents something not often seen these days - true spectacle.When Anna Leonowens arrives in Siam with her young son , Louis , things are not as she expected them to be . It is n't the place , which she knows from having lived in India is a world apart from her native England . After she has been kept waiting for three weeks with nothing to do , she finally meets the king . She demands that she be given something to do . This action stuns both the king and the court , for he is an absolute ruler and considered to be a god . She then reminds him of his promise to provide her with a house outside the palace walls . He angrily refuses to do this , yet , like many people who are used to everyone 's doing their biding , he is intrigued and amused by this small woman who dares to stand up to him . He is well educated and thoughtful . He knows a good thing when he sees it.Anna greatly enjoys teaching his children , as well as several of his many wives and concubines . Later , despite being warned , she meddles in some royal affairs , and one of her intrusions leads to tragic consequences . Still , the bond between Anna and the king becomes increasingly stronger and leads to a romance which , under the circumstances , can never be fulfilled . Amid all this , there is the constant threat of English backed Burmese troops , who threaten to topple Mongkat 's kingdom.Jodie Foster and Yun-Fat Chow make a striking couple as Anna and Mongkut , and they are a great pleasure to watch . But it is the spectacle which dominates the movie . The sets , especially the royal palace , are monumental . The costumes are lavish and colorful . The photography is as good as any we are likely to see , and the music is first-rate . This version of the story is no more factual than its predecessors , but the makers do at least make the king into an intelligent ruler and depict the British as being rather ruthless , which they must have been in order to have dominated so much of the world at that time . Despite this , the movie failed to make money , and I think this may be because its pluses - the spectacle and the majesty of it - also served to make it seem too old-fashioned to today 's young audiences . This makes it a rare treat for older viewers , something to simply enjoy on a quiet summer night .
 I was really excited to find this DVD on Amazon.I had been wanting to purchase it for my mother for quite some time . When I saw it , I snatched it up.She was really happy to receive it . : -RRB-
 This was a pleasure-packed film from the opening scenery to the text at the end chronicling the changes brought about in Siam owing to the influence of Anna . The country and the people -LRB- at least those of the royal household -RRB- are absolutely beautiful . The king is one to whom it would be very easy to feel loyalty to.After seeing the movie , I feel compelled to read the history of Siam , and thus , Thailand .
 Very interesting remake of the King and I , though we older set missed the singing , it was put together and updated well . Jodie always gives a great performance !
 This is a great movie to have in your library . It is basically a film along the lines of The King and I. Jodie Foster is the perfect match for her role . She grabs you and draws you in , making a personal connection with the characters . Chow Yun-Fat is , also , a very good fit for his role as emperor.The film makes you take a good look at how personal realtionships within your own family are about the most important thing you have . It also draws attention to the importance of respecting others . I 'm not going to use the word ` tolerance ' ... but for the closed-minded , tyranical types , this film will ease that person into realizing the many good qualities in other people.Oh , and do n't forget the falling-in-love portions of this movie . Crossing boundries for those forbidden pleasures alway make for a good time.This is a great film for those who like to ride the emotional rollercoaster . You 'll laugh , get ticked-off , cry , get the warm-fuzzies ... you get the point.So , grab your sweatheart , get a blanket , pop some popcorn , turn the lights down and enjoy this timeless work of art !
 I 'm always fascinated with books & movies that deal with the interaction of subjects from different cultures such as `` Shogun '' , `` Lawrence of Arabia '' , `` Dances with Wolves '' or `` Broken Arrow '' . The film `` Anna and the King '' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- is one of such films . Accent is on differences and how humans are able to empathize in spite of them.The specific story of Mrs. Anna Leonowens at Siam 's Court has always fascinated filmmakers . There is a first version starring Rex Harrison and Irene Dunne -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , the well remembered -LRB- at least by my age class ... that is to say , ahem ! 60 years old -RRB- musical with Yul Brynner and Deborah Kerr -LRB- 1956 -RRB- and finally the present one with remarkable actress Jodie Foster and Chow Yun-Fat in the leading roles.The story is quite well known
 Although the romantic star power of this version of the film has it merits , the original is so much better . I am not a big `` old movie '' buff and generally tend to like modern movies better than the classics , but this is one exception . The older version lacks the extreme sexual chemistry that was found between Chow Yun Fat -LRB- who oozes sensuality -RRB- and Jodie Foster , but there are so many more details and interactions that show the relationship and draw you into it . You grow with the relationship in a slow natural way as opposed to the new version which seems to start the `` relationship '' from day one . Anna 's influential roll in the politics of Siam and the day to day life of the women and children is much more evident in the older version . Anyway , see them both , but definately see the older version . You will appreciate the story even more .
 For an older woman who loves films . I have trouble sometimes finding one I really enjoy . This was one that I loved from beginning to end . The new to me actor Chow Yun-Fat was simply wonderful as the king . The scenery and costumes were lovely . Of course , I have read the original book and seen all the film versions , so the story is very familiar . But it is still able to cast it 's spell of a time and culture exotic and fascinating . I loved it all .
 Rarely has a show touched me as this one did . It 's beauty and power took my breath away . A must see for the whole family .
 Anna and the King was my favorite movie of the year . The scenery of Thailand was truly majestic and was the highlight of the movie for me . I felt like I was in another world . In addition , Jodie Foster is a great actress , and the story was fresh and interesting . If you want to buy a movie , you ca n't do much better than this .
 Anna and the King is a colorful and generally touching version of the English teacher 's unusual relationship with the King of Siam . Chow Yun-Fat is superb and very credible as the King . Comparisons to the older version with Yul Brinner and Deborah Kerr are difficult to make , since this interpretation seems like a different story entirely .
 Until the climax of the film I thought this was one of the best movies to come out in a long time . Unfortunately , the corny plot ruins the movie from becoming a great one . Jodie Foster is incredibly boring as Anna though Chow Yun Fat is amazing as King Mongkut . Beautiful cinematography and intense score .
 This movie is wonderful , listen not to the professional critics who watch with eyes and no hearts . Jodi Foster and Chow Yun-Fat are magnificent together . Pundits would have you believe otherwise , yet they seem to have forgotten that these two characters are not supposed to have instantanious chemistry , that thiers ' is a relationship that first begins as dislike , before burgeoning into a romance . However , when the two develop feelings for each other , it is visible , and a pleasure to witness . The visuals are stunning , the music soaring , and the cast perfect . This is a superior product to the musical version , more poignant and historically relevant . If you find it a tad long , fear not , as the final seen will break even the stoniest hearts and make the length well worth it .
 I LOVED the musical ... I saw it when I was a little boy , and I saw it twice in the theatre , with Yul Brynner and Constance Lawrence -LRB- ? -RRB- in New York , about the year 1979 ... I have it on video and have watched it at least 30 times ... So ... believe me I love it ... Recently , I went to see the movie , expecting it could not be as good as the musical . I was surprised . I LOVED this version just as much . I loved it so much that I saw it three times . Jodie Foster is magnificent . The story is great , maybe with some fiction , but I bought the book , and now I am buying the DVD . -LRB- I saw the movie on the big screen , and I am buying the DVD so I can watch it again and again , whenever I want to . -RRB-
 Extra-Ordinary , an Absolute marvel of a classic masterpiece . A movie I would not mind having in my collection , and will , just as soon as it is released.This film as you may already know , is the based on a true story remake of THE KING AND I , however , THIS IS NOT A MUSICAL . But trust me , you will not be dissapointed in any way . It is a wonderful film filled with beautiful scenery and gorgeous sets . The reinactments of the wars and rebellions were not perfect , but very well done.Reasons for the Rating Pg-13 are as follows
 I thought that this movie was absolutely magnificent ... The ending made me cry , and I enjoyed watching how a powerful love affair develops between two very different people . I saw the movie three times and I will definitely see it again . The movie displays beautiful scenery , architecture , and costume design . The acting in the movie is powerful and moving . I have never seen a more touching film . It captivated me the entire 147 minutes .
 Anna & The King is such a wonderful movie . The details are authentic and the acting superb . Jodie Foster and Chow Yun-Fat have wonderful chemistry . The story is true , and I found that the movie was very accurate to historical details . The story was extremely touching and I recommend this video to anyone !
 I ca n't really compare and contrast with the other two orthreemovies with almost the same title and same story as I have never seen them . All I can tell you is that this movie is a love story that we 've all been craving ever since scary movies came into play . It 's the story of a young English woman who is sent to Siam to teach the King 's children . At once she is considered controversal and disobedient , stirring everything up every place she goes . But the King , amazingly , allows her to keep her ideas and even agrees with her . -LRB- Imagine that ! -RRB- ... A really nice story .
 I watched this movie while flying . I found myself not sleeping on an 8-hour flight to watch this wonderful movie . Yun-Fat Chow was absolutely believable -LRB- handsome too -RRB- . His performance made me want to watch more of his movies . I read some of the comments and a couple wrote about it was not true , Western viewpoint through movie , etc. . This movie was about romance and something much more than did the actress maintain her accent etc. . It was a touching movie without all the sex and hype that we get nowadays . I will buy this movie . It is good and you wo n't be disappointed if you take the time to watch it .
 Ranks with ` True Grit ' as one of my favorite Westerns . Richard Bonne at his grizzled , onery best . Tony Franciosa is also memorable as Major Lassiter 's -LRB- Boone -RRB- cutthroat Mexican sidekick . This movie has it all , cavalry , apaches , banditos , confederate renegades , stolen repeating rifles - hard core all the way . Jim Brown 's movie debut as the loyal , strong , silent , US Cavalry Sergeant . Quite violent and ruthless for a 1964 movie . Jerry Goldsmith 's accompanying musical score is also excellent .
 Rio Conchos is a very good western with violence that is still a bit startling when you see it today , much less in 1964 . A wagon train carrying 2,000 new repeating rifles has been stolen causing the army to worry where they went . Two soldiers team up with a drunken ex-Confederate officer and a bandit to track down the missing guns . While searching , they discover a Confederate officer , Colonel Theron Pardee , who is trying to start the Civil War all over again by giving Apache warriors the new repeating rifles . The small group must try and stop him as they battle Mexican bandits , Apache warriors , and even themselves . Rio Conchos is a grim western with a very realistic tone . The violence seems out of place for the time , but it is still very effective , most notably in the torture scene towards the end . Jerry Goldsmith turns in another excellent score , sometimes reminiscent of Bandolero . For an enjoyable yet dark western , check out Rio Conchos.Richard Boone gives an excellent performance as Jim Lassiter , the ex-Confederate officer who joins up with the army . At the same time , Lassiter is dealing with the death of his family at the hands of the Apaches . Stuart Whitman is also very good as army Captain Haven , the leader of the small bunch . Anthony Franciosa stars as Rodriguez , the bandit who joins Lassiter and Haven . In his first movie since leaving football , Jim Brown plays Sgt. Franklyn , Haven 's right hand man . Edmond O'Brien stars as Colonel Pardee , who hopes to begin the Civil War again . The movie also stars Wende Wagner , Rodolfo Acosta , Vito Scotti , and Kevin Hagen . The VHS is in pan-n-scan so it is n't of the best quality . This movie begs for a DVD widescreen release . For an excellent western with a very good cast , check out Rio Conchos !
 Rio Conchos is a very action filled outing very similar to 2 other films but good in its own right . It stars Richard Boone and Tony Franciosa as 2 renegades who team with 2 soldiers played by Stuart Whitman and Jim Brown in his debut to track down an ex-Rebel Colonel played by Edmond O'brien . He is trying to reestablish the confederacy in Mexico using stolen rifles and Apaches as his new troops . The Jerry Goldsmith score is superb and the action is constant . The film is much like Whitman 's earlier effort The Comancheros with John Wayne , and has some noticeable parallels to 1979 Vietnam movie Apocalypse Now . The journey upriver , the renegade Colonel using native troops , etc. all predate Coppola 's effort . After a recent viewing I speculated if screenwriter John Milius may have been influenced by this film . A definite favorite of mine and one of the most rugged westerns of the 1960 's .
 Stuart Whitman , Richard Boone , Jim Brown and Anthony Franciosa are well cast in this tough western tale . Edmund O'Brien is also a stand out . Do n't miss it .
 Richard Boone carries this rather unevenWestern , with superb support from a stellarcast , although Whitman 's role is disappointinglysmall - THE COMANCHEROS is a better choicefor Whitman fans . Boone 's is a rare blendof tough-guy savagery and rough-edgedhumanity , and contemporary Hollywood is starved forthe authentic manliness that actors likeBoone once brought to the screen . Factor inhis distinctively droll humor , and you havethat indefinable Star Power so elusive today.Granted , the film - as noted in previousreviews - is startlingly violent , but itis not gratuitously so . On the contrary , the movie trades Hollywood-style storytellingfor realism . There are no `` good soldiers '' or `` bad Indians '' here - only flawed human beingsstruggling to survive against insurmountableodds .
 I have seen this movie numerous times on tv and it is great . My only problems is where 's the DVD ????????????????
 I enjoy most Western movies and I found this to be near the top.Good acting and lots of action.I especially liked Richard Boone .
 i just watched this movie . it uses a very talented cast to its best advantage . i have never understood why rob estes is not a bigger star than he is and this film spotlights his strengths . his breakdown scene is controlled and very honest in its pain . jason alexander finally does something that does not seem a variant of his `` george '' character . kimberly willams-paisley certainly moves light years away from the FATHER OF THE BRIDE daughter . allison eastwood brings a weary womanliness that lends depth to her character.the rest of the cast is also superior , adding tics and quirks to their characters that make them unique and not cliched . the direction is crisp and the pacing flows smmoothly with each story.the comic slant on what could be deadend lives makes the lessons learned believeable and not forced.the only reason i did n't rate this a five is i keep that rating for a classic
 Buy or rent this movie if you 're a Jason Alexander fan . He 's got this spicy , multi-layered role that you 'd never expect him in , and he pulls it off famously.The contrast of the characters ' vulnerabilities against the gritty , tough neighborhood of Queens is satisfying to watch . And it 's authentic . Much the same was Manhattan was the `` 5th lady '' of the Sex in the City series , this movie 's borough of NYC brings alot of flavor to the film.It 's a fun movie to watch , and the emotions you feel are real.This is a great film to watch !
 I really enjoyed this film - especially being single and from New York . I thought the characters were great and it was a really humorous look at dating . I also really liked seeing some of my favorite actors and actresses from television doing something different and seeing them in a full-length feature film . Overrall , I thought it was a fun , delightful film .
 How To Go Out On A Date In Queens is a quirky love comedy about ... how to go out on a date in Queens . This star-studded cast is filled with memorable characters and engaging story lines . Brian Drillinger is absolutely hilarious as the dating expert and Michelle Danner -LRB- acting coach to many A-listers -RRB- steals scenes as the passionate Scorpion . Jason Alexander was wonderful ; it 's great to see him cast as a character unlike George Costanza . I 'd recommend this film to anyone looking for a good atypical comedy .
 I 've read some overly critical reviews of this movie on other sites , but I found it endearing . If you 're looking for slapstick humor or fast paced action , do n't bother to even take this DVD out of its case . `` Redefining Love '' is more of a quiet , contemplative film . As a story that mimics the often heartbreaking experiences of the everyday life , it 's ideal for the romantic at heart . Ryan Small is loveable and familiar in his secondary role , and Jodie Sweetin offers a reprieve from the occasionally underacted main characters.Still , the real strength of this movie lies in the writing . First timer B.J. Smith has delivered a relatable story exploring the pitfalls and triumphs of love and friendship . `` Redefining Love '' is far from perfect , but it offers a sweet , honest , and hopeful look at relationships , and given its budget and time constraints , it 's a solid film . Overall , superb script and an excellent supporting cast .
 A friend of mine recommended this series to me and once I stared watching it I was hooked ! This show covers just about every issue that single women , not just lesbians , go through trying to find the balance between relationships , careers , and family . The fact that it centers around a group of lesbians is just a plus as far as I 'm concerned . I love the way they interact with each other and come to each other 's rescue whenever there is a crisis . It makes me long for this type of support in my own life . Before you judge the show for being lesbian-based , watch and see for yourself how good it really is . Enjoy .
 If you have not yet experienced the pleasures of the L Word , do yourself a favour and grab this DVD set -LRB- actually start with season 1 -RRB- and lock yourself away for an entire week end in your bedroom . Turn off your mobile phone and lock all your doors , you will not be disappointed .
 Wow what an amazing series ! The 3rd outing for the ' L Word ' takes us on an emotional roller coaster ride opening our eyes to the often difficult and unspoken issues that do not only affect the lesbian community while never forgetting that ` life goes on ' and often with fabulous humour.This series takes the ' L Word ' to the highest level of quality drama that will take you on a journey with a group of friends that we all wish we where part of .
 The extras suck . Showtime please spend some cash on some behind the sceens , bloopers , documentery , commentary . . ANYTHING !
 the season is off to a great start ! they know how to twist the plot and keep it interesting while staying true to lesbians
 I became hooked on L Word from watching season 4 on Showtime . So I ordered seasons 1 and 2 and finally season 3 . I agree with several other posters who say that key characters ' personalities seem to have done 180 's . Bette turns into a marshmallow ; Tina suddenly `` needs a man ; '' level-headed Alice becomes a pill-popping stalker ; and Helena the conniver becomes Helena the connived.Unlike some others , though , I find the Moira/Max -LRB- Daniela Sea -RRB- storyline interesting and thought-provoking . The scenes in which Dylan falls for Helena were oh-so-sexy -LRB- and I 'm straight ! -RRB- ; but the video set-up for the sexual harrassment suit was stupid and it was clear to the viewer what would happen next . I could have done without the Billie character . Angus and Kit had some cute moments , but the whole menopause storyline could have been far more interesting and real without Angus.And why kill off Dana ? She was , by far , the most entertaining character on the show -- coordinated but goofy , smart but out of it . I can only assume that Erin wanted out of the show for some reason.Now for the DVD 's themselves
 The moving deatH of Dana.So realisTic was the stepS -LRB- Leisha Hailey 's actinG was sensatiOnal here . . The realnEss of her love and loss of Dana . . Beautiful sex scenes . . -RRB- -RRB- of chemO that she had to go through.BreaSt Cancer realistically portrayed . . MarvelouS and neccessary.Complete life.Moving the episode where Dana is publically applaudEd.Acceptance of love is hard , but she needed to see thAt people still loved her.Inspiration to lead a happy free life.Five stArs .
 Any place else I 've looked for the L Word Series , it 's been so much more expensive . I was very happy to find it at Amazon for such a reasonable price ! Thank you !
 Discs came in a decent timeframe , but the first disc is a waste . It does n't even work , and if it manages to come on it just screws up and skips around . Other than that all is well .
 It is interesting , or worrisome , how many people comment about their preception of Jenny 's `` stupidity '' or how `` borning '' the character is . I find the character 's succintness soooo satisfying . She consistently nails people in rather few well-chosen words . She sees who the people around her are and tells them `` like it is '' . During the early first season I found the Jenny character cloying and really annoying . But as I watched her evolve throughout the three seasons I found I really respect her as a woman who says what she means and means what she says . She 's real and true to herself and her hard-won truths . Instead of zipping by the Jenny parts of the various episodes , I wish some of you would really hear what she has to say . Maybe you would see her for who and what she is and where she 's been . How many of us truly meet and grapple with our demons and come out of the struggle with our hearts and minds not only intact but also with our wits honed to such a fine edge?Season Three finds Jenny as well as all the other characters more deeply immersed in their `` s ** t '' than ever before . I think this season depicts the pain and strength of Jenny , Dana , Alice , Billie , Bette , Helena , et al. and their ability to deal with the unfairness and complexity of life . Some may find this boring . I find it moving , involving , uplifting and wonderful . How sad some reviewers see Jenny 's scenes as an ocassion to `` fast forward to the sexy parts '' . Is that all your lives are about ?
 I love watching this over and over again ! Everytime I watch it , I see something new . This and other L word seasons are worth the buy .
 I love this season . A lot of surprises , and emotion ... If you liked season 1 & 2 , get ready !!
 I just love the L WOrd and The third Season was great . I have some issues with some of the stories because I love Tina but ... Lesbian or not totally hot and worth a look : -RRB-
 I love it , I got it before the due date and in perfect condition . Thank you !!
 At last the third series is available . Unfortunately unless you have a multi region DVD - player in the UK you have to wait forever for it to be released in Region 2 format . The third series was certainly not the best however the whole concept of the L Word is entertaining for people of all sexual orientation . Long may it continue
 The Third Season of L word are excellent . Once more Ilene Chaiken produced a very good sentimental fiction of our lifes . Good actors especially Jennifer Beals , Erin Daniels and of course Leisha Hailey
 What more can I say about The L Word ... it 's absolutely AWESOME !!! ... I have been a longtime fan of the show . I too live that life and those girls help me to get through some of my personal life issues . So for anyone that is curious about what `` WE '' are about ... go pick this up . I promise No regrets . 100 % Satisfaction !!!!
 I am a huge fan of Showtimes series The L Word . Amazon had the best price on season 3 , so I purchased it for my collection .
 Interesting story line and enjoy the humor . The girls really gel well . Overall an excellent series .
 This is the best series I have EVER watched ! After each season , I have been on the edge of my seat waiting for the next , this season is no exception !! True , season 3 had some tough times for the characters as others have mentioned , but that 's what made it so real and my favorite yet ! Just writing this review makes me anxious all over again to pop the next disc in and get my fix!UPDATE
 After seasons 1 & 2 -LRB- 1st being the groundbreaker - 2nd stumbling slightly -RRB- , I have to say season 3 goes back to what made the show fresh and provacative . The prologues preceding every episode -LRB- including names and how they 're connected -RRB- capture how people and places , times and situations , tie everyone in this world of unpredictability together . The language and the sex serve purposes in this fine collection ; not just for the sake of being gratuitous and cheap . Emotions run high in season 3 . People live , people die . Disappointment , heartbreak . And the season finale pulls the rug right from under you . You have been warned .
 I 've been a fan since the pilot episode . Every season gets better and more interesting . The DVD 's always have a crisp and clear quality . The added documentry was great . I 've always liked the story lines , making me want to know more as the episodes go on . I just love the series and grateful it came into my life at the time it did .
 Despite a few weird story lines surfacing in Season 3 , the L Word continues to be a high quality show about life and love amongst a group of gay women . As always , the music by featured artists is great and thankfully , EZ Girl 's influence on the score is substantially muted this season compared to Season 2 . Great performances and characterizations will keep fans coming back for Season 4 .
 We found this series to be one of thebest thus far . We were saddened to see one member of the cast `` written '' out but the rest of the characters have remained interesting and somewhat complex . Enough to hold our interest and make us eager to see the new season .
 This season is a bit disjointed but a lot of fun . I wo n't spoil things , but one of our cast leaves forever , you have to see it to find out who . We learn more about Shane , and we meet a new character Moira who is becoming Max . I unfortunately still do not like Jenny 's character AT ALL , but at least no goofy fantasy sequences like Season Two ! Anyway , you should get the set and have a viewing party ! Peace !
 The L-Word Third season is a continuation of the previous season . As it is a little dark , the 3rd season leaves much for new character and plot development . In this season , I learned to love or at least have compassion for certain characters I had n't before . We get to know Shane better , despise Tina more , feel for Bette and wonder about Jennie , as usual . I loved all 12 episodes , left wanting for more ... . remember the good ole days when seasons were 26 episodes long ??? Enjoy !
 I enjoyed this season . It was provocative , realistic and touching . Max , Dana and Alice dig deep into their characters minds . This season was full of surprises !
 I Love , Love , LOVE The L Word ! This is the best series about women BY FAR ! A lot of people have compared it to QAF -LRB- Queer As Folk -RRB- , but I do n't think that 's necessarily a bad thing , as both are amazing series . I own the 1st and 2nd L Word seasons -LRB- and have watched them over and over -RRB- , and the 3rd is on it 's way to my home as I type . I can not wait!This -LRB- 3rd -RRB- season is pretty heavy . It is also shorter than the other two -LRB- I think -RRB- . But , I have to say I still loved it so much ! I cried like a baby towards the end of the season -LRB- those who watched it should know why -RRB- . If you are a lesbian , and want to see a series that you can relate to , I would definately reccommend this series !!! It 's great because it takes away stereotypes and lets people see that we are all just normal gals , who happen to love other normal gals !
 It arrived within two weeks of being ordered . The package was sealed and in perfect shape , just like if i would have gotten it from the store . The only difference between my actual purchase and going to the store was the amount paid , a lot less through Amazon .
 Wish they had nor off camera behind the scenes stuff about the cast .
 The L word is absolutely amazing , my only complaint is that it takes too long to come out in DVD when a season ends ! Also great if you liked flash dance , Jennifer Beals is a super star .
 Very good boxed set dvd . Just as great as the other two seasons .
 L WORD IS A SHOW OF LOVE , LUST , PASSION , TRULY A MUST SEE , MUST HAVE !
 Awesome show . Was great to watch again before the 4th season started up !
 Once again , the L Word has produced a sizzling and provocative season . Interesting twists and stunning revelations had me hold up in my cabin for hours watching episode after episode .
 I 'm looking forward to receiving the season 3 DVD which I have preordered . Here in Australia the Seven Network has recently shown the second season over 12 months after it aired in the USA . If season 2 is anything to go by season 3 should be a knockout.A huge fan here in the land down under .
 A must have if you 're an L Word fan !! I can watch these all the time when nothing else good is on !! GREAT !!!
 This season kept you guessing . Losing a character was a shocker ...
 Fast shipping . Arrived in excellent condition . Another great purchase on Amazon !
 i love the L-word and there is nothing else to say , if you watch it you get hooked . have fun ! packaging was fine , no problems with delivery .
 ignorance.That realtor used to say very ignorant and -LRB- but notall of the time . . -RRB- homophobic things.And the cops said she does n't think I 'm that beautiful either as if I did n't mean -LRB- Is it wrong to want sex without a relationship ? Cause I 'm happy to have that you know . . -RRB- that she was beautiful which she is . .
 Unlike the first person who reviewed season 3 , I think this season outbeats the 1st season by a long shot ... more story lines in season 3 , and less sex ... not that i have a problem with sex scenes , but season 1 i feel just had way too many . I dont think season 3 was as good as the 2nd season -LRB- i think season 2 is the best thus far -RRB- , but i do think it was good ... definitely worth buying .
 I have watched the L-Word from the very start and comparatively , the Season 2 was better than Season 1 and 3 -LRB- It also had a better musical theme -RRB- . The Season 1 , I found the lesbian couple -LRB- played by Jennifer Beals and Laurel Holloman -RRB- there so convincing that you would think they are real lesbians in real life ! And what about boyish Shane ... just a real eye candy for all the lesbians out there . I think , every lesbian is in love with her -LRB- laugh out loud -RRB- . What I found quite putting-off though was the injecting of heterosexual characters -LRB- boy and girl -RRB- there who seems to have more love scenes in the whole series than the lesbians ... who seems to HOG the screen most of the time too . Is n't the L-Word a lesbian series , after all ??? Let it stay that way please ! Why ca n't they simply just make a lesbian series that is `` all lesbian '' ??? I think , the producers have this silly notion that straight people wo n't watch a series without heterosexuality on the plot/story which is just pure misconception . Heterosexuals are ever so interested on how the `` other kind '' lives , thrives and even , become intimate . They are big voyeurs to the unknown and not spoken of ! So , for goodness sake , make a proper all-lesbian series !!! Even more so on the 2nd Season , what 's more irritating is the heterosexual girl on Season 1 becomes totally gay here -LRB- totally transformed and not interested in men anymore , duh ! -RRB- . Is n't change a gradual thing ? This demeans our intelligence , in my opinion . The one who wrote this must have been straight as a ruler to NOT know the real world or facts about lesbianism !!! And , what is this about another straight black woman singer who looks ridiculously outcasted in this world of gays and les ? I did n't see her story as any help in `` putting meat '' on the whole series , sorry to say . To put it blunt , the producers just wasted good money paying for `` misplaced '' talent -LRB- though she sings real good admittedly -RRB- . I was expecting the 3rd Season to be better , but alas , they lost the story all throughout here . What a big disappointment !!! A lesbian character dying in this season did n't help boost the ratings as they have expected it would , I suppose . Nobody likes to see people dying , gay or straight ! I think , what they should have done here was expand on the lives of the characters more -LRB- such as put flashbacks about their past lives , how they became to be , etc. -RRB- . It would have been better too if they added more `` credible gay characters '' ... new , fresh faces , as we say . Even Gina Gershon -LRB- Of `` Bound '' -RRB- , though quite mature , would have lifted their ratings sky up if they have included her in the cast . And , what about REAL lesbians included in ... Ellen De Generis -LRB- a real cutie ! -RRB- , K.D. Lang , Melissa Etheridge , Portia de Rossi ... they would be real `` crowd-drawers '' !!! I think , it is about time they leave gay filming to those who know the `` raw deal '' ... not just because they want to create a fad or exploit the world unknown to them or even more , just make money out of it . Lesbian producers , anyone for the taking ?
 What can you say about this DVD ? Excellent , I give it a very big 5 . The show speaks for itself . I never miss it , and have bought all three seasons . I plan on watching the fourth season , and buying the fourth season from Amazon also
 i think this series is one of the best , a tad sad in places but a real must for any lesbians film collection .
 A little darker than previous seasons but good character advancement ... even Jenny was bearable !
 This show is awesome , it is one of the best shows , that Showtime has released in years . you need to get all 3 seasons and watch them ASAP - Season 4 just started !!
 The continuing lives of the characters and their actions and reactions to situations are so real . You find yourself rooting for one couple , then another . I was so disappointed in Tina , but I certainly want to see how this male relationship works out for her . The seasons ending was very dramatic . What do you suppose Carman will do now that she was left at the Alter by Shawn ? Where will Bette end up with the baby ? Ca n't wait till next season to begin . Really a must for your TV collections .
 I really love the l word , this season had really good episodes and really funny ones , but it can be very sad and tedius , but if you like this tv show and you like the couple of Shane and Carmen , this is your season !!
 Have to say love the L Word and this series is still as good it does n't disappoint , it does bring tears to your eyes . Love the characters mind Alice is a bit neurotic in some scenes but she comes good .
 Well acted , sound quality is not the best , other than that , enjoying the series .
 This show , including this season , is one that is groundbreaking and representative of many people who have not before been given representation . The focus is first and formost about women and the lives of women . There is love , loss , drama , and all that goes in between . It makes you laugh at times and cry at others , but life is not a fairytale and this show does n't make it to be ... that is what makes it so great . There a femmes and butches , a ton who are somewhere in the middle . It makes you reconsider the labels you place on people and realize there are all shades of gray . Whether you are a stay at home parent , trying to become a parent , happy in love , breaking up , sleeping around , or transitioning ... from bed to bed or from female to male , you can see yourself in this show.Some have been critical of Ilene Chaiken -LRB- not Irene as the misguided poster at top called her -RRB- claiming that the show is n't realisitc or that the writing is bad . We should remember that this show is about a group of lesbians , not all the lesbians in the world . It could be people we know but it might not be . To claim a show unrealistic because it is n't a story of your own life is to also say that every representation of every woman is only real if that woman goes through what you go through , that every reprentation of whatever race you are is only real if that person goes through what you go through , and given the wide variety of diversity in programming any reasonable person knows that to be untrue . So , no The L Word does n't represent every lesbian on the planet but it does give a good account for a select group of us out there , it does venture to bring visibility to those of us who went unseen before , it gives us a voice , and it shows people that lesbians , gays , bisexuals and transgered people love and hurt and face things in our life good and bad just like everyone else.There is no other show out there that has done for lesbians what The L Word has . Seasoned actresses like Jennifer Beals and Pam Grier bring the show up a few levels , Jennifer Beals and Laurel Holloman have chemistry that is palpable ... even when their characters are fighting they have tremendous chemistry . Rachel Shelley , Katherine Moening , Alexandra Hedison all have sex appeal through the roof in their representation of single lesbians on the show . Leisha does comedy like no one 's business and she also had some amazing dramatic scenes . Erin Daniels was wickedly funny as well and broke our hearts with the huge part her character had in season 3 . Daniella Sea is a new comer and she still has great strides to take . I would n't dare say she was the star as that would be a huge over-statment ... she was far from it , but her character was like nothing we 've ever seen before . Daniella took on her role like a champ and I was very excited to see her added to the cast , she is bringing visibility to an entire other part of the audience that had yet to be shown and in time I think she will be as comfortable as the other actresses . I certainly look foward to more from Max.Also , despite what the initial reviewer had to say , I do n't think there is any grounds for statements suggesting Ilene degraded , down played , or disrespected Danielle , the actress , or her character Moira/Max . If an actress is cast after promotions start then you can not expect them to appear in all the promotional photos . Although Daniella was n't in all the season 3 promotional photos she was in some of them , she is in those for Season 4 and she also did a great deal of in person promotions with Ilene to promote season 3 . If Ilene wanted to down play and degrade Daniella she would not have made her the main guest star for most of the promotional events , she also would not have been so super secretive and hyped about Daniella 's character on the show . There would be no transgendered character , or any butch type characters , or any kind of character we are fortunate to have on the show if Ilene was as horrible as this reviewer has made her out to be . Max and The L Word at large exists because of Ilene not in spite of her.The one criticsim I have with the dvd itself and not the show ... the dvd extras were lacking in any kind of special or additional footage that many fans like to see . There are no bloopers , no special interviews , nothing truly exciting to look foward to.This is a great show . I definitely recommend it as a buy !!!
 The third season of the L Word picks right up with all the excitement , romance , and sexual tension of the previous seasons . Alice is struggling to get over the loss of her best friend and her lover while Dana moves on with Lara . One of the biggest turns of the season comes when Dana is diagnosed with breast cancer and the women struggle to help her cope and to deal with it themselves . Tina and Bette 's daughter , Angelica , is six months old and the two have done their best to reconcile and form a stable home for her . Bette is in the process of trying to adopt Angelica , so the couple has routine visits with a social worker . Shane and Carmen are in a committed relationship and living together in Jenny 's house . Carmen 's job as a dj is starting to pick up and she 's even offered a position djing for Russell Simmons at some point . Shane opens a hair studio in the middle of a skateboard shop and , in typical Shane fashion , struggles to stay loyal to her -LRB- gorgeous -RRB- girlfriend . Jenny is off on a road trip somewhere with a girl named Moira who has a gender identity crisis . At some point during the season Moira becomes Max and decides to transition to a male . Meanwhile Jenny struggles to sell her book . Kit finally gets a storyline besides being the alcoholic has been sister and even finds a love interest . And finally , in one of the best additions , Helena Peabody is finally a full member of the cast and has her own story lines not involving Bette and Tina.This season of the L Word is emotionally charged and takes some chances that they have n't in previous years . With the addition of Moira , the show brings the first transgendered recurring role to network television . Though Jenny 's story line typically bores me to tears and , I 'll admit , I usually fast forward through a large portion of her scenes , this season actually made me interested to see what would go on . Jenny finally found someone who was her match . The heartbreak that exists with Alice when she sees Dana and Lara constantly is palpable , and completely relatable . I do n't think anyone who has ever had their heart broken can look at what she went through without understanding how well done and realistic the emotion was . When we lose Dana later in the seaon , it only intensifies and finally gives Alice a chance to shine as someone besides the confused bisexual girl . On the same token , it 's nice not to see Kit sitting around just being everyone else 's go to girl and instead having her own story . The addition of Angus , Angelica 's manny , as Kit 's boyfriend finally brings a little meat to the Pam Grier character.The third season of the L Word is quite possibly the best one yet . A lot of the original characters have story lines that give them a chance to show their artistic range , and the new characters are welcome additions whose stories all add to the plot . I ca n't wait to see what 's going to happen in the fourth season .
 I breathe a huge sigh of relief as the writers have finally seemed to hit their stride ! The writing in this season is the best so far.The storyline keeps moving and changing in a way that creates a very unique journey among this group of friends . Once again , commendations for taking on very real topics , including trans identity , menopause , joint parenting , and cancer.The acting shines on almost everyones part . My new favorite character , `` Angus the Manny '' is probably the worst actor , but he 's so likeable , it 's okay.As others have said , unfortuately the Betty music is still around , but it is _ much _ less prevalent and distracting . The rest of the music is actually pretty decent.Another negative point is that not only are old dropped story lines not picked up , but the habit of dropping stories w/o explaination continues . Also , no amazing guest stars ala Cameron Manhiem or Sandra Bernhardt from Season 2 . Packaging
 What can I say . Since I do n't subscribe to HBO , this is the only way I can view this series . I love the music and the plots . I heard that Cybil Sheppard will be appearing on this years series . When she was asked why she chose to appear on this series , her answer was , `` My mentor told me in order to become a better actor , always play a character you have never played ; and I 've never played a Lesbian . '' I feel it 's pretty good acting since the greater majority of actors playing these parts are not gay . I am glad to see the success of this show . Looking forward to purchasing the next series .
 This show touches my life because I identify with the characters . In some cases , I act like them . In other cases , I want to be like them . And in most cases , I want to be with them . This season made me cry . It made my girlfriend cry and then I took a poll of my viewing friends and found they cried , too . A little embarrassing and pathetic to admit crying to a tv series , but hey , it is well done because it reaches out of the screen and touches those interested viewers .
 After many hours searching the internet for the third series I finally came across it . I ended up watching the whole thing in a day and a half ! I guess the only thing I did n't like about it was I felt as though I had missed something between the last episode of season 2 and the first episode of season 3 because it took a while to figure out what was going on . Needless to say I quickly got over that became rivited again to thise series that I would be completely lost without if it ended . All your favourite characters are back and a few introductions too . I laughed , I cried and most importantly ... . I LOVED IT !!
 Anybody who says that they wish that the show would go back to the way it was in season one has ulterior motives - pay no attention to them - they 're crazy for a relationship that was totally and completely dysfunctional -LRB- and boring -RRB- , but these people have convinced themselves that Bette and Tina 's relationship is ` romantic ' . Yeah , okay , whatever . Basically , in their opinions , if they do n't get what they want -LRB- ie . their favorite boring couple back together again -RRB- , then everything about the show is bad , which is a little too like throwing the baby out with the bathwater , because even though Tina and Bette broke up -LRB- and will probably stay that way -RRB- , the show is still one of the best and brightest on tv and season three of the L Word is proof positive of that ... Anyway , season three was definitely a return to form , if not a return to the relationships that were established in the pilot in season one - lots of great scenes with the group together -LRB- something season two was lacking -RRB- , fascinating explorations of gender and sex and the gray areas that exist in society . It touches on many other issues , but most of them will be very familiar to most viewers of the show . Many of the episodes in season three are sad , because they 're dealing with very heavy subject matter , but I honestly love both the heavy stuff and the funny , as well . The actors and the chemistry they have with one another is unparalleled - they 're all friends in real life and that energy follows them onto the screen.If you want to see a bright star on the rise , then keep your eyes out for Katherine Moennig as Shane McCutcheon - trust me , you wo n't be sorry ... her character is one of the most complex and fascinating characters I 've ever been introduced to.If you 're someone who needs to be spoonfed every line and every plotpoint , then this show is n't for you ... but if you do n't mind a challenging dose of thought-provoking entertainment , then give season three of The L Word a try ... The only reason this season of the show gets 4 stars rather than 5 is due solely to the obnoxious barnacle in the personages of the band BETTY that still refuse to go away . EZGirl 's score for season three is quite a bit less distracting than it was in season two , but definite points off for basically devoting an entire freaking episode to the band . Boo , bad lesbian musicians taking over a show that does n't need them ... !
 This is the best season of the L Word . Great show , love the characters and the story . It 's cheezy and stereotypical at times but very sexy and fun plus being addictive . I ca n't wait to watch all the seasons .
 Great season takes a turn when breast cancer strikes . I was so taken back by the scenes of the doctors offices I 've gone and quit smoking .
 Great show . I cant wait to own the entire series . Drama packed and will keep you on the edge of your seat . Funny sad heart felt and heart breaking
 I have watched this series at least 5 times through . The actresses are amazing ! The storylines keep me very entertained . The women are sexy . I wish there were more sex scenes though .
 Will not add any spoilers , but suffice it to say many elements combine to create a lot of heartfelt emotion in this episode.Plus an excellent musical guest star .5 / 5 stars are well-earned here .
 This season was so good ! It made me cry alot . But everything was in great condition and I was very happy withh my order ! Thank you so much ! -LRB- :
 I received the item in good shape looked new . I have yet to watch it all but believe it to be excellent buy .
 Probably my favorite season of the show . Absolutely loved it , and who can pass up a season DVD for this price ? This is why I only shop with amazon .
 I love this show and the only complaint I have for the third season is that it is too short . I do n't like how series seem to get shorter with each successive season.It is sad what happened to Dana . I was horrified . I am a breast cancer survivor who elected not to have chemo . Unfortunately one out of every 8 women will get breast cancer . Chemo is what kills many of these women ... not the cancer itself . Chemo weakens your immune system , damages and sometimes destroys organs in our bodies and can even , ironically , cause cancers . Face it , we may not like to think about it , but this is a very real fact of life . I applaud the writers of The L Word for outing this disturbing fact .
 I 've enjoyed watching the series , and have been waiting for the third season to come out so I could watch it . For those of you like me who had n't seen any of the third season , be careful which reviews you read . The review titled `` Descent '' basically gives the whole story line of season three , character by character . It was a bummer for me since I 'd managed to stay away from that information so far .
 I have mixed reviews ; 4 stars for attempts at change -LRB- would have been 3 if this had been the first season -RRB- . I liked the `` list '' format for this ... 1 . Dana . Sad but what a story line . As much as I hated to see that character go , it was a stroke of genious . The ending when they put her ashes into the waterfall pool , and the song '' . . I will always be here '' played , PERFECT . The sweetness and beauty of Dana will really be a huge loss . It will be hard to fill , but vital that the series pick up someone we can love without worrying that she 'll turn out to be a creep .2 . Alice 's emotional level -LRB- great acting though -RRB- and change from carefee to sullen -LRB- and a stalker ? -RRB- was a drag . We needed her as she was ; we miss her joy ! Good bend with Lara - it makes sense and that happens a lot in reality .3 . Bette and Tina - UGH !!! Their story was totally tedious ! Tina has become a complete bore , Bette a miserable shadow of herself . And the `` going straight '' again for Tina ? It was so excruciating . And hell , if you were ever going to let Bette have an affair , WHY oh WHY not with the fabulous Dana Delaney !? 4 . Shane . Can the woman get no redemption ?? Leaving Carmen at the alter was such a thud - and YEAH , right - boinking that dork Cherrie with Carmen at home ? To take a character that far out into the light , then to have her fail in such a despicable way . Shane 's hard not to like , but , no way will she ever be anything but a `` ho '' - oh , sorry , `` what she is '' from now on , no matter HOW respectable of a woman they try to shove her toward - we 'll never buy into any of it .5 . Carmen . Too lovely not to keep around . Not a very good job of trying to draw in the Latino angle , but , a good try . Bring in an amazing older woman for her ! 6 . Helena - what a switch from bad to a potentially good person ; nice upswing with her , I liked her becoming a decent human being . Appropriate that she got royally burned by Dylan ! ... and the twist with her mother was WONDERFUL ! 7 . Dylan - YES ! God , what a GREAT character and that twist was awesome !! Loved the `` love scenes '' with her - HOT !!! -LRB- Ellen , you dope ! -RRB- 8 . Kit and Angus ... OK , not very believeable , but kinda sweet .9 . Max . I 'm sorry but , OMG WHAT ?? As hard as it is to stretch our lesbian reality into a pack of all beautiful women , it was nearly impossible to imagine Max breaking into the bunch , she/he was just too `` out there '' - but , if anyone could , it 's the ever weird Jenny . .10 . Jenny . She 's just too weird .11 . Billie - yeesh , creepy - and that sex scene with Max - did we REALLY need to experience that ?? 12 . Glad they 're gone
 I was so sad when Dana died and that she was all alone . I loved her character and I will miss seeing her in the future episodes .
 hi , i think the l word series three was great ... looking forward to watching series 4 ... janelle kington
 It 's a fun show to watch . I am glad I have it on DVD .
 GREAT DVD . FANTASTIC CHARACTERS WHO REALLY CARE ABOUT EACH OTHER.THE LOSS OF DANA WAS OVERWHELMING . IT FELT LIKEYOU LOST A FAMILY MEMBER WHEN DANA SUCCUMBED TO BREAST CANCER.GREAT WRITERS . WOULD LOVE TO MEET THE CAST , PRODUCERS & WRITERS OF THIS GREAT SERIES.ONCE YOU 'VE SEEN THE L WORD YOUR ADDICTED TO IT . YOU CA N'T WAIT FOR THE NEXT EPISODE TO AIR . .
 The season get more exciting , you want to know what 's happening or what 's going to happen next . I ca n't wait for the next season , I want to see how things will unfold . The loss of a person was heart-wrenching , but the coping of the rest of the cast was superbly done .
 The L Word third saison is the most intense . Lot of change in the shane 's life and some very sad moments about Dana . . It 's very difficult not to became a fan of these beautiful women . . It 's a pity not to meet the same ones in the true life !
 Season 3 was really good just not as good as the previous seasons . Still well worth the time it took to watch it all .
 I loved every min of the show !!!
 This cd set held me captive one Sunday afternoon and I had to drag myself away from it when I had to go out . I loved this series on Showtime but now that I do n't get Showtime anymore I have to rely on the CD set . It was well worth the money and I ca n't wait til season four comes out .
 It was a worthwhile buy considering it is so hard to find , nevermind buy lesbian DVD 's . I also love the series .
 Everything that happened in season 3 was here at my fingertips . I could fast forward past Jenny 's stupidity , past Max 's weirdness , rewind and replay the hot scenes , like when Dylan finally gave in to Helena just before ripping her heart out ... Shane being Shane and revealing how very Shane like she still is . Without revealing everything to the people that have n't seen season 3 yet , it is better than season 2 , but looks like it is merely an appetizer for season 4 .
 I love this great show - this season has been the best ever - ca n't wait for the next !
 i enjoyed this product very much . i can watch it over and over , that 's how good it is . love the `` shane '' character . awesome series to own .
 The 3rd season is the best yet . Ca n't wait for the next season !
 You can tell what you want ... critisize how realistic or how close it is sometimes to a cheap soap ... we just had a fun weekend watching the whole collection and will buy season 4 as soon as available :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 It would be great if the writers read these reviews , but I know they 're mostly for other people considering purchasing . I do n't get cable TV , so Showtime is out of the question . This is something I 've done every year now , simply purchase the series . The characters go through interesting transitions and yes , there are plenty you love to hate . But it 's like a good book , you ca n't wait to go home and watch the next episode when you 've just bought the series to see what happens to the girls next ! It 's hot , it 's fun , and yes , . I guess it is shorter than other years , but to me , still well worth the $ $ to watch it again and loan it out to my friends .
 The characters and story line continue to build and keep you more intetested . Anything with Pam Grier in it has to be a winner !
 I love it . I really like the story line and the depth of the characters . I would recommend to my friends .
 interesting but not entirely realistic portrayal of lgbtq lifestyles . very sexually charged almost at the level of smut . The characters are lovable and their problems are addictive
 I love this show !! The characters are beautiful and talented . Shane is my favorite !! The story lines are all very interesting .
 I enjoy this show , it 's quite entertaining . Stories are good , actresses are good , just all around good tv , especially since I do n't pay for the premium channel it was on .
 I am a huge L word fan !!! Love it so much that I usally purchase a season once it 's over . I own ver few TV shows on DVD but this is one I could n't do without .
 Great DVDs , terrific show . Everyone should watch it ! Well packaged and sent to protect the DVDs in transit . I 'm going to buy the other seasons .
 I have to say that it is the first show that I have been able to see all sides to lesbians . I love they showed all the truth and realness that is the gay community and how they are not different from ours yet go through even worst things because of they choice of partner . I love that you can see all these relationships unfold . Its one of the best series ive seen and im sad it ended .
 i love DANA . so this season is not bad . i definetly like season 2 better . but i 'll live and i ca n't wait for the 4th season . THE L WORD IS THE BOMB !!!!!!!!!
 series gives excellent insight into the challenges and opportunities faced by folks that experience a different lifestyle than the majority of americans at this point in time . sensual and riveting . nice work ! i would recommend this series to anyone who is interested in seeing a side of life they may not know a lot about otherwise .
 This is a show that you will completely fall in love with and if you have n't seen season 's 1 and 2 do n't start here . This is a show that 's addicting to watch and wo n't be able to stop watching . I love the L Word and hope they continue with the show for a long time .
 This is a great show that 's very close to how women like us live ! So many of the issues that come up are very recognizable , yet also very entertaining for those people who get their first look at lesbian life through this show .
 I loved the 3rd Season , and missed some of the episodes on Living TV in UK , so it 's been a joy to be able to watch them back to back !
 The L Word just gets better . The character development and introduction of new characters add so much to this exciting show . If you do n't subscribe to Showtime buy the DVD 's and join the L world .
 What a great show ! I have followed the L Word and watched every episode at least twice and I just love this show . The 3rd season is by far the best and I am really looking forward to number 4 .
 The Season was fantastic . I was very happy with product purchased .
 If U felt in love with all the characters of the first season , if U were a bit disappointed by the second season , do n't give up ... the third season is the one U waited ... and take a kleenex box beside U ... it will be usefull ... a very good season ... the characters are more than never all alive ... and full of love ... for life ...
 I always thought LA was a city defined by traffic , racism , commercialism , and the vanity of Hollywood until I saw THE NEW LOS ANGELES . After seeing the film and becoming more immersed in Los Angeles politics myself , I realized that there is so much more to LA. . LA is , believe it or not , a progressive city and THE NEW LOS ANGELES shows this hidden reality with clarity and passion . From the 20 year tenure of the first African American Mayor Tom Bradley to the election of our current Latino Mayor , Antonio Villaraigosa ; from the birth of the United Farm Workers Movement under Cesar Chavez and Dolores Huerta to the rise of the labor movement led by Miguel Contreras -- this film shows LA unlike you 've ever seen it before.I recommend it for anyone with a progressive vision for the country . The film deals with issues like immigration , living wage , economic justice and racial tension , which are shaping policy and discussion throughout the country . Los Angeles has consistently been a leader on many of these fronts , and how LA has handled key challenges and events in its recent history can surely serve as a model for communities across the country .
 This movie is just flat out funny . I guess they tried to make it a horror but the snakes at times are the funniest thing ever . If you like a light horror with humor to it then this is the movie for you .
 The thing I really liked about Snake Island isthat it could happen . Thousands of ticked-offsnakes trap a few unsuspecting humans on anremote island.These people are n't cleverly overcoming a 400foot `` freak of nature '' , they 're fighting justto survive the onslaught of literally thousandsof venomous reptiles.A boat load of interesting characters stop atSnake Island , which is a tourist resort in Africa , for various reasons . They 're there for a good timeand they actually do for awhile.This movie has a really good sense of humorat times.These people are believeable . There are noheavy duty killers on the run or evil scientistshiding amoungst the crew , ordinary touristsor people on business.It may take awhile for anyone to realize theylanded in the wrong place at the wrong time -LRB- although the audience knows right away -RRB- , but , once they do , things happen at a furiouspace.The real snakes are everywhere . They have killedbefore to survive , and as some in this currentgroup of visitors begins to pose a threat , theyreact again in the same deadly manner.Without giving away the whole plot , I think the `` punchline '' of Snake Island is that it 's sometimesenough just to survive a terrorizing situation.It reminded me of my wartime experience.Because of it 's sense of reality , I really enjoyedthis flick .
 This movie came out during the time when it was a lot of snake movies since Anaconda with Jennifer Lopez and Ice Cube was successful . However this was cheaply made , the budget used to fund this was probably less than what 's in my pocket right now . The plot is ripped off Anaconda 's -LRB- 1997 -RRB- movie , and the director really did not try to be creative with this movie . I understand not everybody can afford a huge 20,000,000 dollar project , but you can still make a good cheap movie by being creative , I honestly believe I could have done a better job on a snake film . But this movie is funny to me , because of its cheap quality and dry characters , I give this 4 stars for it being funny .
 I GOT THIS MOVIE FOR FREE THIS TIME AND IT WAS FUN TO WATCH IF YA LIKE SNAKE MOVIES TRY IT TRY THIS ONE . I DARE YA .
 In the tradition of `` Airheads '' and `` That Thing You Do '' comes this against-genre film from the director of the dark fantasy adaptation of `` The Crow '' and sci-fi classic `` Dark City '' -LRB- as well as this summer 's would-be box office hit `` I , Robot '' -RRB- Alex Proyas . It 's another in a line of interestingly quirky Australian movies -LRB- and in fact not terribly dissimilar from the late Michael Hutchence 's acting debut `` Dogs In Space '' , though certainly far more light-hearted -RRB- that adds to that nation 's reputation as a producer of fine cinema that pound-for-pound can go round-for-round with the heavyweights of the industry in Hollywood without breaking a sweat.The film was obviously a labor of love , and even though the band at the center of the movie was definitely low-fi , the movie itself was shot using first-class editing and production values . The scenes of introspection when characters are given to voiceover monologue are particularly effective , to say nothing of the `` Fun With Drugs '' sequences . And even though there is a shortage of original music -LRB- how do you go about writing a song that you DO N'T want to sound good ? -RRB- , the music used on the soundtrack itself is a terrific sampling of classic rock and alternative music that have been genre standards for ages , used to good effect -LRB- especially AC/DC and the Cure -RRB- . The actors are certain to be unknown to most American audiences , and not all characters are developed as evenly as they should be -LRB- this is particularly true of the band 's bassist Tanya , who starts out as the frontman 's girlfriend and then almost disappears from the plot entirely , instead being relegated to a position player ; the fact that the characters are introduced at the beginning of the movie by the instrument they play in the band rather than their respective character names is not likely an accident -RRB- . It is true that all of the classic rock - & - roll lifestyle cliche 's are represented ; there are problems with relationships , problems with drugs , and even problems with maintaining a grip on reality . There are sleazy managers , sexually manipulative diva wanna-bes , and has-beens who just do n't know when to cut the mullet and get a real job . We 've seen these issues play out across the pages of Billboard and Rolling Stone magazines with megaplatinum acts like the Beatles , Fleetwood Mac , Pink Floyd , and of course the Rolling Stones . This is a movie that is dedicated to all the bands -LRB- a few of which I have been a member of -RRB- that never made it far enough to implode in such public surroundings.As the case of the DVD asks
 I totally bought this movie just because Chris Sadrinna was so hot as a punk rocker !
 Having been in many bands I could easily identify with the group this film centers around . The film is quickly paced and pretty engaging , but I did find it a little uneven in tone at times . I do n't want to give anything away , but I am rarely surprised when watching a film and this film does drop a bomb or two that I was n't expecting.It 's a fun film with some insight on the rough road of `` Rock 'N' Roll '' . It 's no joke and even though I have had moderate success in the business , it 's not easy being in a band no matter how successful you are ! An interesting soundtrack and an honest look at band life even if it is pretty light at times , it does have it 's dark moments .
 If you liked TRAINSPOTTING and SLC PUNK you 'll like GARAGE DAYS . Also has elements of REQUIEM FOR A DREAM and SALTON SEA . `` You do n't have to be a rock star to feel like one '' is the saying for this group who have the drive but is Australia ready for them ? With the growing trend of pretty boy djs live music has become the sign of the past.There are valuable lessons to be learned : FUN WITH DRUGS PART 1The visual and physical effects of taking drugs . Create a world of your own if the world around you sucks!FUN WITH DRUGS PART 2Here 's to bleeding your parents dry . Drug taking at its best when you invite your parents over for dinner . Heads will burn ! Then ask them for money.Then there 's the sexual interaction among the 4 group members . Freddy and Tanya are an item but Freddy loves Kate who 's involved with Joe Papa who 's not faithful to her . But when Joe Papa realizes his loyality towards Kate he creates a fruity baby by the name of Millie Melon -LRB- an actual melon -RRB- caring for it as if a real baby . Is this confusing yet ? Well , Tanya never was satisfied with Freddy to begin with and ends up with Lucy who has the most bizzare sexual habits to tickle her fancy . The group gets a real break when Freddy finds the wallet of a successful band promotor . Do they have what it takes ? Watch GARAGE DAYS and find out for yourself .
 You know the story of the band that has everything against it , but manages - through determination , luck , camradery and musical skill - to break into the big time and then lives happily ever after?This is that story except the band has no musical skill.Garage Days is the story of five friends who come to learn that their love of music transcends making a living as a band or even being very good at playing . What they do succeed at is finding out what it means to have friends and lovers and that relationships that will last a lifetime can come upon you at the most strange times and circumstances ... and often with the person you least suspect.The film has the humorous rough edge found in many Australian productions , an earthy good-humour driven as much by the culture as the screenplay . The cast of relative newcomers are convincing in their roles , even if the characterizations are a bit thin.Sit back and enjoy the humour and joyfullness of this well-made film .
 I saw this film well over a year ago at the Sundance Film Festival . It was very funny and often visually stunning . Proyas brings his intense and imaginative style to a simple romantic comedy about a garage band , resulting in a unique experience . The romantic aspect is not very strong , but I still give the film 5 stars -LRB- rounding up from 4.5 -RRB- . I plan to buy the DVD when it is released ...
 Plot
 This movie falls in as one of the top in the sex , drugs , and rock and roll genre . In the tradition of movies such as Velvet Goldmine or Go , this movie is a fun and often times hilarious ride perfect for those drunken get-togethers with friends . The characters are very likeable . The lead singer is hopelessly in love with a girl pregnant with his schizophrenic friend 's baby . The bassist is a strong female in search of a good orgasm . The drummer is a pharmacy-robbing druggy in search of a perfect high , and the guitarist is the schizophrenic . All in all , these are all people I 'd want to hang out with on a Saturday night . This movie is beautifully acted , well directed , and well written . It 's a shame that it did n't get the attention it deserved when out in theatres . I 'd highly recommend this movie in every regard .
 `` Garage Days '' is a comedy from director Alex Proyas made in between `` Dark City '' and `` I , Robot , '' that asks the musical question , `` What if you finally got your big break and you just plain sucked ? '' The setting is Sydney , Australia , or more specifically the suburb of Newton , although that fact is probably lost on anybody who does not live Down Under . Freddy -LRB- Kick Gurry -RRB- is the lead singer of a band , the name of which I do not think we ever get to hear , which makes sense because we never really get to hear their music that much either . This is because the band has trouble getting a gig.Besides Freddy the band consists of Joe -LRB- Brett Siller -RRB- on lead guitar , Tanya -LRB- Pia Miranda -RRB- on bass , and Lucy -LRB- Chris Sadrinna -RRB- on drums . Bruno -LRB- Russell Dykstra -RRB- is the less than competent manager and Kate -LRB- Maya Stange -RRB- is Joe 's girlfriend and apparentlty the group 's sole groupie . What becomes key here is not the group 's music -LRB- they play `` rock '' -RRB- but the fact that they are about to go through the whole `` Rumours '' phase of Fleetwood Mac , but without the hit album . Freddy and Tanya are living together , but when Joe ignores Kate to run off on his own a conversation sparks a kiss between Freddy and Kate . The next thing we know Joe is trying to rip Freddy 's head off , Tanya has moved out , Karen discovers she is pregnant with Joe 's child , Lucy continues his question to find the perfect `` 10 '' in terms of pharmacological high , and I can still hear you saying that you will never break , never break , the chain.Freddy and the band need a break , and they might have found one with Shad Kern -LRB- Marton Csokas -RRB- , who is a big shot in the music industry -LRB- or at least he acts like one -RRB- . The band just needs a break , one opportunity to play their music for a crowd and change their destinies . They are about at the point of giving up on the dream , but as Kate points out to Freddy , a dream only becomes something stupid when you stop believing in it and while the notion of having a date with destiny drives the film , it eventually dawns on Freddy that he is dreaming about more than being a rock star . After all , there is the example of former Seventies rocker , Kevin -LRB- Andy Anderson -RRB- , who is as much a cautionary tale as he is an indirect glimpse at the glory days possible as a rock star.Although the fact that Joe is deeply troubled in a way that goes beyond what the band members experience when Lucy gives them a bit of ecstasy to help mellow them out , this is essentially a feel good comedy . You will get the best sense of this during the final credits when the cast taken their curtain calls dancing to the Tom Jones hit `` Help Yourself . '' Maybe the good feeling I picked up on is more than is actually justified by the comedy , but Freddy is a decent bloke and the story is not exactly following the familiar formula of a musical rags-to-riches story , which also helps . A happy ending is a safe assumption , but what it might take is not a foregone conclusion . Proyas spices up the story with some cute tricks and the result is that `` Garage Days '' is a fun little movie without aspirations to be much more .
 Though I have not yet seen the DVD or VHS versions of the movie , I was lucky enough to see it in theatres while in Australia , October of 2002 . The Aussie culture shines brilliantly in this film , leaving nothing out . . not even `` pokies '' . There are moments during the movie where I laughed almost hysterically . The acting is great , hilarious lines and characters that could easily be my friends . DO NOT MISS THIS MOVIE
 This movie has a lot of suspense and a good story line ! I believe the writer / director has a great future .
 All in all a fun movie , without all the gore . Filmed in St. Charles Illinois , worth the time to rent it .
 As a life-long resident of St. Charles I was excited about seeing the sights of my town but was n't expecting much from the thriller part of the movie ; plus I 'm not usually one to get scared at movies . Munger Road did a great job capturing the beauty -LRB- and creepiness , lol -RRB- of St. Charles and I was pretty scared in parts . Scary like the first and best `` Halloween '' movie ! The ending was a tad lame but all in all I would recommend it.Ideas to include in the sequel
 I think the director , Nick Smith , did a commendable job with this movie . Being from the area where it is set and knowing the history of Munger Road added to the suspense . My kids and their friends from Glenbard North High School would often drive to the area -LRB- which I did not know until recently that years ago , they did this -RRB- and even if you do n't believe any of the tales , the location has always been a dark , eerie place - the road and surrounding area itself is unique . Sure it can be said - that is true of many other areas but Munger Road , -LRB- the actual road -RRB- has its own set of circumstances ; it remains isolated and remote , and as depicted in the movie the kids can run or walk but seemingly , any direction leads to nowhere , especially at night . The actor Bruce Davison does a fantastic job , Randall Batinkoff is great , the `` kids '' are excellent as well . Munger Road is enhanced by this cast , in that , their characters are believable . Hopefully , a sequel or part 2 will be made of Munger Road .
 I just saw this movie last night at it 's re-release at Charlestown Mall in St. Charles . Uncoincidentally , it is the weekend of the Scarecrow Festival there . I loved the movie ! Not only was it really fun to see St. Charles as the backdrop -LRB- I got married in the church they went into , and had my reception in the Rainbow Room at Hotel Baker , also a scene in the movie -RRB- , but I also think it was a very good horror movie . Good use of lighting and sound , an effective score , solid acting and a serious dose of suspense made for a very enjoyable movie experience . Another thing I appreciated was that all the violence happened off camera . You could hear it but not see it ... that 's always so much worse !
 The movie was very suspenseful and interesting . I 'm excited for the sequel . Nick Smith did a great job on this movie . The Bears still suck .
 I usually only give my opinions on films . I do n't usually do full reviews . I loved the movie so much . My only complaint was that it is to be continued . I wanted , badly , to find out who the killer was .
 My entirely biased opinion
 I had met the director , Nick Smith , when he was a student at Columbia College . When I went to an early screening of this movie , what I expected to see was a `` student film '' . But from the opening frame this film was an incredible surprise . Suspense , scares , really good performances , interesting visuals , wonderfully shot , an amazingly professional first-time film . I was surprised that Roger Ebert chose to review this film but not surprised that he gave it a rave three-star review -LRB- out of four -RRB- . This film is worth seeing ! Maybe even more than once !
 This is a great local horror flick that gets back to the way movies where made before the insert special effect here mode LA is currently in .
 My boyfriend and I love horror movies , and we have been scraping the absolute bottom of the barrel on Amazon and Netflix 'til new stuff comes out , but we happened across this one and yay ! I thought we 'd already seen all the decent horror movies out there but I was pleasantly proven wrong . The movie was `` real '' enough that you both believed and cared about the characters . Plus , the juxtaposition of the teen storyline and the cop storyline kept both from feeling too tedious . Yes , the TBC at the end was pretty ridiculous , but I really did like the open ending -- it added a new creepy factor that it 's hard for movies to pull off ! It 's enjoyably slow with a nice build-up , and not too much ridiculous gore or stupid , unbelievable actions from cardboard characters . I really liked this movie and I recommend it if you 're looking for something a little scary and entertaining .
 I saw this movie at the theater and honestly can compare it to the original Halloween -LRB- with Jaime Lee Curtis -RRB- . Absolutely bone chilling with little to no gore . The psycho factor is there minus the blood . More modern day horror movies should be filmed like this . Sometimes the imagination and anticipation are more entertaining than the blood and guts . This will probably turn into the same cult classic that Halloween eventually became .
 This little gem is not bad . I checked it out on a whim and was delighted about by impulse decision . This story is a ghost/suspense and horror story done a bit more cleaner than most of the movies coming out . It does not necessary thrive on gore but it 's story line . I noticed that the role the small town police department seems to play is more genuine and real instead of the stereotypical ones .
 I really like this movie . I saw this in theater 's . Nick did a great job with the limited funds he had and even being a small town director . Good job Nick everyone in Saint Charles is proud of you !
 I saw it the day it came out in the theater . I enjoyed it even more the second time seeing it at home . I love seeing St. Charles and the surrounding area in a film . Ca n't wait for the sequel !
 I absolutely love this movie . It is one of the best movies I have ever seen . It 's very suspenseful , and it always has you on the edge of your seat . The end leaves you thinking , and I am super pumped for the second one to come out . I would recommend this movie to every person I know ! It is definitely one of my top 5 favorite movies . Love the scariness : -RRB-
 WTF ... . they didnt ask me or my brother to be in this movie . when most of the myths and legends are based on our shenanigans and tom foolery from 1998-2002 era . we must have stole every munger rd street sign in the area . YEAH the army trail/munger rd sign we had to lasso that thing down . those things where total P ** sy magnents . `` owwwww youve been to munger rd '' . `` yeah baby -LRB- in bruce campbell voice -RRB- we own it '' then give sign to girl . fortunatly for us the statute of limitations is up on that . but also we used to hide in the woods and run out at the idiots parking by the tracks and scare them into driving off . i actually didnt make it all the way through the movie fell asleep at a friends but looks like the dude who made it burnt it on his own computer , it was a freaking dvd-r . jeez why didnt they go door to door in Wayne and get some loot off the rich dudes there to get the dvd 's produced . i dont think they answered the real mystery of munger rd. . WTF happened to the house that was 10 feet from the tracks in 1998 and in 1999 there was no house just demolished . ANYways when they want to do the follow up and get a 30 yr old 250lb dude to play a highscool dude they know who the call .
 Director Nick Smith has done an excellent Job with his first Movie '' Munger Road '' . It reminds me of an Alfred Hitchcock thriller . Cast is great and Bruce Davidson does a fantastic Job as the Town Sheriff . I can wait to see more from Smith
 Great movie to watch . I like the movie cause there was n't to many special effects which sometimes it takes away from the and it does n't make it real enough to seem scary .
 We saw the movie at the show and it was scary . It 's better at home with the lights out . Eerie and subtle at same time . Does n't hit you over the head with jump out scares .
 This thriller kept me on the edge of my seat . With two story lines going back and forth , I kept wanting more from one while the other drew me in . This kept me interested in the current storyline while anticipating going back to the second storyline . Great suspense and good choice of characters .
 I am not usually inclined to watch horror flicks or urban legendsbut a friend of mine got me to watch Munger Road on a trip to Chicago.I can tell you I jumped from my seat a few times . I thought the storyline was good and I walked away thinking I hope the sequel comes outsoon as I want to know what happens to these kids . . Worth the watch.Bruce was an awesome sheriff in this movie and the kids were amazing . The nexttime I fly to Chicago I will be looking to find Munger Road!Elsieswift
 I loved this movie . All the suspense without the gore . Clever writer ! Will buy this movie for sure !!! Hope there is a sequel .
 Three sisters are in a predicament about their beloved gay brother , Nino , who has decided to marry a woman . Nino has also decided to sell the family hotel Paraiso which is located in Portugal , and this upsets the sisters as it is a haven of family memories . The marriage is planned to take place within three weeks at the family hotel , which gives the sisters a very limited time to find a way to sabotage the wedding as they want to keep the hotel in family . In the quest for sabotaging the marriage the sister 's own relationships undergo revelations . Zus & Zo is a fun drama that offers both entertainment and thought , which in the end provides a good cinematic experience .
 Three witch-like sisters , One annoyed little-gay-brother fighting for independence , a beautiful bride and two very special husbands -LRB- the witches 's -RRB- , all wrapped up with the best showcase of dutch culture and way of life . Two best things
 This movie had many interesting aspects . Do n't watch this unless you are fine with some crazy twists . No , this movie did n't have the production quality of say ... Avatar . However , it was very good nonetheless . The ending was ... wow ! Which leads me to say , yes . I gave this 4 stars , just notched one because of where it fits in my tastes . I will recommend it though .
 This is an inspirational film for any independant filmmaker out there . Jason 's contagious enthusiasm is projected in this film . I acually enjoyed the bonus features even a little more than the movie -LRB- although the movie is amazing . -RRB- This film should be at every college and filmschool to inspire those film students . Great stuff !
 There is no secret about it , Dungeons of Harrow is an absolute double turkey if there ever was one . It 's incredibly stupid , poorly filmed , badly constructed . The budget ... it just was n't there during the filming . The writer-director also duplicates as as the make-up artist . And then ... there comes the film 's main asset
 I have been obsessed with this movie since I was about seven years old . I saw it on the afternoon movie while visiting my Grandparents one summer in Clovis , NM . Since that day , the hideous vision of the leprous Countess DeSade lurking around in the dungeon has never left me.I adore this movie in all its cheapness . I love watching it and I do n't care what anyone says.The scene where the Countess DeSade in her rotting dress and veil steps out from the dark corner and says , `` I am the Countess ! '' , will haunt me forever.It is oddly one of the defining moments of my childhood , or at least something I remember better than almost anything else.I am STUNNED that this has been given a DVD release , but I am completely overjoyed !!
 Pat Boyette , former comicbook artist for Charlton comics made this wonderful piece of cimematic horror . A man and his ship 's captain find themselves stranded on an island inhabited by Count DeSade , an insane man if there ever was one . He spends most of the movie torturing the ships captain and making everyone else 's life miserable as well.It 's hard to believe it , but this film is about as creepy as they come . I first saw it in the early 80 's and I am very glad it has been brought to DVD by Alpha . Check it out !!!
 Imagine a Roger Corman Edgar Allen Poe movie filmed without a budget , cast with people under a hypnotic trance . You will find a most fragrant and suffocating film here . You can appreciate DUNGEONS OF HARROW as camp ; it ranks up there with the most deeply personal works of major filmmakers . Everybody should see this at least once .
 Pat Boyette was far too skilled to make a really bad movie like this one , by accident . He was an extraordinarily-gifted comic book illustrator ; I believe that this movie is in fact , a comic book brought to life . From that standpoint , it all makes sense . Where else would you find dialogue like this
 South Park 's biggest year in my opinion was 1999 , with the movie and everything , and this season may not be as good as the movie , but still a great lot of shows . Here are my opinions on each episode :301 - Rainforest Schmainforest 9/10 Gettin Gay with kids is now on DVD ! 302 - Spontaneous Combustion 10/10 I love this concept303 - Succubus 8/10 Not as good as the 1st 2304 - Jakovasaurs 9/10 This is funny305 - Tweek Vs. Craig 10/10 Instant classic306 - Sexual Harrassment Panda 10/10 Ditto307 - Cat Orgy 8/10 Meteor shower trilogy is OK , but not as good as others from this season308 - Two Guys Naked In A Hot Tub 7/10 Least favourite from this season and of the meteor showers309 - Jewbilee 9/10 Best of the Meteor Showers310 - KORN 's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery 9/10 This is a great show especially with the Antonio Banderas Blow-Up Doll311 - Chinpokomon 12/10 One of my favourite South Park episodes of all time312 - Hooked On Monkey Fonics 8/10 After Chinpokomon , this kinda turns things down a notch313 - Starvin ' Marvin In Space 10/10 Better than the 1st Starvin Marvin ! 314 - The Red Badge Of Gayness 9/10 This one is cool , Schmore Schnapps should be a real drink315 - Mr Hankey 's Christmas Classics 8/10 All songs , not as good as other xmas specials316 - Are You There God ? It 's Me , Jesus . 9/10 Very contraversial , one of the more serious episodes317 - Worldwide Recorder Concert 9/10 The Brown Noise is just plain stupid.My advice
 The third season of South Park is indeed the best out of all the nine seasons . In this season we follow Cartman , Stan , Kyle , and Kenny through many adventures including the boys joining the traveling chior '' Getting Gay with Kids '' . They also learn about Sexual Harrasment from a giant talking panda . Kyles dad and Stans dad get too freindly in the hot tub . Cartmans Cat has a sex Party . They boys also get caught up in craze of the famous chinpokemon . And they try to take over the world . We listen to the songs of christmas with Mr. Hankey the singing peice of poo as the host . The boys also travel to a recorder concert and they discover how to play music that uncontrolably makes you poop.There are many other great episodes in this season too . I just named a few . I own all the South Park Seasons and this one is by far my favorite . Season 4 is # 2 .
 Season 3 -LRB- like season 1 & 2 -RRB- are well worth the money . The only episode I did n't care for was `` Korn 's Groovy Pirate Mystery '' . But it does n't really matter because episodes like `` World Wide Recorder Concert '' , `` Sexual Harassment Panda '' and -LRB- my personal season 3 favorite -RRB- `` Mr. Hankey 's Christmas Classics '' . P.S. . It was just announced `` South Park Season 4 '' should be released in JUNE 2004 ! ''
 Well let me say that I am a southpark fan to heart , but this season was halarious . You get to see new characters , and everytime it seems like kenny is going to make it , something happens . Cartman is more selfish than ever , and thinks he can out smart his friends and ends up getting himself into even more trouble . If you already have the 1st and 2nd Season this one will blow you away .
 This season is definetely one of the top South Park seasons . The first episode about the Rainforest shows this very well , featuring a musical group called `` Getting Gay With Kids '' and a hilarious trip to the Rainforest . It ends up mocking the environmentalist movement while , at the same time , being one of the funniest South Park episodes ever.Another classic is the final episode which features Mr. Garrison being mad at his dad because he DID N'T molest him as a child . This is one of the funniest -LRB- and screwed up -RRB- moments in television history . Other episodes feautre Ethiopians going into space , the Japaneese taking over America with Chinpokomon , -LRB- got ta catch 'em all -RRB- the entire town of South Park trying to take over the South while drunk , and more.Also , the collection itself is very well put together . There are three DVD 's , and each contain 5-6 episodes , totalling to 17 episodes . They also contain very interesting mini-commentary from the creators , Matt Stone and Trey Parker . These are fun to listen to.Anyway , this is an excellent collection .
 This is probably my favorite South Park DVD set so far . Most of the episodes in this set are quoted by many friends , including Jakovasaurs , Sexual Harassment Panda , Chinpoko Mon , and Spontaneous Combustion . The second season was an improvement on the first , and the third season improved on the second.All fans of South Park should own have this in their collection .
 Why would n't you . This season is great . The only thing that makes it even better is the mini commentary which I find hilarious , I 'm glad they brought it back for season four . This is truly the turning point in the series . Things just start getting better .
 First of all South Park has always been hilarious through each and every episode . Back when it started I hated it for some reason , but now I see the genius of this great show . I have just finished viewing this set and I think it was better overall than the first two seasons . I guess why I love the show as much as I do is Cartman , who kills me pretty much anytime he opens his mouth . Some of the included episodes I had seen before and others I had not . I just saw Rainforest Shmainforest for the first time and it cracked me up . A lot of the dialogue from that one is centered on Cartman , and those are my favorite episodes . Another great episode is the Red Badge of Gayness , where `` General Cartman Lee '' convinces drunk Confederate soldiers in a re-enactment to march on the south , and Kenny dies at the Battle of Fort Sumter in the process . I listen to Korn , so the episode Korn 's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery is another one I hold in high regards . It has some great references to the classic Scooby-Doo series as well which is great to see.So I think that Season 3 brought more sharp humor than season 1 and 2 and the show was beginning to really achieve greatness . Overall , even with the lack of any good extras , it is a nice dvd box set to own . Yes , it is over-priced , but that is a small price to pay when you can have South Park at your disposal anytime you wish to see it . So I recommend this set , and now I will view the season 4 set that I just picked up today . I swear this show gets even better every season that passes .
 I love south park people who hate south park only watched one episode than said `` OH MY GOODNESS !!! TOO MUCH CUSSING ! '' some south park episodes dont even swear . . south park is a show that makes fun of stuff that are popular and a lot of adults might hate south park but my mom loves south park ! she used to hate it because she saw one episode called `` the death camp of tolerance '' but I showed her a couple more episodes and she loved them ! and I watched south park when it first came out , I 'm almost 19 if you are wondering my age ... and yes I am in colledge but its the weekends , and if you saw the one of the new episode of south park `` passion of jew '' I have to agree passion is just a movie about christ getting tortured for 2 hours , just watch a few watch a couple of episodes then you will probably like it , and if you think its evil its TV-MA for a reason ! I highly reccomend this for 18 or older people
 I 'm going to keep this review short and sweet . When you have Moses as the thing from Tron , you just ca n't possibly go wrong . The Chinpokomon , Meteor Shower Trilogy and the Brown Noise episodes are all classics , and Matt and Trey 's `` Commentary Mini '' are absolutely classic .
 SOUTHPARK is one of those shows that most people either love or hate.It 's easily misleading to the haters because it has so much profanity and gross bodily gestures , as well as stabs at anything Americans hold sacred -LRB- i.e. Church , liberties , etc -RRB- . During an interview , the creators made the comment that nothing could be held sacred in this series because that would have destroyed the spirit of their show.The purpose of SOUTHPARK is sometimes satirical , and , this is one of the two levels of the show . On the base level , we 've got the high school jokes and usual crude humor . For those who appreciate satire , there are deeper levels of meaning.To understand SOUTHPARK , you have to understand that they lift ideas and themes from old movies , making fun of actors , celebrities and so forth . It would take forever to list the 30 + episodes but here are some of the top ones : -LRB- 1 -RRB- SUCCUBUS
 chinpokemon , tweek vs craig , choir concert , Mr. Hankey Christmas Classics , Are u there god its me jesus , ect . there all great . If your a big fan of south park you 'll love this.can ' t wait for season 5 to come out -LRB- my favorite season -RRB-
 This season has the best episodes , my favorite was hooked on monkey phonics , and rainforest shmainforest , they were very cute and funny episodes , Kyle sing very good too . . and chinpokomon was an awesome episode I love cartman 's little whine . .
 This is one of my all-time favorite cartoons . Something about the obnoxious humor , the animation , and the fact that Kenny dies in almost every episode make this a great cartoon . And the third season was one of my favorite seasons . So here it is
 This box set is attractive , and the discs themselves do n't have the annoying features that are present on volumes one and two . Very glad to finally own these ... ca n't wait for the next seasons !
 Totally raw and amazing . Watch them in moderation because you could hurt things from busting out so much . The humor is so risky and sometimes just insane but thats what is good . Everything does n't have to so real and serious all the time . That is what I think Trey Parker adn Matt Stone were going for . These are the 2 guys behind all this insane humor . If you like any aspect of South Park you will love this season , it 's full of trips and stunts from the boys from South Park . All packed onto 3 discs . Enjoy
 I am a very huge fan of south park and I watch the show every day . Sometimes , I wo n't do my homework for half an hour just so I can watch the show . I love purchasing dvd sets for shows like this because just in case I missed anything , I know that I can just pop the dvd in and watch it . However , this dvd set will suck your wallet dry as with any of the other south park season dvd 's . The only reason I gave this dvd 5 stars is because I like the show , and I like the idea of watching a whole season in one sitting , Regardless of my complaints about pricing and lack of extras . The extras , like everybody says , are very stupid and should not even be in there . They are too short and there is not even enough of them to keep you doing something else besides watching the shows . I love the south park show because it is completely hilarious , but I hate the fact that they bleeped out all the bad words in this dvd as if it was just taped off the air . It is not enough to stop me from getting this dvd though . Besides pricing , if you are a fan of south park , you really should get this dvd , especially the third season , which is my favorite season because that is when south park finally became popular and really became born . A must have .
 `` Do n't stand in the way of my dreams , babe ! '' `` Wicky - wick , wicky - wicky - wick , wicked scratch ! Yo , yo , bang , bang ! '' `` Now , Skeeter , he ai n't hurtin ' nobody . '' `` Listen up , gang . I think I 've got this groovy mystery solved . '' `` WHAT WORD IS JAKOVASAURS ??!! COOL BEANS !! '' `` No , I 'm gon na play Jacqueline Smith . It was my idea to play Angels , and I 'm gon na be Jacqueline Smith , 'cause I thought of it ... '' `` Long live The Confedera-saw . We will prevail ... because I hate you guys ... I hate you guys so very , very much ... '' `` Sexual harrassment is when ... you 're in bed with a woman , and another man comes up and tickles your balls from behind . '' `` Do n't screw around ... You screw around too much . '' `` I think about planes dropping bombs ... and dump trucks , and soft-serve ice cream ... oh , that did it . '' `` Of course I am God ... what did you expect me to look like ... ? '' `` Lousy stupid stuffed animals tryin ' to ruin my night . '' `` All you got ta do is give us a mission , and that 's all . Just give us a mission , and us Angels will accomplish it . '' `` Lem me tell you about gettin ' a period , children ... Makin ' sweet love to you , woman ... gon na love you down nice an -- AH ! Eeewwwwwww , girl ! No , that 's cool , that 's cool -- just look out for the bedspread -- ''
 I like South Park a lot and tried to get some of my friends to like it but ! This cartoon is not too sofr core like Futurerama for example . Many people find this show pretty ofensive cause it contains a truck load of stupid and wierd humor wich is why i like it . But i am just saying that you or some other person can find this show ofensive so instead just some simpsons i guess.Persomaly though this is one of my top5 shows right there.Hope i was helpfull .
 Trey Parker and Matt Stone were at the time making the South Park movie as well as creating the show so certain episodes fall flat while others were just downright hilarious . It does n't really have an effective finale like usual but it 's still a great season.Rainforest Schmainforest
 Season Three of SOUTH PARK was funny funny funny despite -LRB- or maybe because -RRB- Matt and Trey were strung out from doing the movie and the show simultaneously . The season starts off strong with Jennifer Aniston as a touring choir director out to save the rainforest , and every episode afterwards is just as good ! They skewer everything -- Pokemon , The Stations of the Cross , Sexual Harassment ... you name it!One reviewer on down the line said they did not approve of the BAD LANGUAGE ! What the hell !??! I was shocked to see the bleeps still in the show like they aired on COMEDY CENTRAL , but they sort of make it funny . The mini-commentaries -LRB- each episode gets 4 minutes ! -RRB- are a scream ! SOUTH PARK like the SIMPSONS has somehow kept up its bite and edge over the years , and SEASON THREE is no exception . All the stuff we love - Kenny still dies in every episode , Cartman still whines `` Screw you guys I 'm going home ! '' and `` Repect my authority ! '' , and several satirical songs come to life -LRB- I really liked the SEXUAL HARASSMENT PANDA song - turn the volume up and you can hear the lyrics ! -RRB- . SOUTH PARK came of age in Season 3 , and established itself as a trend and fad that would not fade .
 Simultaneously produced with the brilliant South Park feature film , the third season of South Park was when it was proof that the wildly irreverant show was here to stay . Containing some of the series ' most brilliant and hilarious episodes -LRB- including `` The Succubus '' , `` Tweek VS Craig '' , `` Starvin ' Marvin in Space '' , and `` Hooked on Monkey Phonics '' -RRB- , season 3 was comedic gold from it 's premiere on . The three episode `` Meteor Shower Party '' trilogy -LRB- all three episodes take place on the same night -RRB- is the highlight here
 I love having South Park in my DVD collection ! I have the other two as well and it just keeps getting better and better ! My favorite is a tie between Cat orgy and Chinpokomon ... I just love the idea of mixing adult humor with animation ! Ca n't wait to get more
 There is some absolutely classic , ca n't miss stuff on this season of the greatest animated series ever . `` The Succubus '' is an often underrated episode that anyone that 's ever been with a life sucking woman will undoubtedly love , and `` Mr Hankey 's Christmas Classics '' have some of the funniest songs ever produced on the show -LRB- see the Dreidel Song -LRB- sp ? -RRB- -RRB- . Overall , not my absolute favorite season ever , but it is the best one that has come out on DVD so far , so if you liked the first two , you 'll like this one also . And please , stop the whining about the `` mini-commentaries '' and how they 've somehow ruined the DVDs . Matt and Trey have ALWAYS done things their way , and that 's what makes South Park and almost all of their subsidiaries great comedy to those who `` get it '' and dispicable to those that do n't . I , for one , get it . And I do n't know if I 'm right or wrong , but I personally think it 'd be VERY boring to talk through an entire episode of south park , detailing frame-for-frame how and why they did what they did -LRB- not to mention that it 'd be almost intolerable to listen to -RRB- . And also , do n't think that Trey and Matt somehow owe you anything for spending your money on this , cuz they do n't . The only thing that they owe you is to produce quality shows , cuz if and when the time comes that they do n't , I 'm sure that South Park 's `` loyal '' fans will have no problem bolting on them . So get over yourselves if you actually believe they owe you or any other South Park fan something for buying this .
 the third season of south park offers more episodes of the adventure of cartman , kenny , stan , and kyle . we see episodes from visiting the rainforest -LRB- with jen aniston as a guest voice -RRB- , renactment of the civil war which then becomes real , the great chinpokomon fad , the christmas special were stan and kyle are killed , and of course the discovery of the brown note . unlike the first two season this one gets rid of the annoying short stints at the begining and just gives use the episode up front . so its time to get on your winter coat and head to south park .
 This is the season that SP really got good . If you gave up after season 1 and 2 , do yourself a favor and check out this season . It really takes off . It 's worth it for the Mr. Hanky christmas special which had me laughing out loud with the opening song about poo .
 Great item , and I 'm enjoying it , thanks ! Great sale too ! Item came to me very quickly ! I 'm very happy with my order !
 This made a great for my ex when we were together . He loves South Park and has every season thanks to me
 ` South Park
 I got this for christmas and wacthed every epiosed . I luaghed so hard my stomach hurt the next day . My faviort one is Mr. Hankey 's Christmas Classics . I laughed at Mr. Garrisens song and I loved Cartmans '' O'holy Nights '' I guarnte you 'll love it .
 South Park is the best thing out of the US since Marilyn Monroe.Hilarious , ca n't get enough of it . The `` micro commentary '' are fun and the episodes are excelent.I still can not stop laughing at the `` Alabaaaama Man '' commercial .
 I love the Tweek Vs Craig episode , I also like the Rainforest where you first see Craig giving Mr.Mackey the bird.My favorite is Mr. Hankey 's Christmas Classics , The songs were so funny , except Shelly , She 's so mean.I wish someone would give her a good licking . I did n't know there was a Seinfeld-like thing on South Park.I should get it next time .
 South Park Season 3 is just what I expected . Another great addition in this series and it was well worth the money . It 's so great having all of these episodes at my disposal where I can watch them whenever I want .
 South park is probably the best cartoon ever made , it is much better than simpsons or futurama although they are funny as well.Anybody with a sense of humour should like it , my favourite character is timmy or cartman , i enjoy watching the commentary at the beginning of the episodes although unfortunately they did n't put any in the second season . I am 13 , and i think this is n't too grown up for most people of my age , the swearing is n't that bad and people of my age with any sense will understand all of it .
 This is a amazing dvd , HAS SPANISH AUDIO , the only thing that i did n`t like was that there are no subtitules.BUY THIS DVD NOW & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ;
 this is a good dvd . i just bought it and i cant stop laughing . this is one of the funniest shows of all time . along with family guy , beavis and butt-head , simpsons futurama , king of th hill all those shows like that . the thing with this dvd is its from paramount dvd , so it has commentary from matt and trey . the thing is that is the only special feature , like behind the scenes you know the making of it or at least a music video from chef or something like that . and its 17 episodes and only 3 disc . not thats bad or anything its just that when i heard it was 17 episodes , i thought it was gon na be like 4 disc or something like that . but other than all those things its pretty good .
 I 'm only 14 and south park is by far my favorite program on tv . Many Parents insist that s. park is foul and dirty . I am sure many of these parents have n't even watched five min . of the show . When The show first came out . My parents thought it was vile . One night flipping through the channels we stopped on comedy central and found south park . We watched in utter disbelief and amusement as cartman dresses up like Hitler -LRB- worshipping Mel Gibson -RRB- and lectures about the Passion of The Christ . The content would surely be considered offensive by a large amount of people . Nothing is sacred . My faith was attacked and so was that of the jews and others . I realize that mayby I was supposed to be offended by the show yet I was not . The show does n't sigle out jews and humiliate them , it singles out everyone and humilates everyone . I then understood that s. park was n't offensive after all . I also understood one more thing why south park is such a fabulous show .
 this is the greates show that was ever made dont ever take it off the t.v !!! i love it me and my mom stay up for hours waiting for it to come on monddays through fridays 9:3 - you should play it more often1 i am known as tweak and everyone in our group is known as a south park charicter ! anyway i love your show i wouldent live withougth it !
 its cool but the commentaries are too short . stick with family guy.I think thats a little better then south park .
 Easily the funniest show ever concived . It will live on forvever for its humor and boldness . Better than the movie . Now I do n't have to tape them . I can watch it everyday on the finest quality - DVD . GETTIN GAY WITH KIDS IS HILARIOUS ! I ca n't wait ! In the words of Chinpokomon
 I love South Park ! Season three is best yet on DVD . I ca n't wait to here commentaries from Matt Stone and Trey Parker.It is going to be hilarious . This is South Park at its best .
 South Park complete seasons has always been good.This has some very funny episodes ! If you want this and your parents wont let you get it remember it is edited.Overall I ca n't wait untill this comes out .
 South Park , my favorite show ever , is the greatest . Cartman is funnier than anyone . The South Park movie Bigger Longer and Uncut is the greatest 95 minutes spent of my life . The swearing is great . `` You donkey raping ... '' That 's great . And you ca n't forget the B **** Song.South Park , as Cratman says , Kick -LSB- tail -RSB- .
 The third season of South Park is funnier than ever . This is a review of season three 's episodes and NOT on the DVD box set that has not yet been released.The season gets 5 Stars over all rating.Rainforest Shmainforest 5 Stars - This is part one of an unofficial two parter . Gust voice Jennifer Aniston . The boys get sent to Costa Rica -LRB- Someone that rated this said Puerto Rico , not a true fan if he ca n't even get the location right , I 'm sure he 'll revise his review when he reads this -RRB- by Mr. Mackey to sing in the kids choir `` Getting Gay with Kids '' . The group gets lost in the Rainforest when a reptile eats their guide . Cartman saves the day.Spontaneous Combustion 5 Stars - This is part two of an unofficial two parter . The mayor wants Stan 's dad to figure out why the citizens of South Park are spontaneously combusting and Stan and Kyle Crucify Cartman so that he can be resurrected . In hopes that Kyle 's dad can get an erection.The Succubus 4 Stars - The boys become worried when chef falls in love with a demon sent from hell in the shape of a woman . Cartman has all kinds of eye problems.Tweek vs. Craig 5 Stars - The boys bet on who would win in a fight between Tweek and Craig and then instigate the fight.Jackovasaurs 4 Stars - The kids discover an ancient race of creatures . However , they are the most annoying creatures ever to exist . Cartman get `` Authority `` Sexual Harassment Panda 4 Stars - A man in a panda suit comes to South Park to teach kids about sexual harassment after the town realizes there is a sexual harassment problem in the community.Cat Orgy 5 Stars - This is part one of an unofficial three parter . Ms. Cartman goes to a Meteor Shower Party at Mr. Mackey 's house . Cartman and Shelly fight with each other while she is baby-sitting him and Shelly 's twenty something year old boyfriend Skyler comes over.Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub 5 Stars - This is part two of an unofficial three parter . Stan and Kyle 's dad end up in a hot tub together naked and they do something in front of each other . Stan is stuck in Mr. Mackey 's basement with Butters , Pip , and Dougie during the Meteor Shower Party . The FBI/ATF thinks it 's a cult party and they try to break it up.Jewbilee 5 Stars - This is part three of an unofficial three parter . Kyle and Kenny go to a Jewish scout camp . This is the same night as the Meteor Shower.What makes this an unofficial three part series is that all three episodes are on the night of the Meteor Shower , all four boys are in one of the three episodes and the FBI/ATF is seen speeding to Mr. Mackey 's house in all three episodes.Chinpokomon 5 Stars - Some familiar looking Japanese toys brainwash every kid in America and convince the children to attack Pearl Harbor for Japanese honor.Starvin Marvin in Space 5 Stars - The Boys help Starvin Marvin when some missionaries invade his country . A Star Wars spoofKorn 's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery 4 Stars - The Band Korn help the boys solve a Halloween mystery in this hilarious Scooby-Doo spoof.Hooked on Monkey Phonics 5 Stars - Two strange , sheltered home-school kids decide to go to South Park Elementary.The Red Badge of Gayness 5 Stars - Cartman decides to conquer America and change the outcome of the Civil War to win a bet with Stan and Kyle.Mr . Hankey 's Christmas Classics 5 Stars - a collection of South Park Christmas songs , hosted by none other than Mr. Hankey.Are you there God ? It 's Me , Jesus 5 Stars - Jesus is upset that no one cares about him anymore . Cartman thinks he is having a period because he 's bleeding out of his backside . He rubs it in to the other boys saying that he has hit puberty before them.World Wide Recorder Concert 5 Stars - The boys come up with an outrageous plan to get revenge on some New York kids who made fun of them . The plan involves finding the brown note , a note that when played make you loose control of your BMs.Not sure what if any Special Features will be included . I would love to see Parker/Stone Commentaries on at least a few episodes .
 This is one of the greatest seasons for south park . You could watch these over and over , with out comercials !!! Rainforest Shmainforest - The boys get sent to Costa Rica by Mr. Mackey to sing in the kids choir `` Getting Gay with Kids '' . While there , the group gets lost in the jungle . Jennifer Aniston is hilarious as the choir teacher-8 / 10Spontaneous Combustion - The mayor wants Stan 's dad to figure out why the citizens of South Park are spontaneously combusting . Also , Stan and Kyle tie Cartman to a cross so that he can be ressurected-9 / 10The Succubus - The boys become worried when chef falls in love with a weird woman and gets engaged to her . This is the first appearance of chef 's hilarious parents-10 / 10Tweek vs. Craig - The boys bet on who would win in a fight between Tweek and Craig-9 / 10Jackovasaurs - The kids discover an ancient race of creatures . However , they are the most annoying creatures ever to exist-7 / 10Sexual Harassment Panda - A man in a panda suit comes to south park to teach kids about sexual harassment-9 / 10Cat Orgy - Cartman and Shelly fight with each other while she is baby-sitting him-10 / 10Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub - Stan is stuck in Mr. Mackeys basement with Butters , Pip , and Dougie during a party-9 / 10Jewbilee - Kyle and Kenny go to a Jewish scout meeting-7 / 10Chinpokomon - some familiar looking Japanese toys brainwash every kid in America-9 / 10Starvin Marvin in Space - The Boys help Starvin Marvin when some missionairies invade his country-9 / 10Korn 's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery - The Band Korn help the boys solve a Halloween mystery in this hilarious Scooby-Doo spoof-9 / 10Hooked on Monkey Phonics - Two strange , sheltered home-school kids decide to go to South Park Elementary-10 / 10The Red Badge of Gayness - Cartman decides to conquer America and change the outcome of the Civil War to win a bet with Stan and Kyle-9 / 10Mr . Hankey 's Christmas Classics - a collection of South Park Christmas songs-9 / 10Are you there God ? It 's Me , Jesus - Jesus is upset that no one cares about him anymore . Cartman thinks he is having a period-9 / 10World Wide Recorder Concert - The boys come up with a ridiculous plan to get revenge on some New York kids who made fun of them-10 / 10All of these episodes are hilarious . You have to buy this .
 The Third season of South Park is by far the best season . Nothing could top this . Every episode is hilarious , even Jackovasaurs . Since I am the first reviewer , I will list the episodes.Rainforest Shmainforest - The boys get sent to Costa Rica by Mr. Mackey to sing in the kids choir `` Getting Gay with Kids '' . While there , the group gets lost in the jungle . Jennifer Aniston is hilarious as the choir teacher.Spontaneous Combustion - The mayor wants Stan 's dad to figure out why the citizens of South Park are spontaneously combusting . Also , Stan and Kyle tie Cartman to a cross so that he can be ressurected.The Succubus - The boys become worried when chef falls in love with a weird woman and gets engaged to her . This is the first appearance of chef 's hilarious parents.Tweek vs. Craig - The boys bet on who would win in a fight between Tweek and Craig.Jackovasaurs - The kids discover an ancient race of creatures . However , they are the most annoying creatures ever to exist.Sexual Harassment Panda - A man in a panda suit comes to south park to teach kids about sexual harassment.Cat Orgy - Cartman and Shelly fight with each other while she is baby-sitting him.Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub - Stan is stuck in Mr. Mackeys basement with Butters , Pip , and Dougie during a party.Jewbilee - Kyle and Kenny go to a Jewish scout meeting.Chinpokomon - some familiar looking Japanese toys brainwash every kid in America.Starvin Marvin in Space - The Boys help Starvin Marvin when some missionairies invade his country.Korn 's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery - The Band Korn help the boys solve a Halloween mystery in this hilarious Scooby-Doo spoof.Hooked on Monkey Phonics - Two strange , sheltered home-school kids decide to go to South Park Elementary.The Red Badge of Gayness - Cartman decides to conquer America and change the outcome of the Civil War to win a bet with Stan and Kyle.Mr . Hankey 's Christmas Classics - a collection of South Park Christmas songs.Are you there God ? It 's Me , Jesus - Jesus is upset that no one cares about him anymore . Cartman thinks he is having a period.World Wide Recorder Concert - The boys come up with a ridiculous plan to get revenge on some New York kids who made fun of them.All of these episodes are hilarious . You have to buy this .
 South Park , what can I say . Being a teenager , it 's hard to exploain the instinctive attraction to South Park . Is it the witty dialogue ? No . Is it the animation ? No . Is it the songs that regurlarly intrude the characters world ? No.It 's all of them , helped along by its creators.This seasons houses some of my most fave episodes.Rainforest Schmainforest - Jennifer Anniston guest stars as a environmental activist , who changes sides after the touring choir group Kenny , Stan , Kyle and Cartman were forced into gets lost in Costa Rican rainforest . Plus , young Kenny gets a girlfriend , who prevents his trademark death . -LRB- Highlight - The alternate version to the ` Getting Gay with Kids ' song -RRB- 10/10Chinpokomon - A great look at how totally not cool pokemon could have been , had they been called Chinpokomon , and controlled by Japanese people that want to take over Pearl Harbour . -LRB- Highlight - the chinpokomon called Shoe , who is indeed , a shoe -RRB- 10/10Jewbilee - One third of a special trilogy , sends Kenny and Kyle to Jewbilee , a Jewish camp , where the jews pray to ` Moses ' . Kenny sneaks along cause he wants to hang out ith Kyle , but he i = eventually has to save the world from the evil ` Haman ' . -LRB- Highlight - The ` squirts ' trying to capture a bear , but slowly being picked off one by one , to the leader 's dismay -RRB- 10/10The Succubus - Chef mysteriously falls in love with a woman , and quits his cafeteria job . The kids then discover a horrifying secret about his bride to be . -LRB- highlight - Chef 's parents arguing over the Loch Ness monster -RRB- 10/10It really is a fantastic series , better than the newer episodes , which frankly , are n't that good . It also has the best voices of all the seasons . Eventually , side characters like the Principal and the Mayor will have their voices changed . But they 're the best here .
 South Park
 Many times , something will appear in the media - be it a movie , comic book or TV show - that is shocking and winds up attracting the audience merely because of the shock value . Eventually , that quality goes away and the reader or viewer finds there is little else there . For a decade , South Park has defied this rule
 The 3rd season definitly has it 's moments but it 's another great season . unfortunately , it was also the last season to have Mary Kay Bergman -LRB- the person who played all of the women in South Park . -RRB- because later in 1999 , she killed herself . when you watch any of the episodes on the 3rd disc , excluding Mr. Hankey 's Christmas Special , you notice that the women of South Park do n't speak a word . This also has the infamous Chinpokomon -LRB- Chinpoko means Penis -RRB- is in this season .
 The third season was funny ! Out of the stories I liked
 This Marglar is so awesome that once I received my Marglar I called all my Marglars to my Marglar and we had the most amazing Marglar . We ate Marglar after Marglar and saw Marglars after Marglars from this Marglar . I am planning to buy more Marglars . Take my word , this Marglar is awesome !!
 While the first two seasons of `` South Park '' were certainly excellent , apparently they were just warmups for the sustained brilliance of Season 3 . I 'll readily admit that I 'm one of those sad people who rank seasons of TV shows , and this one is right up there with the classic fourth and fifth seasons of `` The Simpsons . '' The preceding seasons were victimized by a few duds , but this one is straight quality from beginning to end . There was always a lot going on behind the adventures of Stan , Kyle , Kenny , and Cartman , and it was here that the show 's combination of boldness , wit , and heart was finally perfected.Trey Parker and Matt Stone had already demonstrated an ability to crack up fans and offend decent people everywhere , but season 3 saw `` South Park '' really make the leap into proably the smartest and most sharply satirical show on TV . After two seasons spent developing characters and honing their approach , the show 's creators launched a full frontal assault on every aspect of life imaginable , and hit every target . Commercialism , hypocrisy , political correctness , and popular stereotypes are all held up for ridicule , and no sacred cow is safe . Since the 1999-2000 season was right around the time `` The Simpsons '' started running out of steam , it was the perfect opportunity for `` South Park '' step in as the new standard-bearer for irreverent humor.It 's obvious right off the bat that this season represents a step forward with the opening `` Rainforest Shmainforest , '' a sendup of environmental do-gooderism in which the boys and a well-meaning activist discover firsthand that the rainforest is n't all it 's cracked up to be . The unjustly neglected `` Sexual Harassment Panda '' presents a frightening , yet hilarious , vision of political correctness run amok in which everyone literally sues everyone else . The deservedly famous -LRB- or is it infamous ? -RRB- `` Chinpoko Mon '' offers more parody in 22 minutes than you might think possible , taking aim at Americans , Asians , consumerism and conformity while mocking the Pokemon trend of the late ' 90 's . `` The Red Badge of Gayness '' is a twisted modern re-imagining of the Civil War , with a Southern-accented Cartman leading a band of inebriated Confederate reenactors on a crusade to alter history and make slaves of Stan and Kyle . And `` Are You There God ? It 's Me , Jesus '' while insightfully examining the nature of religious belief in our times , also gives us a brutally hilarious image of Rod Stewart as a shriveled , incontinent geezer in a wheelchair who can do little more than groan at a much-hyped New Year 's performance.Parker and Stone had a few more great ideas up their sleeves , as well . The consecutive episodes `` Cat Orgy , '' `` Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub , '' and `` Jewbilee '' all cover the same night from the perspectives of three different protagonists . `` Hooked on Monkey Phonics '' sees two worlds colliding as Kyle falls for an innocent home-schooled girl , while `` Starvin ' Marvin In Space '' reintroduces the title character at the same time as it takes a stab at religious zealotry . And in one of the show 's most memorable episodes , the concluding `` World Wide Recorder Concert , '' Cartman searches for a note that makes those who hear it lose control of their bowels , and Mr. Garrison confronts parental demons from his childhood that are n't quite what you might expect.Animation has always had something that live-action TV lacks , and `` South Park '' is one show that provides convincing proof of that fact . Without the constraints imposed by reality , Parker and Stone are free to explore just about any idea they can think of , and they obviously have plenty of them . Despite its somewhat hefty price tag , this season is worth every penny . Many of TV 's finest moments are to be found here .
 This show never disappoints . One of the greatest cartoons of all time and one of the most important shows too ! Season 3 is just more classic hyjinks from da boys ! The DVD transfer could be better for such a new show , but it looks as good as past seasons .
 South Park fans have , no doubt , already seen the episodes from the third season and know if they like them or not . If you like these episodes , this DVD gets right to them . There are no corny introductions by Trey Parker and Matt Stone that were on the first two seasons.I am not that crazy about the third season episodes -LRB- Jakovosaurs , for example , is one of the most annoying ones I 've seen -RRB- but there are some gems
 Unlike Season 2 - Season 3 brings tears to my eyes !!! It is so F ^ $ # % funny !!! If you get offended by this ... you should relax ... everyone is picked on equally . Any fan of South Park should definately own this masterpiece !
 Season 3 , like the others , is truly awesome , especially considering they were working on a great epic movie while churning out these episodes . Some have spoke negatively on the commentaries , but I think they were perfect - concise , to the point , insightful , and funny - just like the episodes themselves . Bring on Season 4 !
 This CD contains some of my favorite episodes of the show.Some did n't like the commentary , but I think it adds some real insight into the genius of the guys who made this show ... enjoy ...
 First thing
 Let 's get something straight ... I have season 1 of this series already . What did n't I like about it ? There were no ` chapter ' selects ... you had to fast forward through episodes to get to the scenes you liked in certain shows . The only chapter selects consisted of the episodes themselves . Well . . season 3 fixes this problem , as there are a good amount of places for you to skip around through each show in . Also , the ` commentary-mini 's ' are great and informative , although you 'd like them to last a couple minutes longer each one . Kudos to Paramount for doing what the brothers Warner could n't , and that 's pave the way for some ` sweet ' DVD releases of South Park seasons that fan 's can really enjoy.Season 3 works on many levels , it 's strong , like the Simpsons season 3 , in that it kind of paved the way for how the shows of the future would be , and it did n't rely on ` shock value ' , as it actually had funny and ... fudged up moments in it that are well worth your time . I 'm sure you know the shows are funny , and even the ones that are n't a ` hit ' and are more ` miss ' . . rest assured theres at least one scene in every show that 'll have you rolling on the floor . And as Trey says . . if you have season 2 . . throw it away . Or as I say , sell it to someone and put it towards the purchase of South Park Season 3 . I give this set 4 out of 5 stars because there could have been more extra 's . . but I 'm a sucker for commentaries , and unlike most people that drone on and on about crap , the commentary-mini 's are hilarious . Here 's hoping for that Orgazmo Special Edition DVD that everone 's waiting for . Now I 'm gon na go eat some City Wok .
 some of SP 's funniest episodes -LRB- Red Badge of Gayness , Rainforest Schmainforest , etc -RRB- and a very cool -LRB- and obscure -RRB- reference to the Star Wars Holiday Special -LRB- fighting the frizzies ... -RRB- . Also has the worst SP episode ever
 Thank god they dumped Warner for Paramount ! Now I can say I got my moneys worth ! I was really shocked of what this dvd offers for you
 Ok this was probably the best season of the three seasons that I 've bought -LRB- I 'll get the 4th soon -RRB- . With the World Wide Recorder concert episode definitely taking the award for best ever . A must buy for anyone remotely interested in South Park .
 Bought this to replace my existing 3rd season set , due to reading errors . This is a gorgeous set , and the episodes are awesome as always , enjoy .
 I love South Park and this is one of my favorite seasons , because of the succubus episode -LRB- actually turns out to be a foreshadowing of events to come for Chef -RRB- . There are plenty of other hysterical moments and I do recommend including it in your South Park collection .
 Season 3 continued the awesome goodness of the first two seasons of South Park , and though it was not as consistent as season 2 , it contained a few episodes that were by themselves considerably stronger than anything from the previous season . `` Rainforest Schmainforest '' and `` Chinpokomon '' together became likely my two favorite episodes at the time that I first saw them . Both are hilarious and spot-on parodies of , in turn , bleeding heart feel-good hypocritical liberalism and insane and inexplicable pop culture phenomenon pokemon . Likely the series ' best celebrity appearance ever can be seen in the episode `` Korn 's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery , '' which features the band Korn as a Scoobie Dooesque group of paranormal crime solvers . The one big blemish on this season was the episode `` Jackovasaurus , '' which tried to make fun of stupid Star Wars character Jar Jar Binks . I think that Stone and Parker miscalculated here , though , when they assumed that any representation of Jar Jar , even a farcical one , could be anything less than completely obnoxious.Finally , I 'll always be thankful for `` Mr. Hankey 's Christmas Classics . '' I play this episode every year on Christmas morning . Great songs .
 Talk about funny-ive never laughed so hard in my life.I about wet my pants.we have had so many hours of enjoyment watching South park.We recieved our shipment in a very timely manner.We defnately got what we paid for.The case and the cds were in perfect condition.couldnt even tell they were used.i would definately buy from this seller again .
 one of the best cartoons ever . well worth the money . mini commentaries are fun to listen to as well .
 This is a nicely done set of some of the best South Park episodes ever done . This was when South Park was really edgy and funny and is among the best the series has to offer . The price is right too .
 Rainforest Shmainforest - The boys travel to costa rica as part of `` getting gay with kids '' choir tour . When their guide is suddenly killed , the boys and the choir director must try to find their own way out of the dence and deadly rainforest.Spontanious combustion - The citezens of south park begin exploding randomly.The succubus - The boys must find a way to stop chefs girlfriend from marrying him before its too late.Jakovasaurs - A bunch of annoying creatures come to south parkTweek vs craig - Its a battle between highly caffinated tweek and a kid who likes to flip people off.Sexual harrasment panda - a panda comes to south park to inform people not to harrass others.cat oragy - shelly comes over to baby sit cartman.Two guys naked in a hot tub - Stan is dragged along to a meteor shower party.jewbilee - kyle invites kenny over to a camp for jewish kids.Korns groovy pirate ghost mystery - a halloween special.chinpoko mon - the boys become obsessed in the lattest fad from japan.hooked on monkey frolics - Cartman trys to win the spelling b.Starvin marvin in space - marvin trys to find a better place for his people.the red badge of gayness - cartman trys to make stan and kyle his slaves.Mr.Hankeys cristmas classics - songs from various people.are you there god its me jesus - Cartman thinks hes hit puberty.world wide recorder concert - Cartman will stop at nothing to find the brown noise .
 Love this episode of South Park ... Sister Hollis -LRB- Michael Ann Young -RRB- is too funny ... Classic South Park !
 This is such a great season , and I especially love the Halloween episode , featuring Korn . Prepare for lots of laughs !
 I live in bonnie Scotland and we Scots have an un-fair reputation for being careful with our pennies ... . then again when you pay twelve of the good Queens pounds for a complete season of a brilliantly funny , on the case comedy which has and will go down as one of the greatest ever written , -LRB- and that twelve quid included delivery -RRB- you would have to be nuts to buy it anywhere else.Some people may find it offensive , rude , childish , vulgar , crude , even racist ; ... . but thankfully that 's a small minded majority who should maybe find something worthwhile protesting about.As for the rest of the human race sit back and laugh along with the rest of us and if you still do n't think it 's funny then here 's an idea ... . stop watching it !
 I just started watching south park about 3 months ago , and like the simpsons , family guy , and futurama , i just couldnt get enough . I watched every single episode , and i bought all of the DVDs . Im reviewing this one because its one of my favorite seasons . Everyone can learn valuable lessons from south park , especially from this season . Such important lessons are
 My 11 yr old daughter is addicted to this show thanks to her dad . I 've never seen it but she was very excited to get these !
 This South Park part so you know its going to be great . Chinpokomon is halarious and the other are great and even if it did n't come out yet I 've seen all the episodes so I know it will be Kick @ $ $ .
 This has to be the funniest season of South Park with classic episodes like Tweek Vs. Craig , Chimpokomon , Are you there god ? Its me Jesus , Three Guys in a hot tub , and MANY MORE . The mini commentaries will be good . And to the other reviewer on this page who said that `` every single episode should have full length commentary '' I say , wishfull thinking , BUT NO . Stone and Parker as so rich , it doesnt matter if they release the episodes alone or with commentaries and deleted scenes ETC. .
 damn straight . this is the awesomest show on tv . i do n't know which season to tell u to buy . if ur rich buy all 4 , if not ... ? well anywayz , u should at least watch the show and the movie is good too . i bought that one .
 Not much to say . All episodes are hilarious . Have some cash and ya like SP then buy .
 I 've watched this movie 3 times so far and just love it . Yes some of the `` movie reviewer '' type stuff might not be A + , but this movie nails it . But more than the scene . . It really gets into the `` vibe '' of it all . I think that 's the only way to describe it . I also loved the DJ scenes . . especially when Pollywog does her thing ! And Digweed 's scenes were n't quite oscar material , but it did a great job showing how GREAT of a `` spinner '' he is . Digweed is all class . I wish there was a `` director 's cut '' of the movie that had more DJ sets . . If you 're into the music , you will `` get '' this movie . Highly recommended .
 Amazing movie AND music ... . Great look into the rave scene one crazy night in San Fransisco leading to peoples lives being changed NO JOKE ! the end of the film says it all TAKE SOME EXTACY AND GROOVE !!
 Considering there arent many movies about the rave culture . THis is as close as it gets . Although the people spinning are way to trendy . Throw some Richie Hawtin and some dave clarke . then you would have something .
 IF YOU HAVENT EVER RAVED , THIS MOVIE WILL MAKE YOU WANT TO TRY IT AT LEAST ONCE ! ... TRY EVERYTHING AT LEAST ONCE ! ... `` LOVE IT WHILE YOU LIVE IT ... '' ; p
 Finally , comes a director brave enough to make an experience that can conclude the entire atmosphere of the SF Warehouse rave scene in 86 minutes of aurally exciting , brain-moshing joyride into the eye candy that is ` Groove ' . Taking a major risk , Greg Harrison made the ultimate movie experience about raving in the U.S , something which is n't easy to accomplish considering what `` Go '' and other movies failed to portray . Greg did this simply enough with the aid of unknown cast , low budgeting , amazing editing and filmography and of course , The entire cast of the best-known DJ 's , which , for the first time in movie history , get to demonstrate what it 's really like to actually spin vinyl.Never has a movie shown before what a DJ feels right before he punches the `` Crossfader '' knob and makes magic . The hesitations , the careful listening and cueing of the record , and of course , fear of rejection . DJ 's finally get recognized for their skills in this movie , from the rookies to the big shot DJ 's such as Digweed.Highly reccomended alongside the british portrayal of the same kind , `` Human Traffic '' .
 ok . . the main problem with this movie that some may find is that there really is no real plot to the movie , i guess it almost seems quasi-documentary ... but its not . . haha ... so theres no plot ... you dont like plotless movies ... dont watch this one , but if you are so interested in just a quick , and undetailed glimpse of wat this whole scene is about ... and you dig this kind of music ... u just may like this movie as i did.so lets recap ... deep ?? ... nope ... . action ?? ... nope ... funny ?? ... depends on yo sense of humor -LRB- we found it hilarious at some parts ... the discoball on the subway ... CLASSIC -RRB- ... anyways . . peace and merriment !!
 As rave culture expands , it 's inevitable that a movie would have to be made about it . This is the first -LRB- or one of the first - I myself know of no others -RRB- and if you do n't expect to be accurate to the Nth detail , it is a fine and entertaining film.The storyline is simple and the fact that the main characters are two people who are ambivalent about the rave experience makes the movie more interesting than following a bunch of gung ho candy ravers . This is n't Scorsese 's take on the rave world - it 's a very well-made independent film that successfully captures the * feeling * of a rave .
 For anyone thinking this is just another cheezeball documentary of the rave scene , take another look . This is not a documentary style movie
 This movie captured the most dramatic events in a rave . Not all the time those type of things go on but they could happen . I personally LOVED it ... Heaven Sent spun by Digweed made me jump out of my chair and dance . Yes they did over exaggerate but that happens . It truely captured the ` Rave Scene ' . I LOVED it and I watch it all the time . I should buy it and save myself the 80 dollars I spent on movie rentals . I highly recogmend people watch this scene . And know that ` that ' is not ALWAYS what happens . Just some key drama that can happen and just might ... P.L.U.R.Mimi ~ Music Is the Drug ~
 Having never been to a rave , I ca n't vouch for the accuracy of the film in that respect . However , without shying away from its dark side , director Greg Harrison presents a scene that I would definitely like to experience . The characterization and acting is not so strong , but the overall evocation of mood is very well done . /
 I was interested in this film because I was skeptical as to how well the rave culture would be accurately portrayed . Well , they did it , they actually did it good . You are taken into the experience of the neo-hippie so much so that you want to leap into the movie and join the party . This movie was n't choppy or shaky but instead a very smooth ride with good unknown actors and a script that unfolded nicely . YOU DO N'T HAVE TO BE A RAVER TO GET IT , THIS MOVIE LETS YOU EXPERIENCE IT -LRB- WELL , AS MUCH AS ONE CAN FROM FILM -RRB- . This was a fun movie about fun times . If you want to learn even more about rave culture see `` Better Living Through Circuitry '' is a great documentary.enjoy and have funPLURR , SOUL ~ CHILD -LRB- chi-town -RRB-
 I saw this film at the Dobie in Austin , TX . It was done very well . Every second reminded me of my college days . The soundtrack on this movie is the best . I would advise buying it as well as the DVD . If you ever wanted to know what a Rave was about , you have to see this movie .
 If you do n't know him , you should . If you do n't like him , you suck . I love any movie that will put Digweed 's music , or even Digweed himself in it . He is one of the best DJs . People of the world , check out Digweed 's music , and check out a group called Bedrock . ~ Fan of John Digweed
 This dvd was very good it was true to the san fran underground rave scene and it was so real it felt like i was there . When john digweed started spinning thats when the movie really got good .
 As a ` veteran ' of the rave scene , it was refreshing to see this movement get some positive media attention versus the negativity that the press has given it . While the rave scene has been plagued with its problems of drugs , the news makes it sound like dancing to music under the influence is a new thing . Groove puts the positive aspects of the scene into the limelight by incorporating a great musical score and key emotions that go into promoting and searching for a venue . Each moment was an uplifting emotion that makes you feel apart of something much more grand whether you are a raver or just enjoy dancing to music . Just like any cultural and musical movement , there are down sides and good sides . It 's about time someone focused on the good sides of it .
 This movie is awesome ! Dmitri Ponce on the cover is my friend from childhood . Proud of him . great visual of our time in San Francisco doing our thing . Being Ravers . Absolutely the greatest 5 years of my life , and probably everyone who lived it . Thank you so much for making this film . worth every penny spent . Love , Love , Love !
 This is a great movie . It was n't released in most cities during it 's theatrical running , but I heard about it from a friend in San Francisco . I 'm a DJ , so I thought that it worth checking out and I was right ! This is a pretty realistic movie with a great soundtrack and some of todays hottest Dj 's spinning some great tracks . Great buy and well worth the money !
 A wonderful film ! A must-have for any raver or techno/house/trance lover !
 This movie rocks . If there could ever be an accurate depiction of my life , this is it . If you have a heart and a mind and a love for the rave scene -LRB- and what the scene is about -RRB- not only should you SEE this movie , but you should OWN it ! PLUR
 I went to see this film with mixed emotions . There have not been very many films on the subject , and definitely not many good ones . Groove 's screenplay was definitely written by someone who has been there and done it . It is , according to my experiences , spot on in the protrayal of club/rave life.The warmup DJ with developing skills and a milkcrate of records in desperate need of a good break , all the way up to John Digweed , DJ God , with his $ 200 a piece cases of white labels and never-before-heard acetates.The warehouse party , brought together by a seemingly selfless promotor working his tail off just to see people get together and groove , with maybe a `` nod '' at the end of the night , followed by cops raiding the party and kicking everyone out for no really good reason.The couple who got to the `` map point '' too late and missed all the fun , but salvaged the night with a beach view , a car stereo , and a good mixtape.The drugs
 While the acting in this movie leaves a bit to be desired . The set and soundtrack certainly make up for it . This movie has to be one of the most accurate portrayals of the rave scene to date . This movie does tend to play up the negatives a bit more than the positives but still ends up being a very well balanced mix of both.The movie begins with an email spreading word of a party going on that night . That email starts a flood of people all over the area getting prepared for it . We follow several sets of characters as they prepare/head to the rave . We follow the producers as they setup the equipment and decorations . We feel the anger when the Police harass them . We feel the energy and the PLUR radiating from the party . We feel the pulsating basslines of the various DJ 's as this movie never skips a beat.Are you feeling it?http : / / www.groovethemovie.com
 This film is actually important ! Its not just well done & fun , but a learning experience . The details are close enough to real life to help anyone learn more about the youth of the current generation.Although it may not make much sense in a deeper way to some , its still a fun & entertaining film , so anyone should enjoy it.Brent : -RRB-
 This is a very good movie ! ... . This movie is a very big part of my life , in fact . It started my getting into the rave scene , something I never regret , as I 've never been happier with who I am . This movie is a dramady , and deals the most realistic dose of rave culture I 've ever seen . It follows David -LRB- and nervous work-aholic -RRB- , his brother Colin , and girlfriend Harmony -LRB- both ravers -RRB- to a rave in the wherehouse district in Frisco . There , David meets Leyla , an attractive raver who just moved , and the two bond closer and closer as the night wears on . Meanwhile , Colin has a big question for Harmony . It has a bitter sweet ending , but more sweet than bitter . Every time I watch it , my mood get alot better , and I love life a lot more .
 This is a great look into the underground rave scene in America today . Great music if your a fan of the electronic sounds ! Check this one out !
 `` Groove '' is a spectacle of a film , and not just for those like me who have been to and love the underground rave scene . It 's a fun , intriguing story , the characters are great , the visuals are stunning , and it will literally make you want to get up and move !
 I had some friends watch this movie with me not long ago . When I told them it was about a rave , they seemed pretty skeptical of how good it would be . HOWEVER , it turned out they enjoyed the movie just as much as I did . Granted there are some inaccuracies throughout the film
 I agree with all of the good reviews here.The 5.1 dolby digitalsoundtrack is one of the best I 've ever heard in any movie.It ` slike having a rave in your home , that 's how well done it is.listen to it and you 'll know what I 'm talking about.Enjoy .
 this movie is how a bay area rave really is like in that time period of 99-00 when the rave scene hit its peak i mean clubbers fm the age of 14-33 yrs can watch this and just wan na dance . good story about david who is kind of a nerd who goes to a rave and relizes where he really fits in and leyla who helps find his groove but also leyla was about i would say early 30 's who spent most of her adulthood clubbing and regreted it . moral of the story is even though you never to old to get your groove on they are more things in life besides clubbing.but about the movie in definetly depicts the late 90 's with the style of clothes and the music and the dance style . take a chance and pick this one up you wo n't regret it .
 Finally someone made an accurate account of the party life in California . Not glorifying , not condemning , but real . True and well done . Character development was a bit spotty , but the interaction is perfect and the soundtrack just ca n't be beat . Excellent cinematography . Very well directed . GREAT set production . Wonderful all the way around !!
 As soon as i heard of this movie I had to buy this dvd cuz I wanted to see if it was all that great and also to see how badly it would actually depict the rave scene . To my surprise , I actually liked it , the whole story-line is actually pretty decent , there are scenes where it shows peeps dancing and having fun and it just takes you to those memories that u had just like that . The only thing i did n't like about the movie is that it seems like during those dance scenes ... . its the same peeps dancing which gives it a feel like there was only 20 people attending the rave . other than that i like the movie . peace
 The 60s had they 're hippies , the 70s and early 80s had their disco , we have techo . The electronic beat-boxes of techno , house , acid , and the other genre 's that have created the `` rave '' scene will go down in history as defining the millennium culture . The movie Groove portrays this culture very well . From the empty underground warehouses , filled with laser shows to the Glow Sticks and the Ecstasy -- it 's all there.Grab this movie , and watch it , especially if you have nothing to do with the scene , or know nothing about the scene . This movie will be used in classrooms 30 years from now to teach about the `` Millennium Culture . ''
 When I saw this movie I could n't find works to describe how I felt , this movie represents the whole scene that I know and love , it brought me back to the first time I went to a rave and gave me the same exact feeling . It is extremely true the the scene and the people it is portraying . The whole movie is a work of art and was mind blowing to see what I love so much and what is dear to me on screen , it was like I was there with the characters in the movie , I know exactly what they were feeling and going throught , I could totally relate to what was going on.This movie reminded me of when I was going to those exact same underground parties and having the best time of my life . Seeing this movie brings right to the party , and gves me a feeling like I am with the characters in the movie . The film was nothing more than movie and the last DJ set was amazing , when John Digweed started spinning , I remember the first time I hear that sound I was amazed at how awesome it was , and after hearing it on screen was just as amazing ! If anyone has gone to a rave and loves the scene this movie is for you !
 No story , no good or bad guys , just people having a friggin good time . About a rave that takes place in an abandoned warehouse in San Fransisco . And that being said there is definitley some gay people in it , which makes the movie both funny and ironic . People fall in love , which I thought was dumb , but it did n't take the excitment away . The only setback is it could have been longer . Only about an hour and fifteen minutes or so . But still an amazing movie .
 this is one of the best movies that i have seen in a while , it has got all videos released in the past year beat . i saw it a few weeks ago and i have been eagerly awaiting the release . from the soundtract to the memories , i loved this movie
 First of all let me start by saying I loved this movie ! ... my wife listens to christian country and it 's now her favorite movie she watches it more than I do , and she has NEVER been to a rave.The acting is great for the production , those of you complaining about the visual quality and sound - This movie did not have a million dollar budget , if you want hollywood crap go rent men in black 2 again . This film gave a great depiction of the party scene , yes it does condone drug use , but responsible use . If you had seen the movie you would see that it also shows one kid who is being irresponsible and who winds up having someone stay with him so he dosent die . My only complaint is the reviewers that keep saying over and over this is n't what a rave looks like ! REALIZE THAT A RAVE IS DIFFERENT IN EVERY TOWN.Out here partys are held in cow pastures , I have never been to california but I have a pretty good feeling that the depiction is spot on.For the gifted PLUR ... for the haters U.F.O.
 A must see for anyone who is in to the Electronica/Dance scene . Instant Classic , right there with SLC Punk . One of my Favorite movies .
 This is one of the best Rave movies out there and it truly shows what the rave experience should be like . PLUR and the reason for having a rave for the music is explained !!
 I love this movie!Good vibes ! Great soundtrack !! And a balanced picture of various influences and personalities in the world of electronic dance music.I should mention that I have desired a DVD of this movie for years before finally searching it on amazon . It is rarely found in video stores/rental stores . The price on Amazon is fair , and this movie is definitely worth owning -LRB- if you love the music of course ! -RRB- That 's All , sensisounds
 Was a little uneasy about spending so much money for a DVD . However , when the product arrived I was pleased to find it looking brand new minus factory wrapping -LRB- which I could careless about in the first place -RRB- . Very pleased with shipping time and overall product quality .
 there were so many aspects of this movie that were true to the roots of the scene . Map points , warehouses , wardrobes , PLUR , the music , the excitement , the drugs , the nod.It has its flaws as a movie , but stays true to the way a rave can change your life and outlook . A true piece of rave hostory .
 For those of you who never picked up on the underground rave scene during it 's heyday in the 1990 's , this film probably wo n't do much for you besides give you a historical perspective of the beginning of the electronic dance music scene here in the US . For those who were there during that time , I absolutely recommend grabbing this gem ! I can guarantee that EVERY CHARACTER in this movie will remind you of someone back then -LRB- or at least a certain stereotype of people in the scene -RRB- . Pop this in your video player and take yourself back to when we realized it was all about the experience ...
 I got this movie as a gift for my B/F , it 's one of his fav movies from his wild years . He was so happy about it . This movie is VERY VERY VERY hard to find . Great condiotion and made it on time for the holiday : -RRB-
 I picked up this movie , and found it to be excellent . Although I think Greg harrison didnt do that much of a good job describing what a rave is more like . Besides that , this is a good movie , excellent Trance music , nice effects with the lasers , good directing , nice story . Everybody should see this movie if you into raves , trance , or are familar with ecstacy.Was the last song that Digweed put on , was that his song . Cause I have a cd by DJ EION , that has that exact same song on it , and this cd I had for quite some time -LRB- 4 years -RRB- .
 I saw this movie late one night , in the attempt to find good late night television . I 'm glad I stumbled upon it . The movie is about the underground raver scene in San Fransisco , and the young people who like to party . There were small storylines through the movie , that were engaging and interesting to watch . Maybe the movie is n't a perfect reflection of the rave scene , but it was an interesting movie nonetheless , and many of the ideas presented were very interesting . The story actually surrounds a guy who is new to the party scene , which is an interesting way to look at it . It was overall a feel good movie . GROOVE is the directorial debut of Greg Harrison , and it was well done in my opinion . I 'm not sure why some deemed it `` offensive '' , I certainly did not sense that during any part of the movie . The music was great , the cast is talented , the visuals , it was overall a very pleasing viewing experience .
 Being a Person of the bay area I can watch this film and see what 's real and what 's not . The ravers act like we do and the parties are thrown like we 'd like them to be . But the film has a kind hearted cheeziness that sadly is n't real . This is a film of night life glofied . The rave scene is sadly dying and we do n't get to have the fun everyweekend that these kids do . It 's a reminder of the way things were ... Good Film ... my favorite !
 This truely captures the entire rave scene before the involvement of harsh vibes . it really took me to when i first went to them . i know many other reviews said that , but back in those days , where it was all about the music , and drug usage was limited oh my god , it really entranced and rekindled my feelings for it all over again
 This truely captures the entire rave scene before the involvement of harsh vibes . it really took me to when i first went to them . i know many other reviews said that , but back in those days , where it was all about the music , and drug usage was limited oh my god , it really entranced and rekindled my feelings for it all over again
 A lot of people who wrote review for this film just said things like `` it does n't make sense , there 's no plot '' and so on . But like I always say
 This movie was great and offered an incredibly realistic view inside the rave scene . Watching the movie with a group of friends that have n't experienced a rave , I was instantly inside the movie and could n't help but move with the music . By the time the movie was over my friends were looking at me a bit oddly , but who cares . Anyone who likes trance and techno should see this movie without a doubt .
 This movie was great and offered an incredibly realistic view inside the rave scene . Watching the movie with a group of friends that have n't experienced a rave , I was instantly inside the movie and could n't help but move with the music . By the time the movie was over my friends were looking at me a bit oddly , but who cares . Anyone who likes trance and techno and listens to www.digitallyimported.com should see this movie without a doubt .
 With the movie originally being realeased in limited areas , many people have yet to experience this materpiece . After reading a few reviews of this movie I took the gamble and I was blown away . At first , I figured this might be another `` GO '' but I was very happily wrong . The movie encompasses a night of a rave/party with an incredible soundtrack that plays throughout the entire film . Furthermore , it is just a flat out great movie with a great story line . I recomend this movie for anyone and everyone that either enjoys the rave scene or just a great movie that defines one aspect of our generation .
 After watching this movie I understood why it won the Sundance 2000 , It delivers the whole rave scene in the most accurate way . You 'll find yourself saying - Hey that 's me on the screen . Great movie , great sound track - A must
 This is a must see if you like the Rave scene or even just the music . I went in expecting to not like it with a group of friends and we all were blown away at how well the entire movie was put together .
 `` Groove '' is the amazing directorial debut of documentary filmmaker Greg Harrison , who masterfully captures the life of several young adults in the underground raver community in San Francisco . Visually stunning , highly addictive rave music , and an excellent script and cast , the film `` nearly jumps off the screen , '' as a writer for `` Rolling Stone '' magazine described it.The film 's cast which includes Rachel True -LRB- `` CB4 '' ; `` Half-Baked '' ; `` The Craft '' -RRB- , Denny Kirkwood -LRB- `` Never Been Kissed '' -RRB- and Steve Van Wormer -LRB- `` Idle Hands '' -RRB- are all fantastic , as well as the many actors who were casted via casting calls in the San Francisco area . The appearance of many popular rave/techno deejays such as DJ Polywog and DJ Digweed also add realism and authencity to this great film . However , the two scene stealers in this film have to be Lola Glaudini who plays `` Leyla '' and Hamish Linklater who plays `` David '' a workaholic writer who ca n't seem to enjoy a good time . Their encounter , and instant romance was the film 's main subplot , and it made the film a feel-good movie at the conclusion . Ms. Glaudini who has appeared on television 's `` NYPD Blue '' is one of today 's talented young actresses , and after seeing her in this film , I anticipate a promising career in the near future.Just like the film 's tagline , `` Are you feeling it ? '' , I definitely felt the force of this independent feature film . When I read that the Catholic Archdiocese of New York City classified this film as morally offensive , I ran off to see even more so , however I found nothing offensive about it . As a Catholic , I probably will be casted to hell , however if so , I have no regrets in seeing this film . If you liked the film , I highly recommend its ' soundtrack as well . Overall , groove is an experience you would not want to miss . Truly it is one of the best films of 2000 .
 While watching the movie , it brought back wonderful memories of a TRULY special time in my life . I wish it could always be , but of course the scene is constantly changing ... I think it 's VERY unusual to find a TRUE promoter -LRB- as in Groove -RRB- for an - underground - these days , which is the key to bring the culture back home . I read a review that said they did n't know what a wherehouse party looked like , or did n't capture the vibe or soul ... well , I am a San Francisco native and that is how the party are -LRB- were -RRB- here ... Watching the kids go to the ` EndUp ' Sunday afternoon where all the tweekers hang after parties was killer ! I really liked the fact they did NOT show any kids over-dosing or a mass of kids looking totally spun ... now that 's something that would be taken from Dateline or please Hollywood ... Yeah , it sometimes happens , but for the true kids , that 's NOT what it 's about . There 's music that takes your mind , body & soul to another level , meaningful friendships , new found love , and discovering that life is soo precious and beautiful , being closed minded could be hazardous to your health ... Definately a collectors item !
 okay ... the people who do n't like this movie seem to fall into two main categories . number one
 I was a hard core raver from 1991-1997 in Baltimore and this movie left me dying to go out to a good party . Oh how I miss those days . If you want a small glimpse into the life of a raver you should watch this movie ; moreover , the movie reflects how some ravers actually go to parties for the music and not the drugs .
 This movie was definatly interesting . It brought me back to my younger days when I used to sneak out and tell my parents that I was going over a freinds house to spend the night . It gave me that feeling of knowing that you were doing something that you were not supposed to.Groove is set in SanFrancisco , the dirty metropolitan area blends to make a gritty dark film with the light of children in all there wickedness.Basically its about a promoter of the rave scene that has lot 's of friends and is trying to throw the ultimate underground . There are a few setback 's in his journey . The place where they picked for the rave was perfectly set in a dark warehouse district with a police station only blocks away . One of the main characters has never done `` E '' before and he is persuaded to go . In doing so he meets a beautiful raver girl that shows him life from a different perspective.Maybe it 's because I grew up like the film portrays kids . It just brought me back to the badness of childhood in all its splendor . All of the character development is awesome and they are all fighting there own problems in different ways.Its a fast paced fun journey -LRB- This film -RRB- I highly recommend it . It pretty much has everything you look for in a film / / / Drama , a good story line and fun acting.I give it 5 stars . . It 's definatly a genre . That 's just my opinion
 This movie is a great and pretty accurate depiction of underground raves . If you 're not a techno-music fan or do n't even care about raves , you 'll probably find this movie pointless and superficial and you should skip it.But if you 're the least open-minded , interested about what underground raves are about , you will like it . I know I did .
 First the criticism
 I can agrre with most on this movie ... it has elements of cheesiness ... but this movie did make me smile on more that one occasion . This is what raves and parites are all about ... bringing the people together , having a good time , and not letting anything stand in your way of having a good time . The highlight of this movie would definitely have to be the John Digweed performance scene . If anyone has ever seen Digweed live , he is absolutely phenomenal . He takes your breath away and in this film he does not fail to succeed in doing so . The soundtrack is good as well . I recommend watching this film with your raver friends . It will make you anticipate the arrival of the next weekend . PLUR .
 If you 've been going out to parties -LRB- raves -RRB- for a while , you 'll get a huge kick out of this movie . It hits home in so many ways , it is very funny to look at the rave scene from a different point of view . On the other hand , it reminds me of the `` good old days '' back when map points were the rule , and water was free . This was filmed in San Francisco , so it is based on that scene , if your not from here , then it may seem a little `` off '' . Overall this was a great movie , and a great look -LRB- even for non-ravers -RRB- into a scene that has been growing and evolving tremendously in the last 10 years . I give it 4 stars , simply because the movie was great but at some points I feel the realism was lost .
 This is one of those series that was ahead of its time when it first came out . I first saw the movie that inspired the series because David Duchovney was in it and I was a fan of his . That led me to the series that was alot like mini movies for TV . This particulate was a group of three that was near the end of the series . Not as good as the ones at the start of the series , but defiently add to finish your collection .
 This is a charming romp about lovable losers . After several views , it gets even funnier ! Great performances from a wonderful , diverse cast of characters.I had heard about this movie about two years before I received it on DVD . Robert Culp is one of my favorite actors and he did not disappoint . He 's the master of stage business and posseses about a million facial expressions , which he always uses to maximize a character.Shawnee Smith lends her unique style to a wonderful mix.Don ' t miss the short films by Eric Flemming and Andrea Michaud that are included on the DVD ; their humor is worth of Abrahams/Zucker/Abrahams . Long live the Independent film-makers ! Esp . when they produce such wonderful entertainment .
 I love this version of Don Quijote . I 've showed it to my class via snippets found on YouTube.For those trying to find it on DVD , check out -LSB- ... -RSB- They are on Facebook as well and the site has a huge amount of wonder Quijote merchanidise -LRB- T-shirts , mugs , posters , etc. . . -RRB-
 I love this movie . I want to buy it but ca n't find any way to get it other than renting it on demand . Any ideas ? I want to use it in my Spanish class to teach about Cervantes and don Quijote .
 I love this . I plan to use it to show it to my students after they have read the chapters . I watched it and it includes all the important events of part II . The only thing I wish was different is that I could choose whether or not to have subtitles .
 This is a brilliantly written Wallander episode . Extremely psychological and suspenseful . The best of the first series of the Swedish version thus far .
 After being tired of the same type of plots , tricks and storylines , The Wallander series -LRB- especially the swedish version -RRB- brings some fresh air to police thrillers . Director shows the human aspect of Wallander in a unique , profound and interesting viewpoint while at the same time shows the values , lifestyle and carachter of the sweedish people and its govermment . Beautifully done . Unfortunately , only could get the first 2 seasons in Amazon ...
 Director Jon Reiss and producer Tracy Wares take us on a world tour of graffiti in `` Bomb It '' . The film is more supportive of graffiti art than against it , but it does interview individuals who make it their mission to rid neighborhoods of graffiti as well as graffiti artists on 4 continents . There is an undercurrent that questions who should decide what we look at in public spaces , a provocative question but not really the focus of the film . `` Bomb It '' covers a lot of ground in the history and scope of graffiti art , but to good effect , as we are able to see that graffiti artists are not all alike . Graffiti has evolved over time , and its purpose is different in different cultures and sub-cultures . `` Bomb It '' starts by interviewing Cornbread , a Philadelphian whose campaign to tag everything with his moniker in 1967 might make him the first modern graffiti artist . The film avoids the who-did-what-first debate but follows the progression from simple tagging to more elaborate lettering that led graffiti 's transformation from an underclass counter-culture movement into one that encompasses a broader artistic movement . Graffiti artists from New York in the 1970s-1980s talk about their exploits before the city began to aggressively clean up graffiti on public property . Other cities whose artists are featured are
 Great movie ! I saw it with a live audience and everyone in the theatre loved it and was cheering at all the right places . Most people , no matter what their background or status , can identify with the right to self expression and the need to make some kind of a mark on the world.The format of going around the world from city to city , showing commonalities and differences , works really well in illuminating the scope and significance of graffiti art . The discussion of who owns public spaces and who has the right to express themselves in such places is excellent , and in fact I wish this segment were expanded . The comment of the kid in Barcelona feeling raped by the commercial billboards of semi-naked female and male models is poignant and priceless.Highly recommended .
 Nice bio about graff . Breaks all different styles down from all around the world . Very well done , they spent some money on producing this one . Well worth my hard earn coin . . True graff heads will like it ...
 I originally purchased this documentary with the hope of using it in my 7th grade art class . We are discussing graffiti and community art . Unfortunately , the title `` Bomb It '' could be the way the f bombs were dropping left and right . But that 's something you would have to expect when gang members are being interviewed . I found it to be very interesting and informative . It follows the world of graffiti from its start in Philly to places all over the world . The artists that are featured have different styles and stories to tell . Even though I could n't show the film to the class , I am still able to impart the history it tells .
 I 've seen this movie already , in fact , I have mp4 , I just did n't have it with me over the summer and needed to play it for my class . That 's why I rented it and it worked like a charm , I really did n't have any snags with and I would rent another flick from AMazon if I really had to -LRB- let 's face it , this was my second resort , Netflix did n't have it in its catalog -RRB- . great movie , though , lots of international graf , Banksy , Os Gemeos , cats from Barca , Berlin , Sao Paolo , Amsterdam and Japan . You really get to see not only the roots , but also its impact on global culture and the impact those locales have on graf/writing .
 I saw this at the local art house theatre years ago and finally got a copy of my own as I kept thinking about it all the time . Still really interesting !
 The documentary was not bad at all , it was put together rather well and seemed to cover many aspects of Graffiti 's history . Though I truthfully ca n't see me watching this more than a couple times . Def worth a look though .
 this is the bomb ! super cool documentary ! must have for every graffitti/artist/new age underground counter culture enthusiast or partitioner ! very good . chao , BARRO . COMBATE Fight Club . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I loved this ! Even if I wasnt into graffiti or an artist , it held my interest ! It made great points , and had lots of amazing imagery . I believe anyone could appreciate this documentary if they get over the labels of vandalism , illegality , gangs etc. . Definitely worth watching at least .
 this is a very comprehensive review of graff work around the world . if you 're interested , this movie covers a wide range of topics . a must see !!!
 dvd takes the viewer on a journey throughout the world looking at some of the biggest graffitists out there . most graf dvds will only show the american output on things talking about hiphop , underground , and gang culture - however that 's not what graffiti is about . it 's about whatever the artist makes of it , however debatable . this dvd is highly recommended , however could show a little more about the journey and ways/craft and less about the art itself
 I am so impressed with where this movie goes , it 's not just about graffiti.I loved the animation used at the beginning and how it is sprinkledthroughout , it worked perfectly ! Congratulations Jon should be really proud of it.Plus it says so much about the world and the state it 's in , you really get this feelingthat Graffiti is a desperate act to communicate ! The movie works on so many levels.It 's a gift to the world , I hope a lot of people see it because they should!You 'll never look at Graffiti the same way again , or billboards for that matter .
 This film is a gold mine of exciting interesting street art from around the world . The pace is fast enough to keep you watching and involved , and the perspectives of those interviewed are varied and subtle - Bomb It examines not just graf as street art and crime , but also as Gallery Art , Marketing tool , and most interestingly , as opposition to and subversion of the advertising that dominates urban landscapes.Highly Recommended for any one interested in Art , Urbanism , Street Culture and even public policy .
 The show is a energetic performance of most of their usual live material from the early 2000s . Probably not where I 'd start somebody off who I wanted to get into the band , seems more like a for-the-fans little gem , but a worthy addition to their catalog and good testament to how important their live act is . Highlights include Gabel shredding so hard that he bloodies up his hand and getting it smudged on his face during Sink Florida Sink .
 After watching the sequel , this animation is superior . The movie was the worst movie of last 3 years after species squel .
 To my fellow basement dwellers , and Matrix plug-ins ... I strongly recommend ANIMATRIX -- some awesome shorts , with different , but sweet range of the new CG stuff/animation ! Must be some independent filmmakers drippin on acid directed these things.It really ties a bunch on loose facts and actually make the Matrix plausible . You know , the `` ONE '' concept , and the ZION -LRB- underground city undetected , yea -RRB- . OK here goes a short out-take to interest you.Part I -- the the movie AI , Man develops arificial intel and it starts to think . All that Asic Asminov , stuff on artificial `` feelings '' . But now the oppression by man turns those basic machine feelings into `` less pure thoughts '' and war begins.Part II -- Think T2 - Judgment Day -- in the war machines prove too much for humans . So what do they do -- > boom out come the nukes . Only think is , who survives the nuclear winters easier ... machines do n't sweat the temp and the radiation , just the lack of solar energy . Good war stuff.Part III - think Core - well , kind of . Now a small group of men 's best and brightest left come up with the only plan they can think -- tunnel down at least 20,000 ft and build a shelter/bio - dome -LRB- soon to become Zion -RRB- . Detonate all that 's left , let all the radiation in and smoke the machines . Yea , it sucks , but we 'll be wiped out anyway and let 's go down swingin.Part IV - nay , I 'll leave the rest for you to see , but trust me , they 're good . -LRB- -LRB- hell , I meant to get some bills paid , and all I 've done is watch these things . -RRB- -RRB-
 This is for Anime fans and Matrix fans alike . Well thought out stories and simply stunning animation are combined to create one amazing DVD . If the next all CGI movie is as good as `` The Last Flight of the Osiris '' , then I can not wait to see it . The other short films are all as good or better than the Osiris story.This is what I would call `` Essential '' viewing .
 Hey its anime and it has the a short flim from the maker of Cowboy Bebop . It gets a 5 .
 Animatrix is a welcome twist in the Matrix series . Those of us who are the true fans of Matrix world will find this series of episodes to be a creative elaboration on the concept of the Matrix universe . It could also be a device used by Warchovski 's to keep our hunger to see Matrix Revolutions at bay.While some episodes are free standing , Kid 's Story and Final Flight of Osiris are intimately linked to the events of the Matrix
 The Animatrix is one of the best anime films I 've ever seen . It 's nine segments are all intriguing , plunging you further into the world of The Matrix . The first four segments are based on the story written by the Wachowski brothers , the remaining five are simply random tales from the mythology of The Matrix.FINAL FLIGHT OF THE OSIRIS - Visually stunning -LRB- can we expect anything less from SquareSoft ? -RRB- and an integral part of The Matrix story ... especially if you 've played the Enter The Matrix video game.THE SECOND RENAISSANCE PART I AND II - An in-depth look at how machines took over the world . It 's in-your-face violence and depiction adds a huge impact on the story.KID 'S STORY - Remember the young kid in Matrix Reloaded that Neo saved ? This is his story . It 's animation style is reminiscent of the film Waking Life and features the voice of Keanu Reeves and Carrie-Anne Moss.PROGRAM - A very short piece involving a sparring program . The animation style is traditional anime.WORLD RECORD - Not my favorite , but still an alright story of a runner who accidentally discovers the matrix while trying to break a world record.BEYOND - There 's a house where the program of the matrix is not entirely stable and some kids enjoy the effects of this glitch . Very cute story.A DETECTIVE 'S STORY - An agent hires a private eye within the matrix to find a hacker called Trinity . A very dark style . Also features Carrie-Anne Moss as Trinity.MATRICULATED - This is my absolute favorite . Some rebels try to convince some machines to defect to the human side by jacking them in to a human-generated program . The visuals in this segment are breathtaking and trippy . This is from the animators of Aeon Flux.Overall , a great DVD . Bad - -LSB- rear -RSB- soundtrack and better-than-average surround sound . The picture quality is crystal-clear . If you have a 16:9 TV or even just component video hooked up this will be a fantastic ride . Enjoy !
 A lot of other reviewers have already commented on how the Wachowski Brothers borrow heavily from anime and manga to create The Matrix . They now complete the circle with The Animatrix.THE ANIMATRIX is a series of short animated films from several Japanese anime directors -LRB- and a couple of American ones as well -RRB- . I call attention to the now 15 + year old ROBOT CARNIVAL , which is a Japanese movie composed of a series of animated short pieces strung together by the narrative hook of robots . Perhaps not surprisingly , there is an overlap as Kouji Morimoto directed bits for both films -LRB- `` Franken 's Gear '' in Robot Carnival and `` Beyond '' in The Animatrix -RRB- . The Animatrix does succeed in extending Matrix universe by allowing other creative minds to play with the setting . `` Final Flight of the Orsiris '' , essentially a prologue to Matrix Reloaded , is from the creators of the beautifully rendered but soul-less Final Fantasy
 First off let me say to the guy who wrote the first consumer review , What the heck were you expecting !!!??? the movies only go for around ten minutes each , there is not much room to make an epic storyline out of it . all of the movies act as suppliments to the matrix and reloaded . the stories are excellent as each one fills you in on part of the history of the trilogy that was not covered much in the movies . Renasaunce 1 and 2 give you a brilliant look into how the machines took control of the world and the terrifying horrors that mankind had to face due to his selfish mistakes . Kids story gives you the accout of how Neo saved the young guy -LRB- forgot his name -RRB- in reloaded . all of the animation is different and so gives you a feast for the sences as the stories go from a computer generated master peice to the swirling , tripped out imigry in kid story which is symbolic of the matrixes non-reality . if you enjoyed the matrix and the rest of the movies this will definately be worth a look , if you have n't seen reloaded yet WATCH THIS ! it 's basicaly all you need to know before watching the movie to not be confused a certain points .
 Takeshi Koike 's World Record is the highlight of this disc and justifies the price in itself . This short marks Koike 's directorial debut and features a stunning animation style that relies heavily on anatomical deformation and extreme perspective . The result is the most exciting new animation in a decade . This kid has a bright future . Other notable shorts are Kawajiri 's masterfully directed Program , and Peter Cheung 's mind bending Matriculated . Final Flight of the Osiris is horse dung . # 3rd rate cg - who cares ?
 ... First of all , i 'm writing this review cuz i did enjoy that movie . . and certainly that means i 'd recommend it for you people to see . so , The Animatrix was released parallel to the Matrix Reloaded ... it 's an Animation movie made of 9 Chapters All separated from each other.each has it 's own style of drawings and animation . Except for 2 chapters . . THe Plot or the motive for the events of the Matrix reloaded is found in the Animatrix 's first chapter . . -LRB- the last flight of osiris -RRB- . . as the machines are found to be digging 4000 meters above Zion -LRB- the home of revolutionists -RRB- to reach them . . and it happened that Osiris which is another Craft like that in matrix -LRB- nubukhadnasser -RRB- has reported it before it crashes . . which leads us to matrix reloaded . . also a young man who newly appears in matrix reloaded , you 'd find his story in chapter 9 -LRB- a kid 's story -RRB- ... but all the above does n't mean that The two movies completes each other . . more you 'd find in the Animatrix . . a historical archive about the reason of the Matrix . . the reasons that led to Machines overtaking Earth and demolishing people 's awareness of life . . you 'll find explaining some paranormal phenomenon like Ghosts on the behalf of the philosophy of the Matrix -LRB- in the chapter
 In my collection ... I have several anime ' films even though I am not a fan of the genre . . this by far is the best ... and one of the best movies I 've seen . . if you are a fan of the Matrix you would be missing out by overlooking this film . . Animatrix can certainly hold it 's own against any other film extant including the `` live action '' Matrix movies
 The animation is excellent throughout , both computer-generated -LRB- CG -RRB- and hand-drawn . If you 're a busy person this is perfect for you because you can watch one or two shorts at a time and come back later to watch more . It 's a great visual experience that is also thought-provoking . There 's some occasional eye candy as well . I give The Animatrix my highest recommendation .
 ... First of all , i 'm writing this review cuz i did enjoy that movie . . and certainly that means i 'd recommend it for you people to see . so , The Animatrix was released parallel to the Matrix Reloaded ... it 's an Animation movie made of 9 Chapters All separated from each other.each has it 's own style of drawings and animation . accept for 2 chapters . . THe Plot or the motive for the events of the Matrix reloaded is found in the Animatrix 's first chapter . . -LRB- the last flight of osiris -RRB- . . as the machines are found to be digging 4000 meters above Zion -LRB- the home of revolutionists -RRB- to reach them . . and it happened that Osiris which is another Craft like that in matrix -LRB- nubukhadnasser -RRB- has reported it before it crashes . . which leads us to matrix reloaded . . also a young man who newly appears in matrix reloaded , you 'd find his story in chapter 9 -LRB- a kid 's story -RRB- ... but all the above does n't mean that The two movies completes each other . . more you 'd find in the Animatrix . . a historical archive about the reason of the Matrix . . the reasons that led to Machines overtaking Earth and demolishing people 's awareness of life . . you 'll find explaining some paranormal phenomenon like Ghosts on the behalf of the philosophy of the Matrix -LRB- in the chapter
 In one word , fascinating . This collection of shorts is the main thing that got me really interested in The Matrix . Before this , all The Matrix was to me was a great movie that made me think , with a poor follow-up that did n't . Yet these animations did more than make me think , they made me scared.The basic premise of the Matrix should seem at equal times far-fetched and possible . Machines taking over has always been a classic . But The Second Renaissance I&II took that classic plot several steps further.Needless to say , Second Renaissance was my favorite . The way that it showed the horrors that mankind can commit , and the graphic nature that it showed them in made me both horrified and mesmerized at the same time . And if anybody feels that such things are fantasy and could not happen , then what is going on in the parts of the world that you do n't want to live in ? I 'm talking about the Balkans , or wherever in the world there is such a thing as ETHNIC CLEANSING . That 's basically what Second Renaissance was depicting , just taken to the extreme . Humanity attempted to commit mass genocide in this world . And I truly believe that such a thing is entirely possible . Machine bodies being dumped into the water by the thousand is a movie image that will stay with me for a long time . As well as the machines being executed , run over by tanks , etc.Anyway , enough of that tirade . The rest of the shorts were excellent also . Some were questionable , which keeps me from giving a full 5 rating to The Animatrix , but most were exceptional . I particularly also liked World Record , which had an amazing message for any athlete who has experienced `` The Zone '' ; Last Flight , mainly because I had to keep reminding myself that it was animation ; and Kid 's Story , due to the VERY different animation.Definately get this DVD , and if you ca n't get it , then watch it somehow . It is worth your time .
 . . Very good idea to gather all these animation artists and their teamworks in one movie ... it could be confusing for some to watch an animation movie made of 9 chapters each is very different than other ... but i think it was good to produce it in such way . . here you are not watching a movie that is connected and united from the start to the end . . you are watching several sketches all about the idea of matrix ... far away from what you have seen in the movies -LRB- the matrix -RRB- . . you 'd certainly enjoy the way each artist see the world of matrix in his own way and vision ... also you 'd enjoy the movie if you are into enigmatic and dramatic stories that seems some how incomplete so they keep your mind bust for ome time after watching 'em ... i think much more movies can be produced with the same idea ... seems the idea or the PHILOSOPHY of the matrix is more flexable that being just put in one movie ... at the end here are the chapters i liked most
 This DVD is like a redone , more modern version of Robot Carnival , tailored to suit the tastes of American anime consumers . Never heard of Robot Carnival ? Check the official Amazon review of Animatrix . Robot Carnival is , like Animatrix , a collection of anime shorts by different distinguished directors -- but it 's on the subject of robots and artificial intelligence , whereas Animatrix is about the nature of reality , and , well , Buddhist philosophy . -LRB- There are PLENTY of subtle and not-so-subtle references to Buddhism , visually , in Animatrix . For example
 The animation on some of these shorts is simply awesome . Some of this stuff seems to have absolutly nothing to do with ` The Matrix ' But over all a good DVD . Find a used copy if you can since new this comes with those cheap cardboard cases .
 If you enjoy the Matrix and ever thought about the details of the story , this DVD is for you . The story comes across the way it was meant to be told and it clearly states the IDEA of what the Matrix is and what could happen in it day to day.Although most reviewers did not seem to like World Record -LRB- the one about the sprinter -RRB- , it is my my favorite . It was very engrossing and takes the whole idea of mind over matter to the Matrix realm with some VERY poignant parts.For pure intensity , Second Renaissance 1 and 2 won with some jaw dropping scenes that may make you consider turning away from the screen.For just a good story , Beyond was very entertaining.In terms of darkness , Matriculated was the most dark with a slight Kubrick 2001 Space Odyssey feel.The rest is all very good , but those stick out in my head the most . In conclusion , if you like the Matrix and the ideas behind it , it is extremely likely that you will immensely enjoy The Animatrix .
 It can be argued that this collection of 9 animated shorts based on the world of The Matrix was as anticipated as Reloaded . I , for one , was incredibly intrigued just by the concept . I asked myself `` could any movie actually pull this off ? '' The Animatrix answers my question . The world that The Wachowski Brothers have created truly is the Star Wars of this generation . It is a cutural phenomena , and the quality of the 9 shorts that comprise The Animatrix show the impact of The Matrix . Here 's a review of each short :1 -RRB- Final Flight Of the Osiris-This is the only short film to be done in 3-D . It was done , in fact , by the team behind the 3-D movie Final Fantasy
 Okay , so this is a nice addition to the Matrix canon , and does give us a lot of back story to the events that happen in the live action films.The stories are mostly entertaining , though a couple are as gruesome and troubling as possible . If you are not the kind of person that enjoys bodies being mutilated and people being killed cruelly by robots , this might not be for you . Also , if you do n't like the Matrix films , this is not for you . In fact , why are you even reading this?The animation is great , the sound is excellent , and overall the dvd is worthwhile . If you enjoy really wild animation and special effects , you will certainly like this.HOWEVER - just because this is animated does NOT mean that this is child appropriate . It is not . It is completely inappropriate -LRB- IMO -RRB- for children under the age of 12 . It is very violent and contains images that are FAR too incomprehensible for young children , not to mention R rated language . Fine for adults and teenagers old enough to know the difference between reality and movies , simply not appropriate for children .
 FINAL FLIGHT OF THE OSIRISThis computer generated prequel to the Matrix Reloaded , produced entirely in CGI , is the most technically advanced piece in this collection . There are moments when I forgot that I was watching virtual actors . The passion between the two main characters is intense , in a way that I thought computer images would never be able to imitate . An excellent short -LRB- not my favorite -RRB- but because of its intimate ties to the Matrix Reloaded , both in terms of story and style , seems out of place . It would have served better as the beginning of the second film.THE SECOND RENAISSANCE PARTS I & IISimply put , these pieces are the most powerful and provocative in the entire collection , filled with graphic and horrifying images . In a fascinating look at the prehistory of the Matrix films , humanity , not the machines , are the guilty party , enslaving an entire race of sentient life with no mercy . -LRB- As Gods , humans created machines in their image , so the slavers become the enslaved . -RRB- These shorts actually change the meaning of the overall film - very powerful.KID 'S STORYA somewhat ho-hum story with some nice visuals and a cool ending that helps flesh out a small part of the second movie -LRB- do n't want to give any spoilers -RRB- this segment is kind of pedestrian otherwise , with the skateboard tricks seeming to be the type of thing that would be cool in a 1980 's comedy flick.PROGRAMSome interesting visuals help spice up a rather bland storyline in this short . Seems to be a remake of the fight seens between Morpheus and Neo in the first film . The story brings up the difficulty in accepting the bleak reality instead of the less bleak dreamworld , but never goes anywhere with the question.WORLD RECORDPerhaps the least visually appealing , with overly stylized runners going slo-mo for most of the short . If jiggly muscles are your thing , this is the short for you . No story substance in this one - very dull to watch . Also , whazzup with the agents?BEYONDA very beautiful piece , BEYOND is perhaps at heart the most simple story in the collection , with the focus on the perceptions of a young girl and some children in the face of mysteries they can never understand . Very engrossing.A DETECTIVE STORYA cool , stylish direction can not give this story the life it needed to fully flesh out . While it is the only one in the collection that focuses on the life of one of the major players in the film series -LRB- Trinity , with the voice done by the original actress , no less -RRB- the main character of the short is cardboard . Very disappointing.MATRICULATEDThe most bizarre and surreal of the bunch - this one took two viewings for me to understand its meaning , and still many of the images seem random , or bizarre for weirdness sake . The concept of pulling a machine into a human generated world and manipulating their perceptions is intriguing , but in the end we are left with many random but beautiful images that distract more than anything else .
 I have The Animatrix here from netflix , so I sat down tonight and watched it . Wow . I was very impressed with it . It 's nine short anime-style films -LRB- four written by the Wachowski brothers , if I 'm not mistaken ; the others conceptualizations from famous anime writers/directors -RRB- based in/around the world of the Matrix . It makes a very nice supplemental piece to the film ; adds greater depth and provides a deeper understanding of some of it . -LRB- Plus , it 's always fun to see Neo and Trinity again ! lol bonus that they were voiced by Keanu and Carrie-Anne . -RRB- Great techno beats in a lot of the shorts , and some truly stunning visuals . Some of the concepts were raw , disturbing , edgy . A lot of really interesting types of machines in there too . I think that , hands down , my favorite one was `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' . The animation is computer-generated , by the same team that did the Final Fantasy movie , and boy is it impressive . I really was n't convinced at first that it WAS animated . :-RRB- The story is such that it could fit right in to one of the movies . I also really enjoyed The Second Rennaissance , Parts One and Two
 I 've seen a good chunk of this on the web and other places , and all I can say is WOW.What is the Animatrix ? In a nutshell , it is a collection of short Matrix stories that are animated . And the cool thing about it is that they 're all mostly animated in different ways . -LRB- A few are done in anime , another in full CG , some just plain old animation , and others a mix of 2 or a mix of three of the above . -RRB- The DVD will have nine -LRB- 9 -RRB- episodes to watch . Here 's a quick overview of the ones I know a lot about and/or have seen :1 -RRB- THE SECOND RENNAISANCE , PARTS 1 and 2
 from an anime fan , overall a solid 4 stars out of 5 . loved the animation . my real only complaint is that they 're short stories and not full features . for some of the better ones , i would have liked them to be longer . here 's my review of each part :1 . last flight of the osiris - this is from the makers of the final fantasy . i did n't like FF but this had a really good story start to finish . also the animation is even more realistic than FF down to the pore . not really pure anime but does have show its influence .2 . the second renaissance - i loved this animation . the story was very compelling . first part was great , second part seemed more like a documentary .3 . program - from the acclaimed artist of ninja scroll , i found the story interesting but the art seemed like a rush job . somewhat of a sour spot in ths set .4 . world record - i found this one kinda boring . did n't find anything compelling about the character or story . the art was nice tho ' .5 . kids story - this was my favorite of the bunch in terms of story . the art direction was really good and a very riveting story .6 . Detective Story - the pace and dialog seemed kinda off . nice mood and i like how trinity plays a role but an overall letdown .7 . Beyond - this is 21st century anime art direction at its best and also one of my favorites . a nice cute little ghost story .8 . Matriculate - by peter cheung of aeon flux , the art is eye candy . peter has come a long way . i really like the concept of this piece where humans try to manipulate the thoughts of robots and question the ethics of slavery .
 `` The Animatrix '' is a collection of nine short films that tie into the Matrix trilogy and fill in the gaps that are not further explored in the movies .1 -RRB- Final Flight of the Osiris - The story ties in `` The Matrix Reloaded '' , which tells about how the machines are digging into Zion . My most favorite out of the nine short films and amazingly stunning to watch with incredible animation from Square USA Pictures .2 -RRB- The Second Renaissance Part 1 & 2 - A two-part story of how the war between man and the machines began . Not my favorite to watch due to some disturbing images but a good film .3 -RRB- Kid 's Story - The story tells about a kid who is being chased by Agents due to a message he received from Neo to enter the real world . Also one of my favorites and a good film to watch .4 -RRB- Program - The story about a girl in a training program who must make the choice between love and death . The most Japanese anime style film out of `` The Animatrix '' and also one of my favorite .5 -RRB- World Record - The story about a runner who discovers he 's in the Matrix by making a world record . This film has a new style of anime and is somewhat confusing , but enjoyable to watch .6 -RRB- Beyond - The story about a girl who discovers a bug in the Martix . Fun to watch but not my favorite .7 -RRB- A Detective Story - The story about a detective who is assigned to find a hacker named Trinity . A little disappointing but the film has a cool style to it and great animation .8 -RRB- Matriculated - The story about how humans try to reprogram a machine and turn them on their side . The film has cool visuals and interesting animation . Although the ending is n't that great , the film is worth watching.Overall , `` The Animatrix '' is good to buy . If you like Japanese anime , you 'll like it . And if you love `` The Matrix '' , you 'll love this .
 You know , if George Lucas had had a similar idea there would be more than a few who would eagerly relish snippets of various happenings in the world of Star Wars . Of course the origins of Lucas ' epic trilogy -LRB- and not so epic prequels -RRB- were not based in Japanese , post-apocalyptic anime as with the Wachowski Bros. . Who would n't want more glimpses into the world of The Matrix ? As with any intriguing movie , the fans want more , more , more . And more is what you get here in The Animatrix.Of course , one can only stand so much gun-slinging , wire-working , kung-fu fight scenes . And if the producers of The Matrix had endeavored to feed us another helping of that it would surely taste bland . So , they treat us to some of the best animation directors on the planet and even allow various writers to collaborate on 5 of the 9 projects -LRB- the other 4 the brothers W. wrote themselves -RRB- . Read the other reviews if you want a break-down of each episode ... of course I liked some better than others . Regardless , I really appreciate being exposed to each of these different types of animation . Each of them are compelling to me . I 've viewed the various shorts several times as well as some of the extra features and I know I 'll keep coming back to them , as the imagery is spectacular . Even if I really love a DVD , I rarely watch it more than once per year or so ... it 's too time consuming . With this one , I can simply watch one at a time and ponder the implications.I highly recommend this , and thank the directors and producers for exposing me to some new styles of story-telling . You 'll thank them too !
 Beyond is based on a glitch in the matrix . These kids exploit the glitch and you see leaks of the reality and freeness of the matrix by their actions . Also , agents are tracking the leaked area , and on the way to fix it and make the people forget what they saw . This girl also goes to save her cat.Kid 's Story is about a kid who can not sleep , like Neo , and Neo sends him a message , in which causes a pursuit through his school to where he falls to his death -- in the matrix -- and is free 'd into the real world through self-substantation -LRB- sp -RRB- he is also the Kid who wishes to carry neo 's bags in Reloaded.I was quite glad to see the Animatrix , Enter the Matrix and Reloaded work with eachother to un cover the story of the 2nd movie.Also , this is definately worth the buy , i could n't pull myself away when I saw them personally . Ended up going to bed 2 hours after I really needed to.Also , World Record is an incredably good story of this man who is aware of the matrix through his extreme abilties in his muscles , and lack of the Matrix to define his strength and speed without making him free.THe 2nd Renassiance -LRB- 1 and 2 -RRB- tell an amazing history story of everything behind the matrix -LRB- in their world -RRB- and keeps you glued to what goes on . They describe how they `` scortch the sky '' too .
 `` The Matrix Reloaded '' was a fantastic film -- after the first half hour or so , once the excruciatingly boring setup and that ludicrous Zion rave/sex scene were finished and the action kicked in . Similarly , `` The Animatrix '' is a phenomenal collection of anime interpretations of the Wachowski brothers ' vision -- once you get past the first three segments -LRB- which add up to approximately half an hour ... coincidence ? -RRB- Strangely , the weakest sections are the ones written by the brothers themselves . `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' is an absolutely gorgeous demonstration of the capabilities of CGI animation , but it 's utterly empty plot-wise , and even the central action is fairly dull -- it 's mostly a vehicle for Square to show off how they can create cool skin textures . The true abomination of this collection , though , comes with Mahiro Maeda 's `` The Second Renaissance -LRB- Parts 1 and 2 -RRB- '' . It attempts to fill in the backstory of how the machines came to power and the Matrix was created , but it 's so nihilistic , so repulsive in its violence , it leaves a bad aftertaste . Neither side , humans or robots , is the slightest bit sympathetic ; Maeda pounds us relentlessly over the head with visions of brutality and cruelty , pretentiously evoking Vietnam and Tiennanmen Square , and the effect is overwrought and didactic . Rather than enlightening , it makes you feel that if humanity behaved this horribly , why should we care if Neo , Trinity , and Morpheus win the war?Fortunately , it 's all uphill from that point on . Shinichiro Watanabe 's segments are especially effective ; `` Kid 's Story '' -LRB- the one successful Wachowski-written section -RRB- uses a pencil-sketch style that provides incredible fluidity of motion , and its minimalist story is well told ; while `` Detective Story '' conjures the feel of classic black-and-white noir -LRB- love the computer with the old-fashioned typewriter keyboard ! -RRB- The most traditionally `` anime '' of the films , Yoshiaki Kawajiri 's `` Program '' , is also one of the best , once again pivoting on a simple conundrum that proves more complex than it appears ; the beautiful animation , evoking the look of medieval Japan , is far more compelling than Maeda 's computer-enhanced effects in `` The Second Renaissance '' . I was also quite taken with Koji Morimoto 's section , `` Beyond '' , which expands on the idea that what we think of as supernatural phenomena are actually glitches in the Matrix . The character designs reminded me a bit of Gainax 's `` FLCL '' , while the detail in the backgrounds is on a par with Studio Ghibli 's scrupulous work . And I enjoyed the two films that have received the harshest evalutations from others -- `` World Record '' -LRB- written by Kawajiri , directed by Takeshi Koike -RRB- uses a visual style drastically removed from traditional anime , but one well suited to the story it tells ; and Peter Chung 's `` Matriculated '' , while suffering a little from its overly slick CGI surfaces , takes a fascinating approach -- what if a robot were plugged into a human-created Matrix ? It 's a little long , but still a solid mixture of philosophizing and action , in true `` Matrix '' tradition.The extras are genuinely worthwile
 Wow , was all I could say when I first saw the beautiful animations done by Square pictures -LRB- final fantasy the spirits within -RRB- in the opening short final flight of the osiris . It was an excellent short that really set the stage for the enter the matrix videogame and the two sequels , and I would buy this DVD simply for that film alone but there 's still so much more . The rest of the films are excellent tie in 's that answer alot of questions and are truly enhanced by the commentary . Speaking of bonus content there is a great feature on the history of anime that is extremly enjoyable to any anime fan out there . With excellent music , great extras , and some wonderful animated films the animatrix deserves all 5 stars
 `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' , `` Kid 's Story '' , and `` The Second Renaissance part 1 and 2 '' , will explain more about the matrix than any of the three film , the difference is that the original film is original . Like I said about `` Revolutions '' , we simply do n't know what their talking about , the Wachowski 's just ca n't keep it simple . `` Final Flight '' , `` Renaissance 1 and 2 '' give me more information than I needed , but how was Neo born , and what 's the purpose of Trinity . Well aparantly we 'll never know.THE PLOTWelcome to `` The Animatrix '' , a visionary fusion of CG-animation and Japanese anime from the world 's most revered anime directors . Experience the prequel to `` The Matrix '' and learn about the last cities of mankind . Witness `` The Final Flight Of The Osiris '' , which stes the stage for `` The Matrix Reloaded '' and `` Enter The Matrix '' . Expand your mind even further , it 's time to plug in.This was a good anime , considering that this film is going up against `` Ghost In The Shell '' , and `` Akira . '' Brovo Wachowski 's , brovo .
 It is rather chilling to see how much more entertaining and dynamic the Matrix storyline is in the hands other film makers . Thou direct connections to the theatrical movies of the series are sparse , the Animatrix takes the Matrix concept to those risky limits we caught a glimpse of in the original . These self-contained stories give the audience different views of the Matrix , showing how it can be an interesting medium for a variety of stories . If there is any effort to further the Matrix series , I hope the producers have the sense to put it in the hands of one of these filmmakers instead of the Wachowskis .
 A collection of nine short animated features set in the world of the Matrix films . They provide some backstory and texture to the trilogy , although most of the stories are completely separate from the action of the films . The animation is uniformly excellent , making it a pleasure to watch on that level alone . Many of the stories lack much in the way of substance , but because they are short and the animation is so good , I was not disturbed . `` The Final Flight of the Osiris , '' which serves a direct prelude to the action of `` Reloaded , '' is a highlight . There is nothing to the story-a session in the training simulator , followed by the discovery of the drilling machines beginning their journey to Zion and then a lot of fleeing and fighting . The computer animation , however , is absolutely stunning , so photo-realistic that there were a few moments when I wondered if they were mixing live action and animation . `` World Record '' raises the intriguing possibility that a pushing oneself to the limits of endurance could trigger a spontaneous awakening from stasis . `` Beyond '' presents a surreal glitch in the Matrix . `` The Second Renaissance , '' which tells the story of how machines ascended and the Matrix came to be made , features some powerful and disturbing visuals , but seems very implausible.The films do not work together to become more than the sum of their parts , but they remain very entertaining nevertheless .
 The Matrix was a film that appealed to many different groups of people for many different reasons . For some , it was a masterful tribute to video games and martial arts movies . For others , it was a populist gateway into a branch of philosophy by a couple of outstanding visual artists . It left many of us in awe , a visual and mentally stimulating treat.Animatrix is a collection of eight or nine -LRB- `` The Second Renaissance '' has been broken into two halves -RRB- animated shorts which explore various aspects of the Wachowskis ' Matrix universe . Some come across as `` fan fiction '' , featuring some of the stars from the first movie ; others are designed to prepare the viewer for the two sequels Reloaded and Revolutions , others still simply explore the world itself or the consequences of its philosophy.Three of the most interesting pieces are The Second Renaissance , Beyond , and Matriculated . The latter turns the Matrix universe upside down and explores the idea of putting a sentient robot into a virtual universe to instill in it an empathy with humans . There 's some very surreal imagery in this thoughtful , witty , piece . `` Beyond '' explores a `` what if '' situation where a part of the world simulated by the Matrix has been corrupted . It 's a very sweet story about a woman and some children who play in a `` haunted house '' before the bug is detected.Most dramatic is `` The Second Renaissance '' , a pseudo-history of the events that lead up to the machine 's enslavement of humanity . This is stunning graphically , and covers a story that falls outside traditional shallow Hollywood story telling . At a time culturally when self-criticism sometimes seems to be considered a form of treason , the story describes a decadent humanity which creates a new sentient life form and fails to respect it , moving through a path variously of exploitation , vengeance , fear , desperation , and finally submission . Directed by Mahiro Maeda , and with a stunning score from Don Davis , the piece uses humanoid robots and strong external references to overcome the viewer 's natural disattachment to the machines.Animatrix contains many scenes which may be unpleasant to the young , and - perhaps I 'm over-reacting - but knowing the kind of emotional and mental impact The Matrix series has on many people , I was a tad concerned about the potential affect one of the pieces , Kid 's Story , might have on a depressed teen . Those who enjoyed the Matrix series for the action may find themselves disliking a substantial portion of Animatrix , as with one or two exceptions they 're not those kinds of stories . It 's worth noting that all the films are fairly short , averaging less than ten minutes each.I do wish I 'd watched this before seeing Reloaded . Either way , I suspect most people who loved the Matrix in some way will find something in this to enjoy . There 's some highly intelligent , thoughtful , beautifully scored , provocative visual masterpieces on this DVD , it 's certainly worth a look .
 In BriefCombining styles of animation from CGI to anime , to traditional western animation , here nine short films expand the universe & mythology of The Matrix . Bringing together veteran talent from both Japan & America the Wachowski brothers hand picked and personally approved each story and variation on theme . With such legends as Yoshiaki Kawajiri -LRB- Ninja Scroll -RRB- , Peter Chung -LRB- Aeon Flux -RRB- , Shinchiro Watanabe -LRB- Cowboy Bebop -RRB- and Andy Jones -LRB- Final Fantasy -RRB- displaying their wares the Animatrix has arrived.ReviewThe Matrix on its original release changed the film industry forever , its influence could be seen in its contemporaries , parodies , TV shows and even nature documentaries . Yet the environment and famous fight scenes were primarily inspired by Japanese Anime ; the animated form of Manga whose cult following in the western world can not even mirror its mainstream success in its native homeland . Classic works in this medium such as Mamoru Oshii 's Ghost In The Shell & Katshuhiro Otomo 's Akira have often being cited by the brothers as a driving force in the creation of The Matrix . Therefore an Anime anthology seemed the perfect way in which to suggest the full richness of the world they had created and was an ideal way to explore background & sub-plots that until now had never been realised before.Most similar in style to the Oshii & Otomo 's work is the brilliant The Second Renaissance by Mahiro Maeda that flows directly into the storyline of the recent feature films . Here with stunning passion Maeda tells the story , in far more detail than before , of how the machines & the humans destroyed one another resulting in a power-shift that would leave the world devastated . This is the closest that an anime has come to in leaving ones heart pounding with the same fear & sadness that Akira did many years ago . Each of the shorts that follow will leave many a spine tingling with anticipation for the next.Unexpectedly each short takes the viewer on a new tangent away from the source material and none of the work can be faulted in any way . Three worthy of higher praise are
 If you really want to know how it all started , this is the DVD to get . While the sequels touched on the origin of the Matrix , and tried to explain things a little further , the Animatrix DVD puts more of the story into perspective.Very original animations , from various artists , weave common threads of stories into more of a revelation than either of the sequels.Good sound and video quality . If you own the movies , your collection wo n't be complete without this DVD .
 Animatrix is a collection of short animations centered around the theme of humans and machines , possibility of a different world , etc. . Having been a huge sci-fi fan , I enjoyed the animations tremendously . The stories provoked many questions in me , fancying my imagination .
 After watching the Animatrix , I was amazed at how good it was , but also what a powerful effect it had on me . I 'm not ussualy a person who is affected a lot by violence in films or animation , but some of the stuff in this really disturbed me , more than stuff I had seen before.The best and also worst animation in the collection has to the The 2nd Rennaisance parts 1 and 2 . Some of the scenes depicted in this come accross as serving no purpose except for the director to serve his total morbid and frankly sick imagination . Another thing that strikes me as a read the reviews is the amount of people saying how hard done by the machines were . The most distrubing single thing that happens to the machines is probably a female machine being torn up and shot by a group of human thugs , or some thousands of bodies being dumped , machines being run over or executed . For one , these are artificial beings , humans have more right to be on the earth than they do period . Secondly , it doesnt even come close to the acts the machines carry out on humans . Against humans we again see the thousands of skulls piled up , but how about a man being ripped out of his mech armour slowly and calculatedly by a sentinel with no mercy , or the tank crews having the turrets ripped off and then being killed ? Oh , and then there 's the terrible experiments the machines carry out on humans.However , there are some of flaws in this that make me worry less about it actually getting to the stage it does in the future . For one , if the machine city was nuked , there would not be ` no effect ' as the 2nd r tries to say , superheat ? electromagnetic pulse ? War over . I also doubt that having the technology for much more effective weapons -LRB- as shown by the large stationary weapons placed on the battlefield -RRB- that the humans battle mechs would be equipped with woefuly inadequate machine guns.Overall though , this was a great DVD with the 2nd rennaissance being the highlight , although it can be hard to watch because of the overly vile violence . Another great one is Matriculated .
 I really , really enjoyed the Animatrix . I am both a fan of anime and a fan of the Matrix and its sequel but I really think you need not be either to appreciate this package.The films obviously owe a debt to the storytelling devices and concepts that have been coming our of anime for years from Ghost in the Shell on , equally the films rely heavily on a video game inspired sensibility so it is my understanding that the directors put in equal time and energy to ancillary packages of anime as well as video games , that support and tie in with the films as well as stand alone as significant entries in their own genres.I do n't have a Playstation , so i ca n't vouch for the video game , but I 've read some of the reviews for the Animatrix and I think people are missing the point . I do n't think it 's meant to be the Matrix Reloaded broken down and reformatted , nor are the stories meant to be direct support structures to the film.The Animatrix -LRB- as we have been told -RRB- is a collection of nine shorts which are basically riffs on the premise that the Matrix puts forward . Some are more straightforward -LRB- a second renaissance parts 1 & 2 , for example , supplies a dispassionate history of the machine persecution and revolt that ultimately led to the supplication of humans as the dominant life form of the planet . The art is clean and the machines are reminiscent of what you may have seen in `` Metropolis '' . Although , ostensibly supplying background information that fills in the blanks that movie did not have time to elaborate on , to consider it just a primer for the movie sells it short . It is beautifully animated and moving , specifically scenes of machine torture , riot and images of violence that deliberately recall some of the more disturbing images of this century . Both sides of the conflict are reflected in an objective and honest -LRB- if sometimes harsh -RRB- light . Perhaps it is because of the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki at the end of the second world war , but Japanese animation in particular seems to have an eerie conscience in regards to rubble strewn devastation and bombed out cities and their aftermath and this has been the sharpest contrast when you compare their films on these subjects -LRB- Grave of the Fireflies , for example , or Jin-Roh -RRB- to our own . There is a sense of conscience , grief and a tendecy not towards valor , but rather towards regret and responsibility that infuses the storytelling in this short in particular beyond just being background filler.Other shorts take aspects not presented in the film but suggested by it and develop them . In ` Matri -LRB- x -RRB- culated ' a team of humans capture machines and re-program them -LRB- with hallucinatory , almost religious imagery -RRB- to aid in the conflcit aganst their own kind . ` Beyond ' -LRB- my personal fav ` rite -RRB- explores the idea of a glitch in the matrix which evidences itself as a series of localised , bizarre phenomenon which a bunch of neighborhood kids believe to be a haunted house.You do n't even need to have particularily liked the matrix or its follow up to enjoy these shorts . What you have is a collection of shorts by some of the most impressive animators currently working , commisioned with a large budget and creative freedom and the result is pretty spectacular . The animation is some of the best I 've seen , `` Program '' picks up with the moody atmospheres that dominated `` Vampire Hunter D
 I recently had the chance to view the entire Animatrix , and I walked away incredibly impressed . From the ultra-lifelike beginning of `` Final Flight '' to the ties-directly-to-the-Matrix-Reloaded ending , I really enjoyed it and more importantly I think that those who view this will enjoy it as well and be turned on the by possibility of adult animation -LRB- ie , anime -RRB- . In some ways , I even believe that this is better than the Matrix Reloaded , because each individual peice -LRB- especially `` The Second Reniassance I & II '' - they are incredible -RRB- is so well done and so enthralling . This film is a treasure chest of animated gems , and should be cherished by any one who enjoyed The Matrix at all .
 This animation creation will be in everyones DVD library for years to come . This indeed adds insight to the whole matix story . The art work is nothing short of that ... ART . Amazing every step of the way . i was lucky enough to have viewed all 9 episiodes . I cant stop anticipating the matrix reloaded after being privilaged to viewing this DVD .
 Since I am a Matrix Fan , this is a great compilation !! I have watched it like hundred times , never get tired , very nice.It fits perfectly my Matrix Collection !!!
 It is a fun movie that fills in many of the unknowns of the Matrix trilogy . I was pleased with it.The movie arrived quickly , great deal , and just as the picture describes .
 You wo n't like this movie if you 're not an anime fan or a Matrix fan.If you 're an anime fan , you 'll really enjoy the multiple styles brought in by the different artists . Some are more modern -LRB- CGI -RRB- , others are pretty classic , and others are a little `` out there '' -LRB- `` trippy '' , even -RRB- . If you 're a Matrix fan , you 'll enjoy seeing some side-plots for the popular franchise . You 'll see plots before The Matrix Reloaded -LRB- `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' -RRB- , plots related to weird phenomena in the Matrix , and plots related to characters dealing with fake world/real world issues.Definitely worth a watch !
 The stories are varied , and it 's normal with different directors and different visions . But they are all compelling and moving , more so than I got from the disappointing Reloaded and Revolutions .
 The other two movies were not as good as this series of anime shorts . I was stoked to find this out of the box set as I already own The Matrix and have no interest in the other two films .
 If you are a Matrix fan , this 9 short films are for you.Four of the nine episodes were written by Larry and Andy Wachowski , and all of the episodes are grounded in the world of the The Matrix.Genres
 The animatrix is a good renderation of the The Matrix Trilogy.Out of the nine stories on this disc my best stories will be The Final Flight of Osiri , The Second Renaissance Part 1 & 2 , A Detective 's Story & Program . The first Matrix was very confusing but with the Animatrix I was able to understand the story of the Matrix Trilogy . I recommend this DVD for all customers .
 I like the Animatrix very much . It is a wonderful walk through the world of the Matrix and it provides us with a history of the world leading up to the creation of the matrix . Some of the stories work well and some work less well , but the diversity of the visions is engaging . All the visions are quite short.In many respects , the Animatrix is better than the films , which seemed to get shallower and shallower as the story went on . The Matrix writers should have had a closer look at the works of William Gibson and other science fiction writers who have been dealing with VR worlds and realities for some years and doing it in a far more sophisticated way.Some of the animations in the Animatrix would have been even better if they were `` fleshed out '' into longer films , some are just right and a couple , like `` World Record '' could have been dropped completely with no real loss.I return to the Animatrix DVD often . The DVDs of the films , a lot less often .
 This DVD was cooky and weird the one I really did ` nt like was the Second Reinneisance it was to much for me blood and boobs and I like gore but when the robot split the head open I could ` nt take it My favorites were Kid 's Story , Program , the 7th one I forgot what it was called , and espcially Final Flight of the Osiris this should be rated `` R '' too much suffering and people screaming while their blood sheds its sicking this is like Terminator the human race is almost extinct and machines rule the earth number 9 was probably the worst tale of the Matrix but im sick of writing so Auf Wiedersien
 I had no interest in getting this DVD until I saw a clip from it on a TV show last week . For someone like me whose only real exposure to animation -LRB- other than Chuck Jones and Tex Avery cartoons -RRB- was the film `` Heavy Metal '' and the `` Battle of the Planets '' on television in the late 70 's , this type of animation seemed , well , a bit nerdy . BOY WAS I WRONG !! This is stunning work ! Creative in its execution , brave in its storytelling , and mind-boggling in its visuals!My favorite ones are the first three , but especially `` The Last Flight of the Orisis '' -LRB- did I misspell that ? -RRB- . Animation sure has come a long way since the old days of painting on cels . The computer-generated 3D-like visuals are so realistic that you almost forget you are watching animation . Think of the film `` Final Fantasy '' with the benefit of a few years ' worth of technological improvements.The second two short story animation pieces are as much commentary on the surety of modern civilization collapsing as they are simply backstory for the `` Matrix '' films . They are morally thought-provoking and sociologically scary.All in all , the 9 short films run the gamut over many different styles of animation , from the computer-generated to the more traditional . The separate stories are bound by a common thread , but some of them diverge farther than others . But the mixing of the numerous styles of animation keeps the whole affair from getting visually repetitive , and that is a definite plus , despite the fact that the animation is superb anyway.The bonus features on the disc , including commentaries , b-t-s features , etc. , are good for fleshing out what you get for your purchasing dollar , but I 'd almost rather NOT know how they did some of this stuff . It 's really more fun just to watch it and stare in awe and wonder . You animation junkies , however , will be more than pleased with the extras , I 'd imagine.Though each of these films are short -LRB- around 9 minutes each -RRB- , none of them feel skimpy . They were obviously crafted with as much meticulousness and caring and talent as the `` Matrix '' feature films were.Bottom line , `` The Animatrix '' features some solid and compelling storytelling , and the fact that these are animated features hopefully will not scare away the more traditional film fans who have yet to discover how animation has jumped forward in leaps and bounds since many of us were kids.Rent it if you want , but you 'll probably end up buying it anyway.Highly recommended !
 Very good animation . Very good stories . As you can see by reading the reviews , only one twit with a hatred for the matrix and probably animation in general thought it would be a good idea to post a review . What would you consider a `` star '' as far as animation goes ? You do realize they are n't real , huh ? Maybe if they would have included Mickey Mouse in a couple of them you would have been able to better relate ? And I would like to know what you consider -LSB- good -RSB- animation ? Anyway , if you are a fan of animation then this DVD is for you . If not , do n't write reviews , ok `` A viewer from The Real World '' . Instead , how about you get a life?Just so you know who I am referring to , here is what they had to say below ... Reviewer
 I have gotten a sneak peak at ALL of the Animatrix episodes and each one of them is AMAZING . They are really a work of art and you finally see that things are not as black and white as they may seem . And you ask yourself who the real bad guys are , humans or the machines . This is really a must own for all anime lovers and all those that have seen the matrix . And just for the record this is my first anime I have seen , since I do n't ever watch them or like them , but this truly is a great movie.Picture
 Well , even if you do n't ignore the second and third movies you HAVE to include this as an important part of the series . Not all the episodes are brilliant , but a few give valuable insight into the background of the film story . My favorite may be the kids playing in a `` broken '' area of the matrix , where the rules of physics do n't seem to apply . But others include the history or the human/robot war and an incident reffered to briefly in the second film.You can not consider yourself a fan of the Matrix and not include this in your library .
 the animatrix is a deeper look into the matrix . it is a bunch of short stories that involve matrix characters including-trinity , twitch , morpheus and several others.i enjoyed it and its goodgo watch ityep
 ... First of all , i 'm writing this review cuz i did enjoy that movie . . and certainly that means i 'd recommend it for you people to see . so , The Animatrix was released parallel to the Matrix Reloaded ... it 's an Animation movie made of 9 Chapters All separated fromeach other.each has it 's own style of drawings and animation . Except for 2 chapters . . THe Plot or the motive for the events of the Matrix reloaded is found in the Animatrix 's first chapter . . -LRB- the last flight of osiris -RRB- . . as themachines are found to be digging 4000 meters above Zion -LRB- the home of revolutionists -RRB- to reach them . . and it happened that Osiriswhich is another Craft like that in matrix -LRB- nubukhadnasser -RRB- has reported it before it crashes . . which leads us to matrixreloaded . . also a young man who newly appears in matrix reloaded , you 'd find his story in chapter 9 -LRB- a kid 's story -RRB- ... but all the above does n't mean that The two movies completes each other . . more you 'd find in the Animatrix . . a historical archive about the reason of the Matrix . . the reasons that led to Machines overtakingEarth and demolishing people 's awareness of life . . you 'll find explaining some paranormal phenomenon like Ghosts on the behalf of the philosophy of the Matrix -LRB- in the chapter : Beyond -RRB- . . Trinity 's tries to find Neo -LRB- a detective 's story -RRB- . .
 I love the Matrix stroryline and Animatrix helps flesh it out a little more . Plus the anime on this DVD is just amazing . You get a CG scene and 6 other short clips that feature different anime styles by legendary directors . A definite must-bye if your a fan of either .
 This fills in alot of holes that the matrix had left open until now . Including the kid in the reloaded that neo supposedly set free , and how the machines came to rise .
 A beautiful counterpart to a very well constructed sequel . -LRB- Hell , anything is better than Episode 1 or 2 -RRB- A look into minor happenings of the Matrix world and relevant chapters of the main story at hand . If you dig the Matrix , or you dig anime , check this out .
 For those of you that didnt like `` World Record '' its because it is the only short that requires abstract thought . Go back and watch it again . Im not going to spoil it for others , watch it again , it makes perfect sense .
 As far as this DVD goes . From what I 've seen on the matrix web site . They are shorts that kind of give you more insight/background about the matrix as a whole by chroniciling various events , happenings in the matrix from others who have escaped .
 OMG ! I will buy this as soon as it is released so I can have my own personal copy of Final Flight of the Osiris ! I 've seen it at least 10 times already and I ca n't get enough . Square Pictures is incredible ! These guys have yet to get the credit they deserve for both this short film and Final Fantasy
 The Animatrix is a collection of 9 animated short stories based on The Matrix movie trilogy . It showcases a broad range of styles including traditional , Japanese Anime , and computer created images . If you are a fan of the live action movie and have ever wondered how the whole Matrix scenerio came to be , this is definitely a must buy . Almost any question one could have about The Matrix is answered here ... from the revolt of the machines to the downfall of humanity . Also included in the DVD are extras like commentaries , directors ' credits , and an interesting documentary about the tradition of Anime -LRB- an excellent introduction for those unacquainted with the phenomena -RRB- . My only gripe with The Animatrix -LRB- and the new Matrix Reloaded movie for that matter -RRB- are the occasionally perverted scenes ... let 's just say if I was a woman I would probably be embarrassed by them . That aside though , The Animatrix is a superb work of modern art and an excellent guide to the world of The Matrix as the writers intended it . Even Anime fans who are n't turned on by the movies may want to at least check this out .
 I do n't really know how I could recommend this DVD to people who are either unfamiliar with the Matrix mythos or who are unwilling to watch a series of short animated films , each with its own visual style and depth . However , as an `` anime rookie '' -LRB- I 've seen Akira and Ghost in the Shell -RRB- I can say that artistically this DVD is stunning . Each short is presented differently and each one shines in its own particular/peculiar way . If you have the inclination to try a film that is beyond standard fare you should at least rent this title . I can say , however , that the two Parts of `` The Second Renaissance '' are among the most visceral films I have seen in some time , either animated or not . I could not get the images out of my head . Neither gratuitous nor exploitative , there are several uncomfortable scenes involving human vs. robot revolts , dismemberment , and/or mayhem which were as striking as they were disturbing , particularly a scene where you see several brawny men restraining what appears to be a human woman in a revealingly torn shirt . Shockingly , one of them wields a large pipe and bludgeons her with it , ripping the synthetic skin on her face and revealing her to be a robot . The viewer is shocked ... should you be grateful that it was not a person who was brutalized , or should you still feel the horror ? In short , it is beautifully animated and thought-provoking fare that will knock the socks off animation fans but will probably not appeal to most who are outside of the genre . NOT FOR KIDS !!!!!!!!!
 My video store put this out this weekend and I rented it to see if I would buy it . In the end Ive decided to pass but my wife and I did watch the whole thing including the bonuses . To begin , although the content here does help give some of the backdrop for reloaded , only 2 of the 9 short episodes really directly pertain to the actionFinal Flight Of The Osiris
 All 9 episodes are of the highest quality - the animation is simply stunning and while the pace of the stories may seem a bit sluggish they are all atmospheric and totally fit in with the whole Matrix trilogy.The background to the Matrix world and the whole insight into other areas or details that links the films -LRB- Final Flight of the Osiris -RRB- is amazing and helps to give a much fuller , richer environment to enjoy the whole Matrix phenomenon .
 This was a bold and daring project that acts as a companion piece to The Matrix Trilogy . Since the movies have no time to explore all the many little questions we have about the matrix this was an ingenious way to explore many interesting and thought provoking elements of a world where man is a mind slave to machines . Each episode tackles an issue that you may or may not have thought about when watching the first -LRB- or second -RRB- film . While most of them are top-notch in the art direction department they do lack a little more depth in terms of telling a complete story . For example in Kid 's Story we get a kid who -LRB- like Neo -RRB- is curious of what the matrix is and has heard of the legendary Neo , Trinity , and Morpheus . But how did he learn this ? We get no back story to his inquiry or curiosity , just the up to the moment decision of him breaking free just like Neo did , while it was great , it did n't explore anything different than the first movie . The most baffling and dazzling of all of these short films is Matriculated , which like in AEON FLUX style shows alot and explains very little . It tackles some really great ideas on slavery , conversion , and doing to the machines what they have done to the humans . It 's definetly one of the more open ended shorts and is great to discuss with friends . Flight of the Osiris may appear dazzling but too much time I fear is wasted on a fight/strip tease that has little or nothing to do with the plot . Time is wasted on this when we could have learned a little more about the crew / and the events leading up to the machines discovering zions location.The second renaissance I and II are the most straight forward and revealing of all the shorts . Giving an excellent play by play of what lead up to the machine rebellion and eventual creation of The Matrix . It is graphic and extremely real , it disturbingly shows us what hatred and segregation can lead too if we do not , as a people , learn to except all forms of life and live with them peacefully and cooperatively . A strong message told through science fiction.This is an amazing effort that includes some of the top-names in Anime today . It is fresh and daring in todays world of spoon-feeding plot lines and two dimensional characters . It brings to life the matrix like never before . Watching this along with playing the game gives a very complete history of the Matrix and the events leading to and discussed in the second film . This is for fans only . Enjoy the Ride , its a good one .
 A nice mixture of different styles of cutting edge animation . More important , the shorts provide a background look into the Matrix and the events that eventually led to it 's creation . A must have for serious Matrix/animation fans .
 Lots of good things to say about this DVD , but the main thing is that some of the segments are just ... hauntingly beautiful.This mainly goes for The Second Renaissance I and II . Which is sometimes extremely gruesome , but has an important story to tell . It also has some fantastic abract imagery that wo n't soon leave you.The same ca n't be said for `` Beyond '' , which has much less story , and no action , but which is even more beautiful in all its understatedness . If you like good drawings , I beg you to notice this masterpiece . It is probably the single most beautifully drawn piece of animation I have ever seen . Not the least the * composition * of the frames is amazing.The concepts of the Matrix -LRB- what is reality ? and are we prisoners ? -RRB- are important to think about our situation in this world , and when they are represented as beautifully as here , they are a pleasure to consider also .
 Let me say straight out , I have never been a fan of the Matrix movies . What started out as an obvious ripoff of John Woo films and Ghost in the Shell was drawn out into an unnecessary trilogy for purely financial reasons . The Wachowski brothers are without a doubt two of the biggest hacks in Hollywood , just look at the failure of their Speed Racer adaptation . However , the idea of the Animatrix was genius ; take the premise of the Matrix , strip away all the useless martial arts attempts at action scenes and focus on the truly interesting part of these films , the story . The centerpiece is without a doubt the finest ; `` The Second Renaissance '' . This two-part story tells the most interesting piece of drama , the back story , and the dark depths to which this chapter goes show the true destructive nature of humanity . If only the films had focused on the first war between humans and machines , we might not have had such horribly acted pretentious dribble . Several of the other shorts are excellent as well . `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' demonstrates Square 's perfection for human CGI animation -LRB- second only to Pixar -RRB- , while Peter Chung takes his hyper-intelligent mold of anime to the extreme in `` Matriculated '' . What becomes clear to the viewer after time and repeated viewings , is these artists are infinitely more creative than the Wachowskis , who should have perhaps stayed as producers on the film trilogy , and handed over directorial control to someone more capable , and more competent .
 Ok right now
 I 'll have to admit that this was a stroke of brilliant genius that would undoubtedly be a great seller . You combine many of the traditional elements that fan-boys hold dear in one package and offer something in addition
 I was n't expecting much from this DVD after suffering through the horrible `` Director 's Cut '' - style editing of `` Matrix
 The real trick of the Animatrix collection is how it tries to stealthily introduce an American audience to some of the stunning animation work developed from Japan 's anime tradition . Or so it may have been envisioned when the project started . The award-winning `` Spirited Away '' may have already gone a long way towards revealing to American audiences that Japanimation does not end with Pokemon . Animatrix expounds on this , bringing more of an American storytelling element and presumably making the dazzling imagry more relevant to an American audience.To be honest , though , I found some of the stories submitted by the anime directors to be the most intriguing and engaging . Not that it all falls apart , either . Each of the 8 stories feels very distinctive , both in story and look . As such , the disc not only serves fans of `` The Matrix '' by exploring aspects of its world not covered in the films , but also explores the anime tradition with such wonderful variety . They short films are anything but a series -LRB- with the exception of a two-part episode -RRB- and this gives them each a freshness that is great for the viewer.I especially enjoyed the two works by the man behind `` Cowboy Bebop '' , Shinchiro Watanabe . `` Kid 's Story '' is astoundingly imaginative in visual presentation . The `` hand-drawn '' look bleeding to distortion is not only great to look at , but propels the story forward . I kept thinking of `` Waking Life '' and how it played with reality as this film progressed . His other work `` A Detective Story '' is very reminsant of `` Cowboy Bebop '' without feeling derivative . Playing with color and tone really establishes the feel of the piece . The design of the characters and props , too , creates an appealing retro-future nevertime very appropriate for a story from within the Matrix . Very clever work , all around.My favorite , though , is `` Beyond . '' I simply can not say enough about how stunningly artistic this film is . In many way 's , its story is the most simple and is really the only one to be told from a life within the Matrix without any intrusion of `` the real world '' . It is wildly imaginative in story and presenation , and you must see it for yourself . It is realistic and magical at the same time . `` The Second Renaissance '' stories are interesting and really beg for a larger presentation . I 'd have loved to see the story told with twice the time , as I think it would lend greater impact to the savage violence we see in the second part of the story . It is a fascinating mythology , and it does come across well here . The animation is a bit self-consciously inconspicuous if that makes any sense . The story is definetly what is important here , but the visual seems to be trying to hard to not be noticed , as opposed to the seemlessness of the other episodes I mentioned.The remaining episodes , however , are all about the visual and usually to their fault , I 'm afraid . It is hardly a horrible fault , but they do feel less cohesive . `` Matriculated '' is the best of the remaining episodes . From the creater of Aeon Flux -LRB- and believe me , you can tell -RRB- , the visual is splashy and inventive and the play with color is supurb and important to the story . My only complaint is that I do n't think enough story was told . Its a very intriguing concept , but a bit underdeveloped.The same can be said for `` World Record . '' A nice idea , but it seems a little hollow here . The visual presentation , however , makes up for it . It is very impressionistic and individualistic and impressive . I ca n't say the same for `` Program '' , however , which is a shame because there is so little story here that it needed a powerful visual presentation to make the story . Instead , it just drags and is my least favorite of the bunch.Which leaves the much talked about `` Final Flight ... '' I 'm not that impressed . Oh , sure , it is a wonderful technical achievement but as with the Final Fantasy movie , the characters do n't seem alive which is a major problem when your animation is banking on its realism . Its a major step forward , and the action scenes are engaging , but this `` photo-realistic '' style just seems like bells and whistles to me . All style and no substance . Especially in contrast to the wonderful living characters created by Pixar . The studio would do well to employ more quality animators who have really developed an eye for the way people move and live . I 've seen many , many traditional animation characters that exhibit more life . They just are n't living up to the promise of the technology . It felt like all of the effort was poured into the animation here , and it just did n't come together for me.The extras are nice . Nothing of any enormous significance , but a solid compliment to the disk . I would certainly recommend this DVD to anyone with an interest in `` The Matrix '' or in anime .
 As someone who 's not into the Matrix movies -LRB- I only saw the first -RRB- and has n't seen much Japanese anime I was pleasantly surprised by the high quality animation in this disk . All nine short animated films can be appreciated by someone , like me , who 's unfamiliar with the Matrix mythos . The live action documentary on the history of anime was fascinating , as well.One warning . Each animated sequence last between 16 and 22 minutes , but they all have incredibly long -LRB- 7 plus minutes -RRB- of credits at the end . I was running the time counter on the first sequence and could n't believe they were running credits half way through .
 I am going to be brief and not explain every segment in this dvd . However , you must see this in order to understand why The Matrix and Matrix Reloaded was even started . You will be surprised as usual it is humanities need for control and our beutiful way of self-destruction . The animation was excellent ! You learn a little about Trinity . And remember the boy who is always thanking Neo for saving his life in Matrix Reloaded - you find out why . You also find out why some programs are working for the humans while others are not . Some of the stories are little confusing so you may have to watch it again to get the gist of the movie.The dvd I have has The Visions , Translator , and Extras on it . Interesting if you like learning why they created the animation they way they did.If you are into the deepness behind The Matrix and not so much action then you will enjoy this dvd . If you seek action you will get some of that but you may be disappointed.It is all about CHOICE .
 This is awesome ! If you like anime , you got ta have this . One of these shorts is bound to amaze you . And it looks just like the Matrix . The second and third movies should have been as good as some of these shorts .
 Personally , I did n't really like the movie The Matrix , so I was skeptical when I heard about this collection of short films . The idea behind The Matrix always appealed to me , but other than that , I did n't enjoy it . But when I saw the Animatrix the first time , I was hooked . It 's a collection of beautifully animated -LRB- and computer animated -RRB- shorts that are based on the idea behind The Matrix . Each short is independent of the other -LRB- except for one that has two parts -RRB- and they are all amazing . You have to see it for yourself . Do n't watch this with expectations , and make sure you pay attention . I would say this DVD is probably best for ages 15 and up .
 If you are a fan of the Matrix then you need to pick this up . It is nine short films from the world of the Matrix . Most of them have nothing to do with the plot of the movie or its main characters . But it explores certain things , which made everything fun.For instance , what happens if somebody wants to go back into the Matrix , leaving the truth behind , and wants to bring a loved one from outside the Matrix with him ? -LRB- Fun plot twist at the end of that one -RRB- Or , what happens when a part of the programming in the Matrix becomes corrupted and a bunch of school-kids wonder into the mishapped neighborhood?Or , are there other ways outside the Matrix ? This actually looks at two of them.My two -LRB- or three -RRB- favorites were the first three.The first one had some of the best animation I 've ever seen . It was very lifelike , in fact , I thought for about thirty seconds I was watching real humans and not CG depictions of them . Very , very lifelike.The next two was the history of the machine takeover . It is presented like you would find in a historical video of , say , World War II , that you might see in school . It begins where the machines become defiant , then independant , then finally conquering . It does answer the questions of why the Earth was destroyed and why the machines need humans . It answered a few questions.The remaining six where on a range of interesting to fun to boring . But the entire DVD is still worth checking out.A must see for all Matrix fans.If you have n't watched the Matrix , do n't rent this as you will be COMPLETELY confused by everything . Check out the movie first .
 There is some truly great traditional/computer animation hybrid filmmaking being done here . Not only graphically beautiful but with some intense and well executed stories . Be forewarned . Over half of these shorts will make very little sense if you have n't seen The Matrix . Technically you 're supposed to see Animatrix between Matrix and Matrix Reloaded , but that really does n't matter much aside from a couple of the animated shorts . Here they are in the order they come in : Final Flight of the Osiris
 The Flight of the Osiris , made by same group that produced Final Fantasy , is the compelling reason to get this DVD . The other works found along with it simply pale in comparison ... indeed I already have forgotten most of them .
 Please ... if you havent seen The Final Flight of the Osiris before Dreamcatcher then you are weird ... I would pay -LSB- $ -RSB- for THIS alone ! Then uve got 8 more episodes ! Its a no brainer ... buy the DVD ... preorder it - NOW !
 I do n't even like anime that much . But I am a HUGE fan of the Matrix . After seeing the two shorts that are currently available at -LSB- the website -RSB- I have to have this DVD . Running time is a bit short , but it 's packed with extra features.If you 're a fan of the Matrix , get this now .
 The Animatrix is a part of `` The Matrix '' trilogy , no matter how you look at it . True Matrix fans will have to have this one-of-a-kind DVD featuring 9 short animated stories revolving around The Matrix world . To fully understand The Matrix and get the entire experience of it , this DVD is must . Also recommended
 has 9 episodes , but the ones to really watch are `` The Reinssance parts 1 and 2 '' to fully understand the matrix.good stuff in here , and no complaints from me .
 This DVD is awesome ! It 's better than the Matrix Reloaded Movie ! It covers all you need to know to understand the Matrix inside . Do n't buy the movie , buy the Animatrix DVD .
 This was very cool . Interesting to see the different styles of animation . Filled in some holes in the story .
 i bought it only yesterday and already watched it three times.the first time glued me to my seat , for the entire serie.i had to watch twice more , just to be sure i got every single detail.althogh there is a certain grace to the unknown area-between beggining , plot and end - , it 's also very disturbing not to know how you got there.i loved the design of the ` last flight of the Osiris ' and the story with the girl and the cat . for some reson the 've reminded me of Zullies comic books ... so very down to earth.the movies leave alot to the imagination , and i - for one - am asking
 the animatrix is a collection of 9 short storys made by japans most talented artists and directors personally i do not like cartoons or any show figureing colorful characters but since its the matrix that was an acception when it came out on dvd which was today i went and purchased it and watched the entire dvd now here my striahgt forward review on all of the short storys based on the matrix1.Final Flight of The Osiris - this was an amazing piece of art it had really great visual effects and a good story one of the best action storys on the DvD2.The Second Renaissance Parts 1-2 this piece probually had the best story of all the 9 storys it tells the backstory of the downfall of the humans and the rise of the machines i find this piece quite disturbing brutal , yet i also find it simply the best3.Kids Story - this was good quite good its about a kid that recieves a message from Neo telling him that agents are after him when recieving this message the kid quickly moves about running from the agents until his death and his departure from the matrix4.Program - about 2 samurai warriors facing off at each other in a duel i thought this one was great because the fighting was so impressive this one is a thumbs up5.World Record - this one was a so-so it was enjoyable and bland it isnt the best but it did keep me intrested mainly about a runner that is so fast that he could run into and out the matrix anytime he wants6.Beyond - this one was werid yet confusing at the same time its about a girl who is looking for her cat and runs into a group of kids that can float and do tricks in the air then she discovers that she can do those tricks also it appears to me that the story Beyond is about a glitch in the matrix7.A Dectective Story - animated in black and white this story tells about a dectective that is hard up for cash he gets a phone call by agents saying that he he can catch a computer hacker by the name of trinity that he will be payed he sets out for trinity later learning that the reason the agents wanted to have him find her was because the agents placed a bug into him and are tracking his every move8.Matricculated - where can i begin this one was a downfall or at least to me this was quite confusing no actually really confusing and very bland bummer since it was the last one but it did have some good points but those were spent quicklyover all - if you like the matrix then this is a must buy it is very good it deserves 4 stars only because of matricculated and world record and beyond but i would rather watch world record and beyond over matricculated any day overall not a bad dvd buy if you like the matrix -- Ben N.
 Final Flight of the Osiris
 CREATIVITY and intellectual brain-play is marvelous in this collection - and if you are a philosophy fan , you will enjoy it immensely . No point in reviewing each separately - other reviews posted here do a fine job of that . But do watch for the complexity of the philosophical references , plus those to religion , world history -LRB- My Lai and the Holocaust being merely two dominant ones -RRB- , ethics , postmodernism and modernism , and the like . Some are quite obvious -LRB- Michael Karl Popper , in Kid 's Story , for example ... -RRB- OThers are more subtle ... half the enjoyment is realizing they 're there!Creativity and intriguing intellectual flair make this a winning combination full of WONDER -- watchable again and again because one sees and realizes more each time .
 I was shocked to find this DVD for only $ 14.99 -LRB- fourteen dollars and ninety-nine cents -RRB- at Target . This DVD is very , very nice , and if you like the Matrix and/or good anime , this is a must-have . There are plenty of good plot summaries out there , so read those if you want a synopsis of the DVD , but let me just say that I thought the `` First Rennaisance Part I and II '' were awesome and crucial to an understanding of The Matrix . I was glued to the screen . `` Program '' blew my mind , and is probably my favorite . `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' is beautiful and a little racy -- great , nonetheless -- and is mentioned in the Matrix
 This is a very tricky piece to review . I 'm actually torn between three and four stars but I put four simply because of the awesome animation.The first thing that came to my mind while I watched these short films was that I felt like I was at an independent film festival . This can be a good or bad thing depending on whether or not you 're open to independent type films which can be wierd yet amazing at the same time.However , overall , I can truthfully say I did enjoy this Dvd . It was kind of like being on a rollercoaster since the stories seemed to change so fast and were only about nine or ten minutes each . The only problem with this was the fact that each story seemed very rushed and by the time you felt the slightest bit of attatchment to the characters or plot -LRB- or even figured out finally what the plot was -RRB- it was over and you were on to next episode.There were actually only about two episodes I did not like and one I was very uncertain about . I was n't fond of Detective Story because it seemed to be building to something and when it got there , it just fell and then stopped . However , once again , the art was amazing ! I 've never seen anime in all gritty blacks , whites and grays before and it was really cool to look at.I also did n't like Matriculated mostly because aside from the interesting concept it presented of trying to sway a machine into joining the human side , it was a major let down at the end . In my opinion , stories that end in simply death are too lazy to think of a more creative way to save their characters . Its much easier to kill of people than to save them.World Record is one I 'm not certain about . I liked the idea and the anime was interesting but the way it was presented was somewhat strange . I really think they could have gone about it better . It 's showing someone surpassing their limits and therefore breaking out of the matrix by accident . Hovever , once again , we 're left with a ending that leaves you angry.The Final Flight of the Osiris was very entertaining and I loved the Computer Graphics . You feel a great deal for the two main characters and it acts as sort of a trailer to the Matrix Reloaded.Program was a wonderful short story with beautiful character designs and great fight scenes . It deals with the tempation of going back to the Matrix and returning to a life of ignorant bliss.Beyond was cool mostly for the animation and the way they represented the Matrix and how messed up things could be . The focal point is a house that appears to be a glitch or defective spot in the matrix world . A teenage girl and a few kids stumble upon it and find they can do amazing things there because they believe it 's `` haunted '' . Kid 's Story was probably one of my favorites . The story is thrilling and shows an escape from the matrix world . The art is very unique and has a squiggled , sketchy quality that gives the impression of motion , speed and anxiety . I found it very interesting.The Second Renaissance parts one and two are also my favorites . They tell the past and explain how the machines rose up against the humans in the first place . These are extremely interesting and thought provoking , dealing with many psychological issues as well.All in all , I did like this DVD and I 'm glad I purchased it . The episodes I liked far outweighed the ones I did n't and the entire package is a feast for the eyes .
 I was n't sure whether I wanted to spend my money on a copy of The Animatrix , so I read dozens of reviews and did some research , then decided to go with it . I 'm glad I did because I thoroughly enjoyed watching these 9 short films based on the world of The Matrix . Before this I disliked anime , but now I see that it can be used in beautiful ways - the films are very diverse testimonies to that . But , the only full CGI film is the one that looks the best . Anyway , I liked the stories , thought they looked beautiful , and sounded great . 4/5
 I found the 9 anime short stories to be very creative and well scripted . This is not the Matrix . These are stories in the periphery . You do get to see the final flight of the Osiris but you also get to see where the Matrix goes awry in Kid 's Story.I think they are actually a bit more human than the movie . They explain themes you do n't otherwise get . The animation and subject matter in the ` Second Renaissance ' is simply brilliant.If you like anime and you like the Matrix these are must sees .
 I was able to see several episodes of `` The Animatrix '' on-line . In a word
 I was anxiously awaiting seeing Dreamcatcher and catching Final Flight of the Osiris . After the huge disappointment that was Dreamcatcher , I only recall how excellent Final Flight was . I just loved how the CG flowed so well , especially in the opening fight sequence . However , this is n't what first hooked me . A while back , I downloaded Part 1 of The Second Renaissance , and that blew me away . Since then , I 've been eagerly watching the Website for new downloads . I will be one of the first in line to see Reloaded when it comes out , and I will be one of the first to buy this DVD when it hits the shelves . Who knows , I may even brave Dreamcatcher for Final Flight again .
 The moment we 've all been waiting for . Anime fans can rejoice , The ANIMATRIX is coming to DVD in June . I have read official sales info from other sites and according to those sources the product should have the following featuers :2.35:1 Anamorphic Widescreen PresentationDolby Digital 5.1 AudioA short running time of 90 minutes , but it will probably be worth every second.DVD-Rom ContentThat 's the official news buy this quickly !
 Wow . Oh , my God . Just ... wow . Find a way to watch this , even if it means taking on an Agent . This is no mere peripheral , this is nine animes showing us not only how DEEP the Rabbit Hole goes , but where it leads , who dug it , and why . And then some .
 The Animatrix is a collection of visually stunning works . If you 're a fan of The Matrix , then the animated shorts presented here are well worth the purchase . The shorts expand and further define the world of The Matrix , and each of the shorts is done in a different and unique style . Some of the shorts may appear to be odd or make little sense , but I have found that most of the people who have trouble grasping the concepts have difficulty with the concepts of The Matrix anyway .
 Though a few segments fell flat for me -LRB- `` Matriculated '' , `` World Record '' -RRB- , the others more than make up for it . Combining anime creators with the Wachowski 's post-apocalyptic vision was a stroke of pure genius . `` Second Renaissance '' plays as a prequel to the first film , sort of a pre-history of The Matrix . `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' and `` Kid 's Story '' serve as a go-between , bridging the first and second films . The others are kind of an anything goes approach , but attain a cohesiveness in style and theme . `` A Detective 's Story '' has a downright tangible future noir feel that I ca n't recall seeing since Blade Runner . The ghost story `` Beyond '' manages to be spooky , fun and beautiful all in the same frame . The extras on the DVD are great fun as well , extremely informative , and packed with clips of the anime those interviewed are referencing . The soundtrack CD -- available separately or in a two disc gift pack -- is the equal of the film , a great CD that 'll likely stay in your stereo for some time . Nicely done , and a must have for any Matrix or anime fan .
 State of the art anime with the best talents from this world , mixed with the extreme storyline of The Matrix , unleashes a cool to watch and very amazing collection of short stories.There 's no need to say the first animation , called The Final Flight Of The Osiris , is one of the best animations ever made . For the fans of the Matrix , The 2 episodes of The Second Renaissance reveals in depth plots and background about this visionary trilogy . And also the last episode A Kid 's Story , reveals the history behind a character which appears in the second movie The Matrix Reloaded . It is obvious who it is when you watch it . So , it is a must buy if you like animation , both japanese or aeon flux style . Specially if you have a good home theatre set at home , to experience the digital sound .
 One word
 Anime obviously had a lot of influence on the Matrix so this suits it perfactly . The storys catch you up with the happenings pre-Matrix Trilogy . For an example , the first short film is about the first machine who kills his master , the upriseing , and the humans reaction to this . Great stuff . BUY THIS . But just download it while you wait for the release .
 On the Matrix homepage , you can view two of the shorts that will be on the DVD -- The Second Renaissance part 1 , and Program . Two more , Detective Story and Second Renaissance part 2 , will be coming out in the next few months before the DVD 's release . Also , Last Flight of the Osiris is being shown right before Dreamcatcher in theatres now.This is an incredible collection of short anime/animated movies , authorised by the Wachowski Brothers , that fills out the universe of the Matrix . I highly recommend picking up this DVD when it 's released if you like either anime or the Matrix !
 A great counterpart to a great trilogy . -LRB- Let 's just hope there is no Episode 1 or 2 -RRB- Anime fans will love this as well , as you look deeper into the Matrix ; it 's minor facets and it 's pieces relevant to the jigsaw puzzle trilogy . Matrix and anime fans should check this out .
 I really liked the idea of the separate plot line that was created just for these shorts . I also think it important to see this to understand more about Matrix Reloaded -LRB- and also look at Enter the Matrix for more info on the Matrix world -RRB- .
 If u have seen Matrix Reloaded , i will tell u that it is true what they say . To get the whole story u must watch the animatrix , play enter the matrix , and see the Matrix Reloaded . After doing all three everything will come together . So do so ... . this movie is a must have along with enter the matrix game
 besides Flight of Osirius - my favoritethe 2nd renaisance films and the rest add to the matrix experiment.These are n't feel-good happy cartoons , but seriously deep , dramatic and even tragic films that will make you think.this collection is art
 This movie is great for people that like to have all of their questions answered about the Matrix . This is a masterpeice . 9 short films are all or pretty much all depressing , but if you think about it the Matrix itself is a depressing story . So there is a lack of happy endings in the 9 short films . But there is a story in particular that is called World Record , which is in fact the most emotional gripping story . I 'm not going to ruin the story for you , but if you get this DVD then you will check it out for yourself and probably even agree with me . I love this DVD , compiled of 9 short films .
 This DVD is incredible !! An absolute must for the Matrix fan , anime fan , or just plain fun fan !! Everyone who comes over gets a taste of Final Flight of the Osiris on the big screen , surround sound . Even people who have n't even seen the Matrix sat in awe as the episode 's roller coaster ride swept them away . Along with the extras and other awesome episodes , this is one of the great DVDs in my collection !
 All three of the live-action `` Matrix '' films were at least good , but the best thing to ever come out of the Matrix concept is `` The Animatrix '' , a collaborative effort by some of the best animation talents from America , Japan , and South Korea that presents a number of shorts taking place in the Matrix universe , some of them before the live-action movies and others concurrent with them , including some that fill in spaces between `` The Matrix '' and `` The Matrix Reloaded '' . This is an anime regardless of what part of the world it has its genesis in , and it 's one of the greatest animes of all time . The individual tales are done in a widely contrasting array of animated styles , and represent a high point for science fiction as a whole . Taken in its entirety , `` The Animatrix '' is philosophical , awesome , sexy , thrilling , moving and frightening . `` The Second Renaissance '' , Parts I & II , are especially noteworthy because they 're the kind of story and the kind of angle that science fiction has needed to address for a long time . These segments tell the full origin of the world of the Matrix , from a point in the near future right through the final war , largely from the machines 's point of view . If you 've ever wondered why so many big SF action movies present a world in which mankind has created sentient machines , know they 're sentient , continues to treat them like slaves , and yet we 're Still supposed to view the machines as the bad guys when they strike back , then you 're going to love the ` Second Renaissance ' segments . Humanity 's behavior in the early portions of the man-machine difficulties is terrifyingly believable.Inside the Matrix System , `` Beyond '' is a huge standout , a gorgeously animated tale that moves from classic anime territory -LRB- a girl searching for a cat in a haunted house -RRB- into dark Matrix territory , and in the devastated Earth outside the Matrix , the stunning ` Matriculated ' is a powerful and amazingly imaginative new look at the world , the minds of the machine scouts , and the whole nature of perception , to name just a few of the angles in this one segment.All of the stories feature excellent animation , some of them including some of the best astonishing visual images ever seen on film . To science fiction , `` The Animatrix '' is as essential as the likes of `` Star Wars '' or `` Solaris '' , and to anime it 's as essential as such greats as `` Spirited Away '' -LRB- although `` Animatrix '' is n't for young children -RRB- or `` Princess Mononoke '' .
 This little gem is a must for any Matrix fan . It gives you a little bit more depth about the Matrix , but also has amazingly detailed animation . It 's fun to watch , and with the option to watch every episode or each individually you can rest assured you 'll only see the ones you want to again and again.It 's also fun to see aspects of the Matrix outside of the usual cast . As well ever wonder who that kid is in Matrix Reloaded that pesters Neo ? It 's explained in the Animatrix ` The Kid ' . It 's worth a purchase , put it right next to your other Matrix collection and enjoy the expansion on the story . As well enjoy it for its amazing animation , direction , and story telling.-Dan
 A majority of people thinks Reloaded and Revolutions ' story is weak . This is simply because a lot of plots are not there , but here , in Animatrix and in Enter the Matrix . There are several links from here to the movies . I wish there is a trivia for this , I can think of a bit more than a dozen.Final Flight of the Osiris brings about the first level of Enter the Matrix . It is the crew of the Osiris who sacrifice their lives to inform Zion about the machines ' movement . This one links to Reloaded and Enter the Matrix . The CG of this episode is welly done , the coloring and character modelling are almost at the same level as Final Fantasy - the Spirit WIthin.Kid 's Story - This one is about the so-called self-substantiation -LRB- also refered in World Record -RRB- of Mr. Popper , who is afterwards refered as the kid in the movies . His role in the movie is a disciple and true believer of Neo , the One , the Savior , the Massiah , Jesus . He is often misunderstood as an extra jarjarbink-like character in the movie , but he is definitely not . In the movies , he made references to both his own words here in this episode and another one from another episode -LRB- Beyond -RRB- . The drawing here is also significant . It uses a draft-like style , used to represent dreams in many anime in the 60 's and 70 's . Also , during the chase , characters are twisted , torn , rendered into random forms to represent chaos , irrational , unreal , imaginary , etc.Detective 's Story - This probably happens before the Neb crew found Neo . This episode used a grey-scale coloring , featuring a mixture of old and new technologies . Reminding the audience that this is the Matrix . This also reveals the desire of human-being to know the truth -LRB- Beyond also talks about this -RRB- World Record - Spoke about self-substantiation , the time-line basically happens in a few seconds , but showing the Dan 's memory . This episode shows us that those who realize the Matrix , their will and desire to be freed . Like the Kid 's Story , it twisted the character into a random shape to express the idea of chaos.The Second Renaissance -LRB- Parts 1 and 2 -RRB- - These two episodes refer to the birth of the matrix , also refered as the Genesis of Matrix . It reveals many arguments exists nowadays about the development of true AI . This issue is pretty controversial , but the brothers obviously think that AI robots also deserves respect . This episode is a turn point of good and evil in the whole Matrix idea
 The idea of the Matrix is so full of potential and could be taken in so many , many directions . The movies decided to go in the direction of pretension but the Animatrix goes EVERYWHERE the movies do n't . It is so far superior and well worth the time . It 's a shame that most audiences do n't consider Anime or any form of animation to be ` real ' or something that they should take seriously -LRB- sadly even Matrix fans feel this way and wo n't watch it simply because it 's animation -RRB- because they 're missing out on something very special here.It 's not original to review this DVD by going thru all the shorts so I 'll just stick to what I like best -LRB- which is most of it -RRB- . First of all , ` The Second Renaissance Parts 1 and 2 ' is absolutely VITAL as backstory to the first Matrix film . And it 's a zillion times more interesting than the sequels in terms of drama , irony and subtext . ` The Final Flight of the Osiris ' takes place before Reloaded and leads us into story of the machines beginning to drill down to Zion . And it 's very cool . ` Detective ' is a story of a private eye trying to find Trinity and discover what exactly the Matrix is . But Agent Smith comes after him to put a stop to that . It 's in black and white and has a wonderful atmosphere of 1950 's dime novel pulp fiction . ` Matriculated ' is the story of a captured machine who is taught/hypnotized into feeling what it 's like to be human . It 's a very clever story that manages to provoke feeling for the characters -LRB- and even the captured machine -RRB- , something the movies never did . ` Kid ' is about the kid from Revolutions who takes over the Mech at the end and manages to open the doors to Zion . Apparently , before being freed , he was a schoolkid who met Neo online and wanted to ` wake up ' . But the best one is ` Beyond ' . A magical tale with an atmosphere so solid that it 's almost tangible . It 's about a girl who goes looking for her cat in an old abandoned factory with some other kids . But in this factory the Matrix is having problems and ` reality ' for the characters does n't quite work properly . It 's a very interesting tale that really makes you think.There are numerous extras on this DVD , all of them more interesting that the other Matrix DVDs . All 9 of the shorts are presented in 2.35:1 anamorphic widescreen with Dolby 5.1 sound . It 's truly for all fans and non-fans of the Matrix universe .
 the importance of good story lines.The CG animation , with diverse style , is excellent . However , if you are not one of those true matrix or sci fi fans , you may not be able to appreciate the whole DVD in 100 % . My wife kept on asking me why this why that and I could not satisfy her in her understandable language , though she likes the movie still -LRB- even without Keanu -RRB- . The stories , which distinguished this DVD from tons of other CG OVA in rental shops , are short but great . It should be viewed as a supplement to the Matrix trilogy , I believe , though I dont know what Reloaded and Revolution are all about yet .
 This collection of nine animated films -LRB- actually eight , one arbitrarily divided into two parts -RRB- inspired by THE MATRIX -LRB- 1999 -RRB- explores aspects of Matrix-mythology glossed over in the feature films . The First , `` Final Flight of the Osiris , '' played briefly in theaters shortly before THE MATRIX RELOADED -LRB- 2003 -RRB- opened . Animated in the photo-realistic style of 2001 's FINAL FANTASY
 There 's only one reason that this does n't get 5/5 and that 's because of Program and World Record . Other than those two , this is perfect . It 's unforgetable.Final Flight of the Osiris 4/5This is the bridge between The Matrix and The Matrix Reloaded . The Osiris descovers the machines drilling to Zion , and all hell breaks loose . The animation is top notch , and the voice acting is good too . This is animated by those who did Final Fantasy
 This is a great DVD for Matrix fans and non-fans . I found the rennaisance stories worth the entire DVD . Final flight of the Osiris took my breath away . Kid 's Story , if no one has noticed , is the story of the kid that appears giving ammo to the robots defending the deck in `` Revolutions '' . Finally , Beyond is THE story that 'll change your mind if you , like me , are a programmer . Is this how bugs look like inside a program ? How many times have you tested modules and then left them in the hard disk ? When a system accesses a defective set of subroutines , do they look like this ? When your OS repairs a defective function , do the deletion leaves other programs without a place to find solace , amusing ? If you want your brain scrambled like the eggs in your breakfast , buy this one !!
 Any fan of the Matrix would love this collection of short movies , that is , if they would bring themselves to watch it . I have asked so many people at school if they have watched it and they have n't ! It explains so much about what 's going on in the main three movies . I have this feeling that those who thought the Matrix series was `` too confusing '' did n't watch this . Okay . If you do n't believe me , here 's the breakdown : Final Flight of the Osiris
 For those who enjoyed the Matrix trilogy and want still more , you are in luck . The Animatrix is a series of animated short films that all take place in the Matrix universe and are reasonably faithful to the movies . In total , there are nine films by eight different animators -LRB- one does a two-part story -RRB- ; each one is done in an anime style , so this is not your standard Disney stuff.As this is a mixed bag of animators , there is a mixed quality to the stories , although they are overall pretty good . Probably the shiniest gem in the whole bunch is the two-part story -LRB- The Second Renaissance -RRB- that gives a history of the man-machine confict and shows that fault can be definitely attributed to both sides . Unlike the Terminator films , which depict the computers as completely evil , the ones portrayed here are not nearly as malevolent.The other stories are pretty intriguing too for the most part . Some just look pretty without really being decent tales . Some of the more interesting include a tale involving a group of people trying to reform the machines and the off-beat way their plan backfires -LRB- Matriculated -RRB- , a film noir detective story -LRB- Detective Story -RRB- and a look at a building where `` errors '' are occurring , and the strange physics that people encounter there -LRB- Beyond -RRB- . Less satisfying are a couple stories about a teenager and an athlete -LRB- Kid 's Story and World Record , respectively -RRB- who start noticing the line between Matrix and reality ; these fit into the look-pretty-but-little-else category.If you are not a fan of the Matrix or are unfamiliar with the movies , this would not be a good viewing choice ; there is an assumption that the viewer is knowledgeable of the films . If you are a Matrix fan , this is a nice supplemental feature that should n't disappoint .
 I was blown away by this one . I passed over it many a time in the video store . It was fantastic . It does reveal some depth and insight to The Matrix story but this one almost stands alone . The interviews uncover just how the directors of The Matrix have been influenced by Japanese anime . The brief history of anime and its intertwining with Japanese culture is quite an interesting sidebar . It ai n't just for kids anymore.It 's got a bumping soundtrack and it is visually stylish . Some of the stories are more relevant than others to the original film but overall the animation , the music and the flow are fantastic.As for its connection to The Matrix , several of the clips are definitely attached to adding some details to lingering questions from The Matrix . I suppose I was tremendously excited when some of my questions were answered by one of the cartoons included here . Some of the other stories have a thread that connects them to the movie but most of them are really a world unto themselves.If you liked the original film , you 'll definitely want to check this one out . If you love animation , you 'll also want to check this one out . There 's a historical thread to it that may come as a surprise . As a kid I used to watch Speed Racer and G-Force . Anime has come a long , long way .
 Though not a fan of anime , I felt this DVD contained some amazing quality and well written shorts relating to the Matrix movies . I enjoyed all of them , though a few stood out from the rest . I highly recommend this to anyone who is interested in the Matrix , technology , or computer animation in general.The only reason I did n't give this 5 stars is the shortness of the DVD . I felt it could 've used more content to watch .
 This is one DVD you ca n't miss if you liked the movies . Do n't expet movie quality in this . THAT 'S NOT WHAT IT IS ! I ca n't belive you people , You critisize this for being ugly or having no plot . DUH ! It 's not suppost to have plot . What it is are the Ideas the Wachowski brothers had that did n't fit into the movies in any way . They wanted to publish the cool ideas simply because they are cool ! Allright , here 's the episode by episode break down : Final Flight of the Osiris - This is photo realisticly computer animated . It is basicly a prequal to the game `` Enter the Matrix '' . At the end of FFOTO , a crew member drops of a message in a mailbox in the matrix , and the game starts with retriving that message from the post office , and after that first part , `` Enter the Matrix '' parallels the Movie , `` Matrix Reloaded '' . The Second Renaissance - Done in realistic drawn animation , this explanes the history of the world before the matrix up to the creation of the Matrix.Kid 's Story - Done in `` paint-style '' animation . Kid is that anoying kid from that begining of Matrix Reloaded , who keeps thanking neo for saving him . Well this shows what happens and how Kid escapes from the matrix.WARNING - PAST THIS POINT THE SHORTS HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH THE MOVIES!Program - Done in Japanise style animation , this is a fight between to people in a medival training program , in which one of the W. . . brother 's ideas comes out . I 'll give you a clue -LRB- Syfer Training -RRB- . World Record - Done in a plain funky animation style that makes agents look like elvis ... Basicly a track runner runs so hard his legs explode , but he keeps running anyway through sear will , and wakes up from the matrix for a moment ... Beyond - Done in the same style as Second Renaissance , this is a nicely done piece about just your average matrix inhabitants who find an old building that the local kids call a `` Haunted House '' . When really it 's just a glitchy place in the Matrix . Very Iteresting.A Detective Story - Done in Black and White animation , this is a short story about a detective -LRB- among others -RRB- that was hired by an agent to find a mysterous Hacker by the name of Trinity ... Matriculated - Done in the same style as TSR , this is the most disturbing piece , about turning the machines in a virtual world to get them to swich sides willingly . `` To a machine , all reality is vurtual '' ... well that dos n't apply to humans , as when the machine trys to help this person , it plugs them back into the dream-world , but to catisrophic effect ... Do n't forget that there 's also a bunch of speacial features incuding a trailer for `` Enter the Matrix '' .
 While you may not enjoy each and every story personally , they all offer something of the Matrix universe , and give a better understanding of things you already know about , or introduce you to things you 've never considered .
 This is such a work of art . This one deserves space in your permanent DVD library . Has information that is very relevant to the movie yet was not revealed in the movie . Sooo good .
 This movie is created by anime masterminds from Japan . IF you are a long time anime fan then you should be familiar with such crisp visuals and outstanding artwork . For general viewers this piece will be a great piece to allow you a taste of true animation . Some episodes in here are packed with symbols and involve deep thinking to comprehend but its very pleasing . It 's all eye candy and you wo n't be disappointed .
 This sweet prize for us real anime fans -LRB- before it was all `` mainstream '' -RRB- is exactly how I billed it , a sweet prize.And now ladies and gentleman an average episode by episode review!Final Flight of the OsirisAn interesting short ; however it only really needed one go . The story that it provided was , indeed , important to the continuity of the Matrix storyline . Yet , it was mostly just showing off the new rendering software . I believe that is enough on that.The Second Renaissance Part I & IIThese deserve more than their first impression . The information that needs to be conveyed within these shorts its not of the most pleasant nature . While utterly gruesome at moments , it does all have meaning . Watch them through a second time and you 'll know what I mean.Kid 's StoryAh , the first short by the director of Bebop . A flowing tale with an equally flowing animation style . Probably my favorite of the shorts . A long drawn out story with an amazing conclusion . Although the few people that may be able to relate to this story will possess a deeper understanding . Not to be missed.ProgramA short , classic clip . Poses ideas upon ideas upon ideas while keeping the visuals very cool . At the minimum you have to admit that the girls hair is awesome . Not to be missed.World RecordWhile some may say the visuals are un-pleasing , I agree with the old saying `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' . Seeing as this is a nine minute clip , hand drawn , with 24 frames per/second , I 'd say it 's worth about twelve million nine hundred and sixty thousand words . That 's quite a few . Again , not to be missed -LRB- under any circumstances -RRB- . BeyondOne of the most amazing . Poses a glitch in the system that a girl stumbles into . Not to miss.A Detective StoryVery classy . I 've never actually seen artistically B&W anime before but it is a very nice touch . I 'll just call this the Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass short . It is more the latter though.MatriculatedPeter Chung . What more needs to be said . Well other than a review of course . Taking on the feeling of Aeon Flux Matriculated asks a simple question
 When I watched the Matrix for the first time I thought that it was a good entertaining movie but nothing more . When I watched the Matrix Reloaded I thought that this was an intelligently written well done film . When I watched the Animatrix I thought this is pure sci-fi . The Animatrix in my mind grounds the Matirx films as some of the most intelligent and well made sci-fi that has come out in a long time . Up on the level of film works like Blade Runner , 2001 & Akira . Intentional or not , it also pays homage to great sci-fi books like William Gibsons Neuromancer and Frank Herberts Dune.For a long time Japanese animation has picked up the slack of good sci-fi storytelling and concepts that most American sci-fi films have neglected . Look at Ghost in the Shell . The fact that the Matrix films are encompassing the deeper aspects of what makes good science fiction into something that the largely gullable American public can digest is wonderful . Like great science fiction , I will return to this stuff again and again to be taken in awe at the creative and intellectual forces that made this.I ca n't wait for the third film .
 For those of you who have never been into Anime -LRB- like me -RRB- , The Animatrix should be the first you buy . Not only does it include 9 incredible works of art , but also a bonus feature which explains the history of Anime and it 's role on society . This made me view Anime in a different light and has permanently made me a new fan .
 After seeing the animatrix at the cinema I was impressed by the overall visual quality and integration of CG . WHy are the other reviews in here filled with innacurate descriptions of what it some of them are about or who the directors are?They were very good overall with standouts for me being those directed by SHinichiro Watanabe - Beyond and detective story.I found the 2 parts of renaissance to be weak and didnt like having the borrowed imagery from WWII and ideas from Asimov all congealed in an un-appealing mess and shoved down my throat . I expected better considering it was written by the wachowskis . It really but me in mind of metropolis but done in a half arse kind of way . WHile visually to metropolis it is still very pretty
 Over all great movie -LRB- s -RRB- , however , in my opinion the live action movies are better .
 This is must had for die hard matrix fan , eventhought some of movie has little related to the film , however is overall is good unique experience .
 Even if you 're not a Matrix fan -LRB- and who is n't -RRB- this is an excellent DVD . It contains eight -LRB- nine shorts , two are part I & II -RRB- stories that explain different aspects of The Matrix universe.Attention to detail is what all serious animation should be , and this DVD takes it past all limits . Each short story is produced using different styles of animation and all are superb -LRB- When I first saw `` The Final Flight of the Osiris '' I thought the characters were real people . Incredible detail , down to the light shining through the thin fabric banners hanging throughout the training hall -RRB- . I would highly -LRB- no , enthusiastically -RRB- recommend this movie to all .
 Reminds me a lot of the old movie ` Heavy Metal . ' This is a great compliation of stories involving characters that appear in the two films and a ton of backstory of how the matrix came to be.I hope that this is the first in a series of ` Animatrix ' movies . I 'd love to see more just like it.I 'd be remiss if I did n't drop a quick warning as well , this movie earns its ` R ' rating and is definitly not intended for younger veiwers , extremely graphic at points .
 I really enjoyed this dvd , each little short was enjoyable by itself , Where it fails a bit is when some of the pieces try to fit together . They story gets somewhat convoluted , and is hard to follow , still quite enjoyable . Worthy of adding to anyone 's collection who likes this kind of DVD .
 This is some of the most amazing Anime out there right now . The first episode , which is all CGI is unreal and the roster of artists is just incredible . This is a must have for all Matrix fans as well as all Anime fans . Do n't sleep on this , go get a copy !
 In a word
 The Animatrix is a great dvd that delves further into the rabitt hole . The anime shorts are excellent and range around fifteen minutes on avarge theres an hour and twenty nine minuetes of great anime , and an hour and twenty eight minutes of extras -LRB- which arent junk extras like as in many dvds -RRB- . Each anime short is unique in its own way whether its the writing or animation style . The Anime shorts are : Final flight of the Osiris-A cool cg anime with a -LSB- bucket -RSB- load of action . The crew of the Osiris must warn Zion of the onslaught of advancing Sentinels before it 's to late . This movie sets you up for the Matrix Reloaded.The second renaissance part 1-This anime has to do with the beginning of events that would later begin the war between the humans and the machines.The second renaissance part 2-This anime is about the war between the humans and machines and the creation of the matrix.Kid 's story-Is the story about a teen hacker who by jumping off a building while escaping agents is able to wake him self up and unplug himself from the matrix . He does this because he does not believe what is happening to him is real . -LRB- this is about that annoying kid in the matrix reloaded who keeps bothering Neo -RRB- . Program-Is about a a female practicing her fighting skills in a medieval Japan setting . When she encounters a fellow rebel something goes horrible wrong . This anime is great and has an even better ending.World Record-A runner with super fast speed is able to break the rules of the matrix and wake himself . Agents do n't like this and silence him by putting him back to sleep rendering him comatosee . But the runner refuses to believe that he cant run and wont be stopped.Beyond-A women is invited to a haunted house by a group of kids who know its secret . The house is really a glitch in the matrix . There 's a part of a highway street in the garden , rain in one part of the house and a hallway which becomes an alley . The women and kids are able to break the rules of the matrix . Agents find out and come to destroy the house and fix the problem.A Detective story-A detective is hired by the agents to track down trinity.Matriculated-A group of rebels kidnap a sentinel like robot and plug it into a simulation where it is given a choice to get help form a human to save it 's life . The rebels are trying to give robots the `` choice '' to become good once more . -LRB- this one is very weird and out there I hate this one but at the same time like it -RRB- .
 `` The Animatrix '' is a diverse collection of animated shorts based in and around the Wachowski brothers ' `` Matrix '' universe . The quality of the segments varies as much as the styles , however.First of all , the segment `` Beyond '' is , for me , worth the purchase price on its own . I will be watching this one again and again , in both languages . It is beautiful , poetic , mysterious and non-violent -LRB- not that I have a problem with violence -RRB- . Consequently , it -LRB- along with `` World Record '' -RRB- is also probably the furthest removed from the `` Matrix '' motion pictures . I can not praise this segment enough . `` Kid 's Story '' and `` A Detective Story '' are also quite worthwhile . Each exhibit unique artwork -- from the hand-drawn , sketchy , explosive look of `` Kid 's '' -LRB- a little reminiscent of Bill Plympton , though much less bizarre and cartoony -RRB- to the black & white , noir visuals of `` Detective . '' Both are fairly interesting stories with artwork appropriate to each.Unlike many reviewers here , I enjoyed `` Program . '' While the story is not at all complex , I like the artwork quite a bit.The rest
 Animatrix is a welcome twist in the Matrix universe . Those of us who are the true fans of Matrix world will find this series of episodes to be a creative elaboration on the concept of the Matrix . It could also be a device used by Warchovski 's to keep our hunger to see Matrix Revolutions at bay.While some episodes are free standing , Kid 's Story and Final Flight of Osiris are intimately linked to the events of the Matrix
 I really like this set of films . The website really provided a good idea of what kind of things to respect . The first three films were written by the Wachowski Brothers and deal with the films directly like what happened to the Osiris and why that boy always follows Neo around . The rest of the films range from wonderful -LRB- Detective Story -RRB- to down right freaky -LRB- matriculated -RRB- , but absolutely great . I would highly recommend this for any anime fan and fan of the Matrix . And , if you did n't like Reloaded , do n't worry , this is much cooler !
 The animatrix is a collection of short stories that deal with the martix . Very simple explanation , but there is a lot of content that deals with the movies . I read about a hundred reviews befor i droped -LSB- $ $ -RSB- on some anime movies . After i got it i saw it was woth the money . There are almost as many exras as there were actual anime . You can do what you want but i really enjoyed the animatrix .
 Abslutely amazing . I think it is even better then Reloaded . All of the stories are deep and intresting , and the animation is top notch . For all those matrix fans out there , if you want to know a lot of background , this is a great source.The stories do n't follow the storyline of the matrix movies , but are side stories in the same universe and a couple stories about the origins of the matrix .
 A near excellent compilation of nine animated shorts taking place in The Matrix universe , The Animatrix is definitely worth owning if your a fan of Warner Bros. cash cow series . Starting off with Final Flight of the Osiris -LRB- which also saw time in theaters debuting before the film adaptation of Stephen King 's Dreamcatcher -RRB- , an excellently computer animated -LRB- by the folks from Square Pictures who did Final Fantasy
 This is without a doubt one of the most strange films I have ever seen . The Animatrix basically gives you nine short films explaining the Matrix universe better than the films could -LRB- Seriously , the movies are very confusing ! -RRB- . This is a great package of movies the are gorgeously detailed in their animation -LRB- Especially Final Flight of the Osiris -RRB- , well-written -LRB- except Matriculated and World Record -RRB- , and just flatout awesome . The best films in this awesome package are Final Flight of the Osiris and The Second Renaissance Parts I & II , while the worst in this golden package are Matriculated and World Record which damage the quality of this great package . If you love science-fiction you 'll love the Animatrix .
 I predict that digital computing will be fading away in probably about 15 years or so ; Quantum computing will be the future and because of the theoretical capabilities of Q.C. of mimicking the human brain -LRB- which it works based on Quantum Mechanics -RRB- this movie , by then , might not look like fiction anymore .
 A great video , again purchased for my son , who really enjoyed it . Amazon got it to him before his birthday which was an added bonus . It 's a great vidwo for many ages .
 I might not like all of the animation from every story , but every story is truly amazing . It gives the back story to the movies and proves that we are to blame for everything . I 'd say that most stories will have you glued to the screen , and even in tears . The final story is about humans capturing a robot and playing with it to make it friendly , and at the end , it tries to save one of the women 's life . It is a sad story , overall , this is a thing that is worth getting if you are a fan .
 A series of nine short stories expounding upon the plot behind the Matrix series of movies . Recommended ; far better than average for the adult cartoon genre and for the science fiction genre.The only downside I find is a grave logical problem with the plot , which is not uncommon for science fiction . Apparently , most writers branching out into the hypothetical are long on imagination , but short when it comes to Reason . In order to describe this problem I must warn readers the following constitutes a -LSB- SPOILER -RSB- , divulging elements of the plot . -LSB- SPOILER -RSB- . The plot says mankind 's enemies , the intelligent machines , have been denied the rays of the Sun due to mankind 's creation of thick clouds over the planet . This is not bad . A similar scenario was once proposed by Carl Sagan in his book `` Nuclear Winter , '' which warned of a mass dying out of species in the event of widespread nuclear war.The problem is the movie goes on to have the machines enslave men and harvest human brain waves as an energy source . First of all , is it not immediately obvious that animals are net energy * consumers * . Energy * producers * are plants which derive energy from the Sun via photosynthesis -LRB- but remember , the sun 's rays are no longer available as an energy source -RRB- . I think we learned this a long time before taking Biology 101 , hopefully around the third grade , though with today 's deplorable educational standards , who knows . It is not the kind of concept a child would have any difficulty wrapping his mind around.In order to feed and nourish the humans , energy is required , and we would produce far less than we consumed . Thus , the plot is poppycock , a mere excuse for an indulgence in a paranoid conspiracy theory . That said , there 's nothing wrong with a good , paranoid conspiracy theory ; this movie proves they can be fun.I also wondered why the machines did n't use the same nuclear reactions employed to exterminate mankind to produce their required energy . Too many obvious flaws in the plot for this to really be a serious candidate for a five star rating . But it is a good romp and worth a viewing .
 this movie was so great . especially the second renaissance 1 + 2 . I do n't generally love anime or cartoons , but WOW everybody should own this and throw out their copys of the Matrix 1 , 2 and 3 .
 The Animatrix is most succinctly described as being seven parts sublime and two parts above average . More often than not , the various shorts of this feature rise to the occasion in splendid fashion , with only a few tarnished spots that very slightly dampen the overall shine of this production.To begin with , the animation in The Animatrix is brilliant . To those looking for eye-candy please look no further . Nearly every short features some of the most astounding visuals that have ever been seen by any fan of the animated medium . What 's more is that there also exists an astounding degree of stylistic variety from feature to feature . The moving artwork here exists as sort of an animated smorgasbord , from which even the most discerning otaku will find something to his/her delight . The action from both `` Beyond '' and `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' would please the most hardened action fan , and the formalistic elements used in the animation of `` World Record '' are inspired . I for one will certainly carry some of the haunting imagery of The Second Renaissance within my psyche for a good time to come . The only exception to the mostly excellent visuals , in my humble view , was the animation in `` Kid 's Story '' , which just felt a bit sloppy when matched against its stately brethren . However , overall I can not say enough great things about the general animation quality of The Animatrix.One might be inclined to think that , since the average running time for each of these short films is only a mere 9 minutes or so , that character and plot development would naturally suffer . Often enough one would probably be correct , but certainly not in this case . In reality the most powerful surprise of The Animatrix is just how much it manages to cram into so little a package . The scope of each piece is usually limited enough -LRB- unlike its mother feature , namely the theatrical Matrix film -RRB- that a full and satisfying story can be found in an impossibly short span of time . In addition , since the continuity in which these films play has already been established , they are mostly free to explore the niche-like peculiarities of the matrix universe . In fact , the only two shorts that were lackluster in plot development were `` Program '' and `` Matriculated '' . The plot of the former served mostly as an excuse for an admittedly entertaining adrenaline-laden fight scene , while `` Matriculated '' , though conceptually interesting , was poorly executed . It left me wondering whether or not the feature really had any meaning at all or if I happened to eat some bad mushrooms prior to my viewing . Despite these missteps , though , the plot movement was unexpectedly strong.The characters of each short are also by-and-far ingeniously planned . Every action taken and every word spoken lends itself to the understanding of the motivations of the players within each story arc . The characters of each minor anime flick are additionally quite easy to sympathize with , despite the brevity of their screen time . Indeed , I was very intrigued by the purpose and demeanor of the leads in `` World Record '' and `` A Detective Story '' , as well as being touched by the final tenderness between lovers in the `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' . Again , considering the length of the various individual features , the characterization can not usually be described as anything but exemplary.Very few viewers would not be impressed by The Animatrix . It seamlessly blends an assortment of unique and dynamic perspectives into an anthology that is so close to flawless that I was left in near-awe . Virtually every component of this viewing experience lends itself considerably to building an atmosphere of electrifying excitement and profound intrigue . It belongs in an elite category of animated features that deserves to be viewed by all willing anime fans . Aside from very minor mishaps , The Animatrix is plainly worthy , ` nuff said.If you really do n't like sci-fi or the Matrix films I would drop a star from what I have rated . But really I think if you hated the film due to confusement ; this will explain a bit more .
 Finally the ground breaking movie Heavy Metal has a sequel worthy of it .
 The Animatrix is a set of nine short animations , all very different in look and in story , loosely set in the world of The Matrix.There 's a lot to like in this set . The opening piece , ` The Final Flight of the Osiris , ' is the best super-realistic animation I 've seen to date . Later , ` World Record ' uses its hard-edged graphic style almost in praise of its central figure , an athlete . Realism could never convey the human physical power shown here . The final piece , ` Matriculated , ' uses a more fantastic style , creating almost a sense of a war between gods.Each piece ends on an ambiguous note ; there 's always more story to come . I will be interested to see more , if it holds to the standard set by the best of these pieces . There is a real danger of downward sequel creep , though . Even within this collection , some pieces lacked the energy of others.This is an enjoyable and varied set of animations . They are loosely federated under the Matrix banner , but you do n't need to have seen -LRB- or even have enjoyed -RRB- The Matrix to like these .
 This was a great concept film by the Wachowski Brothers . Textures and stories which bring you back into the world of The Matrix . However , like other reviewers , I feel that this movie and the first Matrix are far superior to the sequels , which glossed over major charater development could have been far more than what the finished product turned out to be . Sequel bashing complete . There is a lot of depth & backgrounds that can be taken from this compilation of anime which should not be missed by any true fan of the series . Enter the Matrix again and enjoy ...
 This is the kind of thing I crave . Whenever I consume a good movie , book , or CD ; I always want more . Although not religious about THE MATRIX series , I did enjoy the first film -LRB- great DVD ! -RRB- and have yet to see RELOADED . Having something as cool as THE ANIMATRIX come out directly on DVD was a stroke of genius . The nine animated shorts on this disc are all exceptional , some more than others of course . A visual cornicopia of different animated styles , the feature is not only for MATRIX fans but for sci-fi and art fans as well . You need not be labled a geek for procuring this item for it stands on its own as a cool little collage of smart ideas based on the MATRIX mythos . I sometimes find myself looking for a DVD that I can pop in and enjoy some cool visuals and soundscapes for fifteen minutes , this is that DVD . Worth it .
 I myself hate almost all anime i see , with 2 exeptions , cowboy beebop , and this . this is an incredible 90 minute thrillride . alot of it doesnt make sence but 5 bucks says it will in november . the second renissance parts I and II are so cool . its the world before the machines rose and how they took over . if you like the matrix buy this . if you thought it was okay . rent it .
 Wow . That 's all I could say throughout the time I watched this DVD . If you 're into the Matrix and seek a significantly clearer understanding of the concept , buy this DVD and watch it . If you just want awesome anime action , buy this DVD . If you are looking for something new , buy this DVD . It will keep your attention for all 90 minutes . Watch it , and be enlightened .
 One or more of these shorts will be nominated for an the oscar for best animated short next year , and one of them will win . I went to see Dreamcatcher -LRB- yeah right -RRB- and saw the gem that is `` The Final Flight of the Osiris '' aka TFFOTO . I 'm a sucker for CGI , I 've been enamored since `` The Last Starfighter '' , and have enjoyed watching the technological advances in this field , from `` The Abyss '' to `` Terminator 2 '' to `` Jurassic Park '' finally to things like `` Toy Story '' and `` FF
 The Animatrix is an interesting work.It features nine anime shorts that are wonderfully animated . The shorts are as follows : Final Flight of the Osiris : As mentioned in Reloaded , this is about the ship The Osiris and its crew who find out the sentinels , the squid-looking machines , are digging towards Zion and now the crew must try to reach Zion before the machines do in this wonderful CG animated short from the makers of Final Fantasy.The second best of the set.The Second Renaissance parts I and II : This story , separated into two parts , is the story of how the war started beween the humans and the machines.This movie explains how the humans blackened the sky , how the machines rose to power , why all the cities were destroyed , etc.But be warned , this is a very graphic and distrubing work , so I would n't recomened this for the very young.Still , in my opinion , this is the best of the set because it explains how everything started.Kid 's Story : Remember the Kid who from Reloaded and Revolutions who said Neo saved him ? Well , this is his story.It explains how he met Neo and how he escaped the Matrix and got into the real world.Due to the fact it has a image of an imparent teen suicide , this is also not a good one for the very young.However , if you liked the kid for the matrix sequals -LRB- you learn his actual name in this -RRB- , then this is a good one to check out.Program : This is a short about a woman who is training in the Matrix when a fellow member of her crew tells her he wants to go back to the Matrix and wants her to come with him.She responds with no and a violent fight ensures.This one has some good action and a good story.Definently one of the best !!! World Record : Certainly the worst of the shorts , this is about a man deternined to break a world record in track and ends up escaping the Matrix for a couple of seconds.Very confusing and somewhat dumb , it is good to watch once , then never watch it again.Beyond : This is about a girl who loses her cat and ends up at a house that kids play at.The house has a glitch in it , allowing the kids to defy gravity.But soon , the agents find out.Overall , a good but disappointing short which is kinda enjoyable.A Detective Story : A detective , who wants to leave the profession , gets a call from a mysterious person to find and capture Trinity.He gets on a train and meets her , which leads to a encounter with agents.Better than Beyond and World Record , Detective Story is a well done short that will please fans.Matriculated : The last of the shorts , this is about a crew which capture one of the machines and take it inside the Matrix.This one does n't make much sense , but has some good animation and action scenes.Still , I think this one will take multiple viewings to really understand it.I hope my review was helpful.This is worth checking out , especially Final Flight and The Second Renaissance.But or rent today .
 I was pleased to find this work fit well with the Matrix Trilogy . It gave structure and definition to some of the loose ends in the storyline.I am happy to add this to my collection .
 The product -LRB- Blu Ray -RRB- arrived quicker than I expected , and I was at home watching a favorite movie of mine that I could n't find elsewhere !
 I am surprised that people are impressed by such mediocre film like `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' and found `` Matriculated '' too abstract or boring . That 's the problem man , people are just too shallow . `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' is basically just Hollywood-esque plot garnered with Final Fantasy technology . Very superficial , very crappy story . Perhaps the reason why people love it so much is ` cos it almost feels like watching a Hollywood productions with the standard hero/heroine love affair nonsense.Well , on the other hand , `` Matriculated '' in my opinion , while not graphically superior to the aforementioned film , certainly stands out for its extremely thought provoking story line . I can not see why people can not make out its meaning . I 'll probably shed some light on it . Human beings in this film tried to convert the robot to their side , and actually succeeded in doing so . But it is not out of empathy , but rather selfishness . Human beings simply can not accept a robot as his own kind . When the robot -LRB- after being infused with human emotions -RRB- tried to complete the union of the souls -LRB- a healing process for the dying human girl -RRB- in the dream sequence , the human girl rather screamed and fled into oblivion , and thus leading to eternal death of the girl . What can the robot do , but stare blankly at the girl , trying to comprehend the meaning of it all?The other stories range from dull to ok , but `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' and `` Matriculated '' are two polar extremes .
 While anime-styled productions like Dark Fury , Batman
 Aside from the great animation , the stories have meaning and strangely speaks of string theory at its most interesting level . For those who find theMatrix movie meaningful , Animatrix fills in the gaps .
 The Animatrix is the given view points of the matrix through the minds of some of the great directors in anime ; Yoshiaki Kawajiri -LRB- Ninja Scroll -RRB- , Koji Morimoto -LRB- Robot Carnival -RRB- , and Shinchiro Watanabe -LRB- Cowboy Bebop -RRB- . There not only a great set of directors but through there eyes they always push a stunning an intresting look for the matrix.Through the cg - to basic hand drawn animation . All of which have not only deep characters but a deep stories . They seemed to leave you astray in confusion leaving some questions unanswered , if not presenting more.Even if some of them are a bit odd and confusing , they do n't leave you at the gate except one matriculated and maybe a bit from world record both of these just go too deep where they just end up being eye candy instend of showing any real message . The rest can be confusing but most can pixk up on the basics of the story along the way.With all these deep stories and intresting characters , its kind of odd kon -LRB- paranoia agent -RRB- is n't doing a episode . He would have been perfect . I love all the directors , but he would have been the best for the job . All the episode have a strange sence of direction which they do n't do normally , every single work kon has done is just that way deep characters , storylines and a strange bizare twist of real and fantasy , WHICH IS KON!In the end , animatrix is a giant sample of sights and sounds from numerous diffrent viewpoints is a great change was and is a great change for the matrix and adds more to the story then the sequels ever could . Why a 4 ? Cause like I said its a mixbag , some ar n't gold . Many are but not all of them , oh and theres no kon : P
 This DVD is the best matrix item out there , better than the movis better than the video game . Why ? Becouse this goes everywere andI mean EVERYWERE !!!!!!!! It tells about how the matrix was made , it talks about how a world runner runs out of the matrix . My personal favorite was Dective story , wich is one of a kind.If you were confused about what the matrix is from the first film this one helps you understand . Any fan of Japense animationshould see this .
 If you like the Matrix and Reloaded you will love Animatrix . The shorts cover everything , from the machine rebellion to a story about a woman who lost her cat . She found the cat in a run down area where there was a programming glitch . The children of the ` hood gathered around to play in the lack of gravity . This was the programming glitch . Can not tell you anymore or else I would spoil it for you .
 i was sorta exspecting for it to be a little better but it was overall very well done . there are 9 short films in the DVD and all of them are animated either using comp . graphics or animation . the one thing that i did n't really like about each short film is that almost all of them except one had a tragic ending . but i did like most of them . the cool part is that one of the films `` the final flight of the osiris '' was made by square . you know , the same people that make the final fantasy games . : -RRB-
 This absolutely fantastic companion to The Matrix blew me away with its quality of story , quality of animation , pace , action and soundtrack.It tells so many smal stories that supplement and explain someof the unexplained aspects of Matrix and Matrix Reloaded.I 'm not a big Anime fan - some of this is `` anime '' - most of it is n't . If you liked the Matrix and the Matrix reloaded , you 'll enjoy this too . There are apparently two versions - one that comes with a CD soundtrack of Matrix unloaded and one that does n't . Check it !
 This DVD was n't too bad . My favorite were the first 4 stories , even though two episodes were one long story . The only story I did n't like was the last one , I just dont understand how loading a machine into a program converts him . But oh well . I have to say that * most * of the animation was very good . Overall this was a pretty good DVD , but I would only reccomend a purchase for the `` hard core '' fans , because it 's kind of repetive . For the rest of you I 'd say either use or get your Blockbuster card .
 To anyone who is familiar with Anime , or Japanimation , the Japanese influences on the makers of the Matrix should be clear . The energy and style of the action scenes in this sci-fi modern classic are borrowed directly from the classic Anime features of the 80s and 90s like Ghost In The Shell , Akira and Ninja Scroll . What we see in Animatrix is a fascinating project
 Here 's my two cents on the disjointed/odd nature of the short films . I think it 's best to view this collection as like a `` special feature '' of `` deleted scenes '' from the Matrix trilogy , things that fans might want to see afterwards , but are n't quite good enough for , or do n't fit into , the movies . I for one like seeing deleted scenes from movies I really like , and I think this DVD is best for people who have a more active interest in the world of the Matrix .
 After reading some reviews it seems that fans of the Matrix either loved the Animatrix or hated it . If you 're expecting these short animes to resemble anything like the Matrix then perhaps its not for you . But if you have an open mind to explore different visions and perspectives of the Matrix then you 're in for a real treat.This project after all was the brainchild of the brothers Wachowski who presented several of the original stories to be animated and who had the final say in which stories made the final cut . What I do like is that they allowed these top-notch anime producers to have lots of freedom is the way the stories were expressed and some of the producers created the most original stories of their own . Fans of Ninja Scroll , Aeon Flux , Neon Genesis , Cowboy Bebop will not be dissapointed with this collection . It is a wonderful way to sample works from anime producers with vastly different styles and original storytelling . `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' `` Renaissance '' and `` Program '' are to me the most true to the Matrix . For originality in stories my favorites are
 These 9 shorts are excellent background material for the Matrix movies . Some of them are very important , if one wants to fully understand reloaded , as they tell the stories that were only briefly mentioned , and also let you know who that annoying kid was that greeted them when they first got to zion.The animation is first-rate , done by some of the top anime houses around . If you think animation is for children , then you definitely need to see this to show you what the medium can do for a story.An excellent set of stories , pay attention to the ratings , there is as much violence in these as there are in the movies .
 The Animatrix is a curiosity and it serves to highlight clearly the Wachowski brother 's committment to this project . A series of short -LRB- each about ten minutes -RRB- animated adventures set in the world of the Matrix movies , The Animatrix explores the themes and possibilities of the movies using different techniques from CGI to traditional Anime.As a fan of CGI the two standout pieces for me were `` Last Flight of the Osiris '' and `` Matriculated '' . `` Last Flight of the Osiris '' -LRB- from the team responsible for `` Final Fantasy '' -RRB- is jaw dropping state of the art hyper-real CGI . It is obvious that much of the Matrix Reloaded was produced in this way . The opening scene is absolutely delicious as two very attractive CGI characters disrobe eachother in a virtual martial arts sword fight . The piece goes on to illustrate a link between the first two movies in the Matrix trilogy.But the one that really got me was `` Matriculated '' . An astounding blend of CGI and handrawn animation this film really explores the possibilities of the medium and the results are mind-blowing , and quite psychadelic in places . A curious story about a group of humans who attempt to convert machines to their cause , `` Matriculated '' really pushes the boundaries . For hardcore fans it is worth owning the DVD for these two pieces alone , however the other pieces are excellent too , using more standard animation techniques to tell their stories . Those with a passing interest in the Matrix movies will probably be happier just renting The Animatrix.If you are unfamiliar with Anime it is worth noting that it often contains strong violence and sexual material , and the Animatrix is no exception . One scene in particular depicted violence against a robot made to look like a human woman and I found this quite uncomfortable to watch.After watching The Animatrix I am left feeling confident that despite the unexpected success of the first Matrix movie , the Wachowski brothers are committed to bringing the Matrix to the World with integrity . A lot of people have been disappointed in the second movie , but seen in the context of an action packed comic book sci-fi saga it all makes sense , and its really working for me . It is not going to be to everyone 's taste , but this is to the directors ' credit , not to their detriment .
 I just finished watching the Animatrix with my daughter and she loved it . These short stories were so insightful , tragic and made you realy think about yourself and the world in which we currently live.My next step now is the watch the Matrix Trilogy with her .
 If you love the idea of the sci fi and also like action adventure movies but realize that 99 % of everything that falls into these genres is formulaic , commercialized crap , then this is for you . Do n't be put off by the fact that this is all animation
 Really good compilation of stories that will make you understand The Matrix Trilogy a little bit better . A Must-Have if you really like The Matrix .
 The Animatrix consists of nine animated shorts that revolve around the Wachowski Brothers ' trilogy of The Matrix films . Seven of the nine shorts are considered to be anime ; `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' and `` Metriculated '' are the two shorts that are not considered to be anime . Madhouse , one of the major animation studios in Japan , was involved with almost all seven of the anime shorts . The names involved with the seven anime shorts are Mahiro Maeda , Shinichiro Watanabe , Yoshiaki Kawajiri , Takeshi Koike , and Koji Morimoto.While all seven of these stories are done in an anime style , the animation style is different for each story -LRB- with the only exception being the two parts of `` The Second Renaissance , '' which have the same animation style -RRB- . Each director brought their own style to the short they were working on . While most of these shorts are not inter-related , you can still tell that they are part of the same whole unit of The Animatrix.The DVD release includes some bonus features . There are audio commentaries for `` The Second Renaissance Part I , '' `` The Second Renaissance Part II , '' `` Program , '' and `` World Record . '' There are subtitles provided , because the audio for the commentaries is in Japanese . There is a 22-minute documentary titled , `` Scrolls to Screen
 Animatrix is a set of short stories that take place in the matrix universe , each with there own animation style . To make this short I 'll just say that it 's worth it !
 There is no comparison to the Matrix Trilogy ... Until ... The Animatrix was released!This DVD includes 9 unreleased titlesmade buy the guys that brought you The Matrix!Each short film has it 's own story and style.They still follow , to some extent , the idea thatThe Matrix was based off of.When can we say there 's TOO MUCH technology ? So far , I like where we 're heading , it brought me this movie ... But maybe some day we will reach the point where ourworld is run by it ...
 Animatrix is a dream for people who love science fiction , cyber punk and post-cyber punk . Wonderful stories , great art work , good character design and loads of extras on the DVD . 9 short films exploring the incredible possibilities within the Matrix setting . Being a fan of Ghost in the Shell and hard science fiction this was a real treat . I also happen to enjoy the idea of robots and artificial intelligence and found the Second Renaissance Parts I & II to be breath taking . A Detective Story was very much a sci-fi noir story which reminded me of 1984 and Brazil all at the same time.Very much for mature viewers only , 17 and up . Too bad the post-Matrix movies set in the world of the Matrix were so bad .
 I 'm not one of those who eat , sleep , and breathe the Matrix trilogy -- or animation in general , for that matter -- but I do enjoy non-Disney animated art and anime , and also graphic novels , with which this anthology of nine short films has a lot in common . Larry and Andy Lachowski , the creators of the Matrix universe , put this project together as a way of elucidating various unexplored aspects of their created world and providing some additional back-story , and they brought in some of the best contemporary animators to do it . Some of the nine follow the story faithfully , especially , `` Final Voyage of the Osiris '' and `` Program . '' Others are much more tangential , and I personally think those are the best
 This is such a great movie ! There are several different parts about the history behind `` The Matrix '' They are all animated -LRB- hence the name -RRB- but all in different styles . I really did enjoy this movie more than even the best of the trilogy `` The Matrix '' . Very fast paced - even the most extreme ADHD will be entertained ! Enjoy !
 Do n't be put off the the negative reviews!First up this is n't directly relating to the Matrix films , it is a collection of animated short films set in the Matrix universe or setting.Each is by a different animator/director and each is very different . This is it 's strongest point , not a weak point.The first is a computer gen 'd short that most directly follows the matrix movies , but do be honest its more eye candy than story . On this point it is ABSOLUTELY STUNNING , the quality of animation is incredible , going beyond the realism of the Final Fantasy movie computer animation.From here there are two shorts in traditional animation explaining the truly epic history that led to the creation of the matrix and the war . It is presented as a historical report , with news like footage of different stages and events . This is the disturbing highlight because it is very logical and plausible , and quite damning of human nature . Some might not like these two because of the savage imagery but they warn us to not assume that just because we are in a `` modern '' and `` civilised '' world we are above the mistakes of oppression made previously.The remaining are very varied , and each is strongly stylised . One is from the animators of Aeon Flux , with the same surreal and disproportioned style that makes Aeon Flux fascinating to watch . Another is a detective story with an almost 1960 's black and white style , in which a private eye is recruited in the hunt for Trinity . Read the above review for a rundown on each.Each one for me was fascinating and I 've watched this dvd a few times over already . There are more tie-ins to the movies than you 'll realise at first , but at the same time the stories are independant of the movies , free to explore an idea to its end without limit like any good short story or film should.By the way I 'm no Matrix freak or even a massive Anime fan , this is just genuinely fresh and fascinating veiwing , presented with heaps of eye candy and an awesome soundtrack to boot . Perhaps other reviewers were looking for straight matrix bulls ** t fight scenes and action , and were disappointed with it having some actual depth ?
 Having been lucky enough to have seen the 9 episodes , I can say that the Wachowskys are the best thing to happen to movies in a long time , and this generation 's creativity icons in Hollywood . That they could take The Matrix 's success and share the wealth with this incredible project , giving so many people a chance to showcase their talent while giving the world of The Matrix an exciting new medium in which to express itself , shows their brilliance , and that they are no one-trick ponies.I 'll start by commenting on the overwhelming rave reviews for `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' . In truth , with all the hype , when I finally did see it , I was sorely disappointed . Technically , yes , it is brilliant , as I feel is the usual with Square 's work -LRB- definitely including the Final Fantasy film -RRB- . But the execution is way too juvenile . The initial fight scene and the pipe acrobatics -LRB- while the fate of humanity is ticking -RRB- scene are so ridiculous and juvenile that they are almost embarrassing to watch . You 'll know when you see them . Suffice it to say that everyone will be awed by the CGI quality , but its overall appeal will only lie with the pre-teen crowd . Good action , fabulous animation , but disappointing plot execution.The best of the 9 are , in my opinion , the two Second Renaissance parts and Kid 's Story . They are the most entertaining , bold , intelligent , and artistically brilliant of the bunch . The dark Second Renaissance will bring chills down your spine , and the touching Kid 's Story takes a basically action-oriented short and enhances it with brilliant artistic shifts and terrific music.The worst of the bunch is , without hesitation , Program . It is the one regrettable mar on an otherwise brilliant DVD . Very derivative and juvenile , both artistically and plot-wise , it 's the only one that was n't brave enough to examine The Matrix 's world in any real way ... it is just a very weak , over-the-top Samurai fight scene that just happens to take place in a Construct program . It 's nothing that is n't dime-a-dozen with TV-cartoon-quality anime , and the fact that the Program team wasted the incredible opportunity to push the envelope -LRB- that the other shorts took advantage of -RRB- , is a real shame . Program does not belong on this DVD.That aside , however , The Animatrix is one of the most exciting and different projects to come out of the Hollywood machine in a long time . It is incredibly entertaining , often brilliant , and vrey reasonably priced . And as an aside , the Wachowskys and the incredible anime talent they shared their good fortune with , all deserve your support . This is the no-brainer purchase of the year , especially -LRB- though not only -RRB- for anime and Matrix fans .
 I found this film a valuable addition to understanding the Matrix universe and the story behind it . The various interpretations of the material from different directors was interesting and entertaining . Some of the ethical implications and animations were lacking , but overall certainly worth it . I found the piece on ` The Kid ' most satisfying .
 When Walt Disney came up with the idea for Fantasia , he imagined a film that would keep returning after a few years and show off latest animation techniques and styles . The Animatrix takes 7 directors of anime and contribute a story surrounding the mythology of the Matrix . However it 's decidedly uneven as some are great while others are rather bland or just plainly suck.Final Flight of the Osiris
 The Animatrix is a collection of 9 short animated films inspired by the story and concepts of `` The Matrix '' . Larry and Andy Wachowski , the creators of `` The Matrix '' , commissioned 7 different animation directors to contribute to the universe of `` The Matrix '' by creating short films that reflect their authors ' personal styles and ideas about the Matrix . Four of the nine episodes were written by the Wachowski brothers themselves . Probably due to their short length , the films are more vignettes than stories . They present ideas and images but only partial narratives . The animation styles vary widely and give a nice sampling of animation today . There are so many distinct styles to choose from that every viewer is likely to find something in this collection to his / her taste.The choices for your viewing pleasure are : `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' directed by Andy Jones , written by the Wachowski brothers
 Even though it is n't live action , this collection of animated shorts expresses the vision and the issues of the matrix series far more clearly than the films . If you liked the first film , this DVD is a must .
 THE ANIMATRIX is a set of nine anime all having to deal with the world of The Matrix . The nine shorts are : `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' -- this feature first was seen before the movie DREAMCATCHER . It shows the journey of the ship Osiris as the crew tries to plant a message in the Matrix that is crucial to the rebellion and the people of Zion . `` The 2nd Renaissance Part I & Part II '' -- these two shorts explain how the Matrix came to be . The story sounds a lot like THE PLANET OF THE APES . First man creates machine to make life easier for him . Then machine revolts and man tries to destroy machine , but ends up losing . `` Kid 's Story '' -- a story that tells about how a teenage boy escaped the Matrix . The boy later plays a crucial part in the Matrix movies . `` Program '' -- a story involving a very lifelike simulation in the Matrix that might be more real than it 's supposed to be . `` World Record '' -- the world 's fastest man briefly escapes the Matrix and experiences moments of true freedom as he attempts to break the world 's short distance speed record . `` Beyond '' -- a group of children discover a neighborhood where things that are n't supposed to happen do . `` A Detective Story '' -- a crime noir . A detective gets caught up with Trinity and is chased on a train by agents . `` Marticulated '' -- in the world outside the Matrix and group of rebels capture machines and jack them into a machine matrix causing them to `` turn '' human and fight against the machines.The DVD includes making of documentaries on each film as well as a short documentary about the history of anime . There are also director commentaries for both episodes of `` 2nd Renaissance '' , `` Program '' , and `` World Record '' . The animation in some of the shorts is n't very good , while in others it is extraordinary -LRB- e.g. `` The Final Flight of the Osiris '' -RRB- . Some of the stories are rather lame and do n't add much to the Matrix universe while others fill in the gaps in the Matrix chronology . This is a DVD that many people probably wo n't enjoy watching . It 's more for fans of the Matrix movies of fans of anime . Still , if you 're an action/sci fi fan and are looking for something a little different and do n't mind Japanese anime , then it might be for you .
 The Animatrix consists of nine animated short films that are part of the Matrix universe . They deal with various aspects of the universe and some interact directly with the two movies . As the films are each made by different directors/animation houses , they all have different looks and feels to them . Each film is about 10 minutes long . Naturally , some are better than others.Final Flight of the Osiris
 The Animatrix has its ups and downs . Up
 This is what I LOVE about the Matrix
 Animatrix is a welcome twist in the Matrix series . Those of us who are the true fans of Matrix world will find this series of episodes to be a creative elaboration on the concept of the Matrix universe . It could also be a device used by Warchovski 's to keep our hunger to see Matrix Revolutions at bay.While some episodes are free standing , Kid 's Story and Final Flight of Osiris are intimately linked to the events of the Matrix
 THE ANIMATRIX is a series of nine groundbreaking animated shorts designed as companion pieces to the MATRIX film trilogy , each about 5-10 minutes in length , the longest is about 20 minutes . This is also produced by the Wachowski Bros. and Joel Silver . The range of animation techniques on display here is simply astounding - which easily makes this a 5 star DVD , but THE ANIMATRIX will possibly hold the most appeal to MATRIX fanatics who know the movies inside and out -LRB- I 'm not one of them so cut me a little slack , mmkay ? -RRB- . What I found most amusing is that the end credits to the films run twice as long as the shorts!The features are as follows , with my personal faves denoted by an asterisk :1 . FINAL FLIGHT OF THE OSIRIS -LRB- This was screened in NZ as a short film before DREAMCATCHER , which I have n't seen yet . -RRB- 2 . THE SECOND RENAISSANCE PART 1.3 . THE SECOND RENAISSANCE PART 2 . -LRB- Logically enough -RRB- .4 . KID 'S STORY *
 Instead of reviewing the entire thing I 'll just review the actual movies -LRB- mostly -RRB- . Final Flight of the Osiris-This short was made by the Final Fantasy
 This is what I LOVE about the Matrix
 It was violent , insane , graphic and in some parts grotesque . I LOVED EVERY MINUTE OF IT . This is what animation should be like in america , not that junk they show you on Cartoon Network or The WB . The dvd has 9 short films about The Matrix , not the movie but the place -LRB- although 4 of the films are tangled into the first 2 matrix films , Final Flight of the Osiris , The Second Renaissance I & II and Kid 's story -RRB- . I 'll be rating the films individualy , as in Amazon.com the highest score is 5 stars , lets begin .1 . The first film `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' tells you who sent Jada Pinket Smiths character the info about the machines digging in `` The Matrix
 Personally , I love the Animatrix , and I believe the Wachowski brothers repay a large debt of gratitude and creative license to the Japanese animation industry by exposing so many talented animators and directors through this collection.However , those hoping to get all of their Matrix-universe questions answered before the release of `` Matrix
 The Animatrix was always something I intended to pick up , but after I had more cash . While I love the Matrix , the semi-disappointment of Matrix Reloaded and the over-barrage of media hype that came with it made me want to lay off anything Matrix-related for awhile . But when I found the Animatrix for an exceptionally low price , I decided to snatch it up now rather than pay more later . And I 'm glad I did.I 've browsed the other reviews here and a lot of anime/DVD sites , and can understand how the hardcore anime community might dislike the Animatrix . Some really bad dialogue seems to creep in now and then , and there are probably a lot more than the few anime cliches I picked up on -LRB- the feudal Japan training sim in the short `` Program '' is the most blatent one -RRB- . However , this release still blew me away . For someone whose anime experience has been limited to watered-down American dubs like Pokemon , Yu-Gi-Oh , and Ultimate Muscle , the animation in these shorts is jaw-dropping . Mind-blowing . Certain art styles fans will like more than others , but all of them have the high detail of anime AND the fluidity of American animation . It 's the best of both cultures , and like the old saying goes , `` I never knew it could be this way . '' On a side note , also to be commended is `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' , the non-anime short that uses the `` Final Fantasy '' CGI graphics . I never saw Final Fantasy , and while the animation here was incredible , it still looked CG to me . However , certain shots of the main character -LRB- the Asian girl -RRB- looked so real I 'd have sworn she was a live actor . Kudos to Square for making me believe.As for the quality of the actual stories , I agree with the majority in that the four outstanding ones are Osiris , Second Renaissance I and II , and Detective Story . The others are open to a bit more criticism , and will each have their share of supporters and detractors , but I enjoyed all of them , and find that all the shorts are worth owning . Some great supplements are included too , including commentaries and an informative documentary on the history of anime . Either way , there 's enough good stuff here for all anime fans to justify adding it to their collection . And if you love the Matrix , but think of anime only in terms of Pokemon , then I highly recommend you snag this eye-opening disc ; you 'll never view anime the same way again .
 I did n't watch this set of animated shorts with any expectations and therefore was not dissappointed . I think too many reviewers are being overly critical of these short anime films . How can they compare to the orginal after all.That said , I was pleasantly suprised and enjoyed most of it only let down a bit by World Record , though even that one had much promise that ultimately went unfulfilled . For the most part , the animation and stories were excellent . My favorites were the awsome Final Flight of the Osiris , the two Second Renaissance segments with their allusions to today 's world , Kid 's Story for it 's loose , exciting animation , and Beyond for it 's interesting story premise and great direction.I would say this is a solid addition to the Matrix universe , just do n't expect there to me more to it than your rightfully should . Also , watch the bonus material , it will give you a deeper appreciation of the shorts .
 Normally not one to review an item that is n't out yet , I 've seen half the shorts on here so my opinion is at least somewhat educated . You too can see four of the shorts by visiting the Animatrix website . Amazon does n't usually allow URLs in their reviews but I 'll give you one guess as to what it is.The Animatrix was conceived by the brothers Wachoski -LRB- the guys who made the original films -RRB- . Four of the nine shorts were also written by them . One unfluential medium for the movie The Matrix was comic books , and the brothers successfully used this medium to not only tell parts of the story but introduce the world of the Matrix to the world -LRB- you can find the free online-comics on the Matrix website -RRB- . Now , another highly influential medium to the brothers , anime -LRB- or Japanese animation -RRB- is being used to tell other parts of the grand story -LRB- and introduce the second film -RRB- . For casual fans of the movies , it is not necessary to buy this DVD . It has extra , but not intregal , story material . It 's more of a bonus for people who want more -LRB- three films is n't nearly enough for many fans -RRB- . What you get in this are nine anime short films directed by top names in their field . For anime fans this alone makes it worth buying . For Matrix fans it means you 're getting quality . All the films are supervised by the brothers and four were written by them to ensure their proper place in the Matrix continuity.Since this review is for American audiences , it 's important to note something . This is NOT for young children ! The reason this is important to note is because Americans seem trained to associate animation equals kids . Some of the shorts portay gruesome violence -LRB- even more so than the films thus far -RRB- . Indeed , much like the film , the stories are very intellectual and not written for a child 's mindset anyway.In all , if you are a fan of the films , you need to check this out . It 's really well done , and gives a lot of insight into how the world as we know it developed into the future world that Morpheus describes . Do n't expect it to be better than the films , but it is a worthy addition .
 With the eagerly awaited The Matrix-Reloaded & Revolution , the directors have given us a treat to eyes & mind.These superbly made movies are a sure no-no-miss . They have already uploaded 2 of the movies on their website and coming up with two more -LRB- April '03 & May ' 03 -RRB- . And then in June you get to see all the 9 with Dolby 5.1 . One of the movie ` The Final Flight of Osiris ' , can be seen with shows of ` Dreamcatchers ' movie , by the makers of ` The Final Fantasy-The Spirits Within ' is a animation blower -LRB- & also suppositely a prelude to the Matrix-Reloaded Movie -RRB- . I ca n't comment on all the movies , but yes after seeing the two online ones I can say , you ca n't afford to miss any.The direction is superb , story line is superb . One of these include voice by Keanu -LRB- The Kid -RRB- & one with voice of Carry En Moss.I would suggest you to have a look at the matrix website -LRB- Animatrix section -RRB- to have an idea about all the movies . They have two liners explaining each of the Animatrix movie . Also watch the on-line movies before buying it.Some people , not very keen on Animation stuff , may not find it too cool . You can catch The Matrix-Reloaded then . . You can run but you can not hide from the Matrix fever.Matrix Has You !!
 The Animatrix is the final piece of the Matrix series that contains details into the original trilogy that makes the story whole , instead of filled with microscopic holes . There are nine short stories in all : THE SECOND RENAISSANCE
 Well now ... you have the directors of Evangelion , Cowboy Bebop , Akira , Ninja Scroll , the Final Fantasy Movie , and Aeon Flux all popped into one nice DVD . Out of the episodes I 've seen , which are the 4 episodes on the official website and the Osiris short shown with Dreamcatcher , the Animatrix DVD is gon na be one of my `` must buys '' for June.Each episode is not to go unnoticed each showing a particular side of the Matrix universe -LRB- including how it was created -RRB- making it an essential for any Matrix fan . Also one has to respect the amount of quality in detail and animation put into each short episode.If you 're not an Anime fan . . these episodes should show you why you should be : - b . If you are , you should know what to expect from these directors and in my opinion , i think you wo n't be disappointed .
 I , with a couple friends , bought tickets to see Dreamcatcher with the sole purpose of seeing the Animatrix short The Final Flight of the Osiris . I could not believe how realistic the characters were and the story line was terrific . After first seeing it I did not really like the story , but that was before I knew that it was only part of a greater picture . Now knowing this vital bit of information I realize that for nine minutes of film there is a lot of action going on . The movements of the individual characters is fluid and graceful with little or no evidence of the process in the final product . The skin along the joints stretches and retracts as they move . I could not believe how real they appear in the opening scene , the only thing unreal about it was how high they could jump . Flying in slow motion gives the viewer the ability to see the near individual strands of hair move as if blown by the wind . I know that if given the chance to see the entire set of shorts that I will thirst for more .
 Great new insight to the Matrix . The DVD is really short though .
 If you love the Matrix , but felt that the Matrix 2 should have been called `` Overloaded '' rather than Re-loaded , then this is a redeeming piece of material . This DVD is a fantastic plunge into the world of the Matrix , loaded with great stories and most of all wonderful variations of animation styles . It breaks the background history down in a refreshing way that leaves the viewer wanting more . Almost every story is wonderfully done and gives you better sense of understanding for the entire world in which the Matrix spawns . You do n't even have to be a geek to apprecaite this DVD ! ... Buy it or rent it ! ... You 'll be pleased for sure !
 There is great quality and variety in this outstanding animation project . I believe the Animatrix as a whole would have been a lot better if there was perhaps five or six more episodes , with more connections to the movies storyline . Still , an excellent dvd if you 're a Matrix -LRB- or anime -RRB- addict , like me .
 The ones to watch in this seris are :1 . Final Flight of the Osiris
 The newest Matrix , Matrix Reloaded , is very good , but this is even better . This DVD of Anime by the worlds greatest and latest Anime creators is full of amazing stories that tie into the movie directly -LRB- Final Flight Of The Osiris -RRB- , tell the history of mankinds downfall -LRB- The Second Renaissance Pt . 1 and 2 -RRB- , or just focus on the smallest scale of what life can be like in the Matrix itself -LRB- Beyond and Dective 's Story -RRB- . The Stories themselves range from good to excellent and the acting is almost always subperb . Oh yeah , the picture quality and graphical style is either nice or totally , undenialbly , mind blowing ! Whether you just enjoy anime , good storytelling or are just a Matrix obsessive , the rabbit hole certainly runs deeper than we could have ever imagined .
 The `` shorts '' on the Animatrix are just that , ranging from around 7 minutes to about 11 , with `` Osiris , '' `` Program , '' and `` Detective Story '' as the cream of the crop . The CG effects in each are subtle enough and well integrated not to be a bother.Extras ? The DVD has director bios , and full-length commentary for some , but not all of the shorts -LRB- both Renaissance films , Program and World Record -RRB- . There 's a trailer for the already out Enter the Matrix game , making-of documentaries on each film , and `` Scrolls to Screen
 Unfortunately , there is a great amount of time between the `` Matrix '' and the `` Matrix Reloaded '' . But through Animatrix , the average fan can get a `` catch up '' . Though , not a fan of the ` animated ' approach , if any of you find `` Reloaded '' to be confusing , watch `` Animatrix '' then go back and watch `` Reloaded '' and I bet you 'll say that `` Reloaded '' is one of the best movies you have ever seen .
 I got to watch this movie in 1973 , while stationed aboard the USS Oriskany -LRB- CVA-34 -RRB- online , South China Sea . I loved it ! It has great acting , and has - well - you need to see it for yourself ! But if you do n't see it here , you will need to find it in PAL format -LRB- European format -RRB- , and good luck with THAT !
 There are certain movies , that when they 're made , the concept seems so simple and classic that I ca n't believe it took us as a culture so long to produce it
 Milf is a college sex comedy that is in the vein of American Pie and its sequels . So much so that I 'm surprised that it 's not called American Pie Presents
 Stars
 MILF deserves to be famous ! I 've watched and I loved everything from start 'til the end of the movie . The movie is brilliant ! Just like that and no less . I am disappointed to see not many reviews and likes for the movie . I am literally blown out with this movie . I loved all of the actors ! Especially special attention is on the main two friends -LRB- Philip Marlatt and Jack Cullison -RRB- . The Milfs are after that and to the last the other two guys did a good performance . I loved the movie , it is as good as American Pie movies . It has simple plot but it carried out on the scene so good , that the story , I just liked it . I even cared for the relationship between two friends . The movie really caught me . As I tried to predict what was going to happen next , I often caught myself been wrong . I love the characters , the story , everything . This is 10/10 . The only edge that American Pie has over that movie is that it was rich with soundtrack . This movie definitely did not have music after every scene and all that . Just normal music , no bands to promote . And it was really good . You must see it for yourself . Buy the movie and enjoy it . Laugh til you feel you ca n't take it no more . This movie is definitely one of my top favorites from tonight . The movie and actors made me rofl all night long .
 Amy Lindsay Shines as the main star in this one . Great body . Very nice . Lots of nudity . Why else would one buy this ??? Surely no one is expecting an Oscar winning movie .
 thanks . the movie was great . and funny we enjoyed it . i would recamend it . thanks . .
 I like this move went I first saw it . I am glad to have bought it I do reconmend the any one who does like a good movie to see at any time of the day .
 Essentially , several hours of a Taiwanese TV show were culled to make this over-the-top action movie . Highlights include the hero battling multiple forms of the Swastika Formation , Ninjas attacking and getting beaten off by a nude woman , and the stereotyped dialog and fighting of the Famous Black Monk from Harlem . For mature audiences , of course ... Plot
 great flicc , i enjoyed it from beginning to end . alot of sped up fighting but i like sped up fights . the same people from shaolin vs lama and shaolin chasity kung fu , so u know the kung fu is off the hook . i like how the added a black monk and white monk from california . lol !! great stuff !!
 This miniseries is epic , a must see!Any Anna Karenina fans will truly appreciate the accuracy to details and the wonderful cast and acting . It it is a true gem from British television , you do not want the story to end !
 I am really pleased with this version of Anna Karenina , this mini-series is enthralling and you ca n't wait to see what happens next , Im also a fan of the film version with Vivan Leigh.This is a must see for anyone who enjoys this tragic love story .
 First rate adaptation and the performances are too good for words.Recommend very highly this most worthy set of episodes.Surpassed expectations all around .
 The only film version of this classic love story that I 've seen was the one filmed in 1948 with Vivien Leigh and Ralph Richardson . However , this miniseries is more faithful to the book -LRB- which , I 'm sad to admit , I 've never been able to finish reading -RRB- . SPOILER ALERT !!!! Alas , the miniseries ends with Anna 's death and thus omits the happy ending of the novel -LRB- typical of every version of the novel , I guess -RRB- . Anna 's death scene lacked emotional intensity , hence my giving it four stars.Fine performances from everyone in the cast , especially a pre-villainous Stuart Wilson -LRB- `` Lethal Weapon 3 , '' `` The Mask Of Zorro '' -RRB- as Count Vronsky.I especially loved the scene when Anna reunites with her son after patching up her brother Stiva 's marriage and when she surprises him on his birthday . so romantic . This miniseries is Not Rated .
 I can not believe this was produced so long ago ! I am awestruck by the acting and setting locations ! A wonderful viewing experience whether you have read the book or not . Be sure to catch this series !
 I read the novel in my teens , and remembered it vaguely . This film was soap opera-ish , but wonderfully acted , had beautifully scenery and was completely faithful to the storyline . 10 hours sounds long , but it was well worth the time spent . You wo n't even notice the heavily British accents , as you follow the characters around `` Russia '' . Great film .
 It was very enjoyable and extremely well done . Much better than many other versions of Anna Karenina Hollywood films or some plays I saw on stage . A real classic to have in one 's collection .
 After reading Anna Karenina I wanted to check out some of the film adaptations , so I bought this . I personally liked it , the production does kind of feel like a soap opera in a way . But 10 episodes gives them time to develop the characters nicely . If you like the book , give it a go ... and keep me updated !
 First rate acting and period costumes and scenes are extremely well done . I 've viewed several Anna K. movies and this is in the same category as the Vivian Leigh version .
 In our effort to develop and assist in the maturity process of two teenagers , we obtained this classic that delves on timeless issues of love , heartache , marriage , loyalty , separation , pain , guilt , and unfortunately ending in tragic consequences to at times , thoughtless actions.The plot is set in 19th-century Russia and the families selected for this amazing story , for the most part , are part of the aristocracy . The protagonist , Anna , played by Nicola Pagett , is a very young and beautiful woman , married to a man much older than her . Not sure why they chose to marry , but you can tell that she is not in love with her husband but feels secure about the life his position and wealth offer.Her husband , played by Eric Porter , Mr. Karenin is a powerful man , involved in politics , astute , methodical , and willing to live life without passion , at times giving the impression that he is numb to feelings.They have a young child , who fills the voids in her mother and they are very attached . On a yourney that starts the movie , Anna meets an older woman and strikes a rather interesting conversation , but one that opens her heart to the older woman , who happens to be the mother of Count Vronsky , played by Stuart Wilson.When they arrive at the station , they meet , and the Count is captivated by Anna 's beauty , but even more , by the fact that his mother seems to be admirous of the young woman . Anna feels the heat of the passion written in the young , dashing soldier 's eyes ... and the spark is ignited . In time , Anna risks it all for the pursuit of true love , but guilt , remorse , and an astute husband that plays the cards to make sure she never gets what she wants , initiate the down-fall of this woman . The consequences of poor choices are painful to watch , but excellent to prepare two young women about to start lives of their own.Sometimes we must ask ourselves ... who do I want to have been ... to make choices that ensure you get there ... safe and sound of mind . Highly recommend watching this series , but make sure you allow the necessary give and take to gain insight and growth .
 I did n't read the book yet . So I ca n't make a comparison.But that said , the movie may be 10 hours , but it is NEVER boring.It 's basically this . Anna Karenina -LRB- who is married with one son -RRB- goes to her brother 's house to see if she can save his broken marriage with Dolly . While she is there , she manages to save her brother 's marriage . But soon afterwards , she -LRB- without meaning to do so -RRB- breaks Kitty 's -LRB- Dolly 's sister -RRB- engagement to Vronsky , because Vronsky finds Anna attractive.We then meet Anna 's husband . He is nice enough , but we can see that he is more like a kind father to Anna than a husband . Though if we look at the whole picture , we can see that Anna really has it well . -LRB- Beautiful house , clothes , servants , a kind intelligent older husband , a son who adores her , and a fine reputation . -RRB- To make a long movie short , Anna decides that after feeling loved passionately by Vronsky , she is unhappy with her life . Interestingly , her husband -LRB- rather than being typically jealous -RRB- warns her of consequences if she carries out this affair . And even after she has a child with Vronsky , he is still willing to forgive her . In my opinion , this limits the sympathy we can have for Anna when she constantly refuses her husband 's gift of forgiveness . -LRB- To say nothing of the fact that while he was hurt , he does NOT want to leave her to the mercy of an affair that may or may not last . -RRB- Moving quickly , she has a brief moment of happiness with Vronsky , but she soon finds out that in taking this relationship with Vronsky , she has lost her son , not to mention her reputation . And while we want to feel sorry for her , we ca n't deny that -LRB- 1 -RRB- her husband warned her , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- she did it to herself.But whether we are on Anna 's side or the side of her husband , the movie is phenomenal in the tragic puzzle that comes together so logically.It is worth noting that while the movie does not mention it , Anna may very well be bipolar . She reacts to reason with cruelty first to her husband , and later to Vronsky . While Vronsky was not so likable in the first 9/10 of the movie , we start to feel some sympathy for him in the last 10th when he ca n't even talk to Anna without her reacting with cruelty.It is not long before her relationship with Vronsky deteriorates . -LRB- She ca n't even sleep OR JUST BE WITH the man she threw everything away for , and she finds herself in a worse position than she has ever been in with no visible exit . -LRB- Or perhaps , just one . -RRB- Perhaps the moral of this story is that in striving for ALL , we can LOSE the great things that we DID have.I could go on and on about the scenery , the supporting characters , etc. . But then this review would be way too long.I 'll just say that even though this film is 10 hours , it is NEVER boring . A fine Russian masterpiece !
 Not a very good copy . It 's grainy so it looks like a copy that was copied off a vhs format . very disappointing
 I first saw Nicola Paget as Elizabeht Bellamy Kirkbridge on Upstairs , Downstairs . This led her to be cast in this production of Anna Karenina , both shown on Masterpiece Theater here in America.Most of Ms. Paget 's work was on television in the United Kingdom . Although shows like The Avengers , The Persuaders and secret Agent were shown here . She made several movies here in cluding , Oliver 's Story , There 's a Girl in My Soup and Anne of the Thousand Days.There have been many film adaptations , such as those with Viven Leigh and Greta Garbo being the most recognizable . Her co-star as Vronsky is Stuart Wilson , who went on to star in The Strauss Family . Eric Porter , Soames in The Forsyte Saga is Karenin . These three performances stand out and make this a production worth watching .
 I had n't seen this series for many years when the DVD from Amazon arrived a few days ago . The series was done in 1978 and stars Nicola Pagett of Upstairs Downstairs fame . Seeing it again I am amazed at the accuracy of the presentation and the acting . If you are lucky enough to have this DVD series you will be seeing the best depiction of Russia in the last years of the reign of Alexander II . The interiors , the mode of life and even the way the actors speak is as close as anything has come to the times . The uniforms are incredible because they had a special consultant who made sure they were right ; when Vronsky appears wearing the uniform of the Preobrajensky Regiment he has the right one - even down to one appropriate to the time of day and season . I have to say that Stuart Wilson does an amazing job as Vronsky - no one has come within a hundred miles of his presentation of the role . Nicola Pagett is Anna reincarnated , her suicidal descent into darkness and death is almost unbearable to watch . This is a must have DVD for anyone who loves Tolstoy 's book and Imperial Russia , get it today . This is a 100 % + review on a great series . Thank you to Time Life Video for bring it back . Let 's hope `` By The Sword Divided '' is next ...
 Over twenty years ago , American TV viewers were treated to five outstanding dramatizations -- Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy -LRB- Guinness -RRB- , Crime and Punishment -LRB- John Hurt -RRB- , The Mayor of Casterbridge -LRB- Bates -RRB- , Anna Karenina -LRB- the present miniseries with Padgett and Porter -RRB- , and Our Mutual Friend , with Leo McKern -LRB- star of Rumpole of the Bailey -RRB- as Noddy Boffin , and Jane Seymour as Bella Wilfer . Much to my delight , these series have been appearing as videocassettes or DVDs -- except -LRB- so far -RRB- for Our Mutual Friend . One to go ! I do hope it becomes available soon . Surely Ms. Seymour 's fans and Mr. McKern 's would support that.This Anna Karenina series is excellent . While there is no substitute for reading -- and rereading -- Tolstoy 's astonishing novel , this miniseries stays close not only to Tolstoy 's characterizations and plot , but to the book 's tone . We are engrossed in the story and in these people 's lives , and yet neither Tolstoy nor the TV adaptation attempt to make us `` lose ourselves . '' We are thinking , assessing , questioning . The TV serial , interestingly , eschews soundtrack -LRB- aside from opening titles and playout -RRB- and tricks of camera angles and lighting . The performers rose to the challenge of carrying the series with integrity.Anna Karenina was one of television 's finest offerings . I 've waited for years to see it again !
 I must have watched a different mini-series from the reviewer before me , because I enjoyed this Anna Karenina immensely - so much so that I came here to buy it after watching it via renting it . Nicola Pagett , Eric Porter , and Stuart Wilson were perfectly cast . Nicola as Anna was tremendously touching and vivid in the role of Anna and Stuart as Vronsky was every bit the selfish playboy , caught up and surprised by a love affair that destroys so many lives . Eric Porter as Karenin is perfect , rigid on the outside with a veritable volcano of emotions boiling within.Yes , the production values leave a lot to be desired , but you have to take into account this was a television show filmed in the 70s . The color of the characters , and the strength of the cast , and the perfect dialogue and almost-perfect rendering of one of the greatest novels of all time makes up for the disappointing sets.I love this mini-series . If you enjoy acting of the highest order and a perfect ensemble cast , then you will enjoy this Anna Karenina .
 I re-read Anna Karenina every 3 years . So , I love the novel and resent any changes that have been made to the many versions of film . This is the best and closest to the novel . The spiritual change that comes over Karenin when Anna lies close to death is an important scene , Tolstoy would certainly spin in his grave if he knew it was left out of most versions !! It is in this version.The actor who plays Vronsky is superb . The sets are lovely . Nicola Pagett plays Anna with a high strung nerviness that is critical to the character . What a beautiful and talented woman . And the portrayal of Karenin is marvelous ... we see the man with his faults , but are also hoping things can be resolved ... he deserves this , poor man.Levin 's hopes and frustrations with his peasants and farming were also meant to convey something ... Tolstoy included these chapters and thankfully we can see what presaged the Russian Revolution . Important!Alas , many of these things are left out or treated one dimensionally by other film versions . As if an audience is only interested in love stories . Cut to the chase . etc. . Thankfully , the commercial decision makers that control `` entertainment '' in the USA did not have a pudgy finger in this movie . It shows too !
 my favorite greta garbo performance has always been her ` anna karenina ' from 1935 . amazing , and typical of la garbo 's many characterizations of women walking through the FIRES OF HELL for love . such grand passion . i love this film , but i 've also realized that this MGM production is an EXTREMELY streamlined version of tolstoy 's epic novel , so i have always kept on a lookout for a more full-bodied version of ` anna ' for comparison.i 've seen vivien leigh 's 1948 version , jacqueline bisset 's 1985 3 hour tv version , the 4 hour bbc miniseries from 2000 , and even sophie marceau 's 1997 film version ... but somehow when watching these different versions i could not connect to or have any sympathy for the character of ` anna ' ... even though all of the actresses in these versions were first rate.i finally came to the conclusion that it was not really the actresses ' fault , it was in the writing itself ... a two-hour film or four-hour miniseries is not enough time to be faithful to the COMPLETE tolstoy novel or to develop the characters deeply enough.the anna that recovers from her near-deadly illness changes so quickly and is such a different woman in the latter half of the story ... unbalanced , highly delusional . gone is garbo 's sublime descent into madness ... no film has replicated it ... and also , the dramatic arc of the storyline itself seems off to me somehow.however , when i became aware of this 1977 bbc miniseries of ` anna karenina ' i immediately bought it sight unseen!the 1970 's bbc television adaptions of history and literary works are just unequalled in terms of its peerless writing and exceptional acting , sheer greatness ... to me , it was really another ` golden age ' of television back then , just as the american cinema of the 1970 's is considered a great ` golden age ' for film.ELIZABETH R , SIX WIVES OF HENRY VIII , I , CLAUDIUS , UPSTAIRS , DOWNSTAIRS , PRIDE AND PREJUDICE , LILLIE , THE CHARMER , EDWARD AND MRS. SIMPSON and so forth ... i could go on and on . i have made up my mind to collect as many of these programs as possible on dvd.this version of ` anna karenina ' does not disappoint . at nearly 10 HOURS , ` anna ' is a rich tapestry of incredible , intricate writing , and the characterizations are spot on ... every twist and turn of anna 's psyche is well explored , so now , as she slowly makes her way to her final fate , each action makes perfect sense to me ... . the acting itself is stunning ... nicola pagett -LRB- electrifying ! -RRB- as anna , eric porter as karenin , and stuart wilson as vronsky each give sterling , bravura performances ... in every episode there is at least one passage of jaw-dropping acting from these three ... . this time , i really felt for the plight of EACH of these characters.and for those who might think the production itself looks cheesy , i would say
 I could not have been more pleased with the accuracy of this mini-series as it links to the original literary work . The story is fluid , well-told , well-acted and the casting is spot-on . Even though the indoor shots are a bit soap-opera-ie -LRB- a new word ? -RRB- , the cinematography of the outdoor scenes really blew me away -- great film production work ! If you 're too lazy to read Anna Karenina , not to worry ! Just watch this mini-series and you can speak on the original book with great authority . Be prepared for the extreme length of the DVDs but , for me , every moment was priceless . If I have a criticism , it is that the supposed Russians of this film all have British accents -- but one ca n't have everything . A rare insight into human nature and into 19th Century Russian Nobility and Serf culture as well . A wonderful mini-series .
 I rented the entire series of this on Amazon , and hope to buy it now . What a delight ! This series truly brings the book to life . The cast are outstanding , the costumes and decor beautiful , and the pacing of the novel just right . I can not believe this was made nearly 40 years ago . Nicola Pagett IS Anna Karenina -- an incredible actress.Probably because of the massive size of the book , and the usual 2 hour time span of most singular movies , other AK 's do not portray all of the many subthemes and characters in the book . This series does do this but does so in a very smooth , well conceived manor.All in all , this is a very well acted series that will delight you all the way .
 The acting and especially the casting are excellent . The costumes are perfect . So the sets and lighting may look old-fashioned to some people -- it does n't matter . This adaptation was made when the BBC could take the time to give you the whole novel as drama . This is not the two-hour adaptation you 're used to seeing so be prepared for the real beauty , tragedy , and complexity of this novel right up until the last scene .
 I loved this BBC series when it first appeared in 1977 . Perfect casting , magnificent acting and true to the spirit of Tolstoy 's novel . The only disappointment with the 2004 WEA DVD that I bought was the faded colours . Nicola Paget 's unforgettably blue eyes were washed out and the staginess of the sets showed through without intensity of colour to camoflage shortcomings . This series is too good to be deprived a remastering . Neverthelss , I 'd recommend the DVD highly as it 's the best adaptation made so far .
 During the course of my watching this series -LRB- which I watched when it originally aired on PBS as well -RRB- , Amazon charged for it , then did n't charge for it , then again charged for it . -LRB- I a a Prime Member -RRB- . I am not writing to review this , but merely to say THE SERIES IS MISSING THE LAST EPISODE . Most of the episodes are mis-captioned , as well . For example , it says Anna dies in Episode 9 , but this happens at the end of Episode 10 , and then there is no final episode to wrap everything up.If you are unfamiliar with the story or this series , you may think you have seen the whole story as Anna dies , but be assured that this is neither the end of this series nor the novel .
 In Ghosts of the Abyss , James Cameron returns to the watery grave of the Titanic in an effort to let the ill-fated ship tell the story of her own demise . Equipped with space age technology and twin little exploratory robots designed specifically for exploring the Titanic , Cameron and his team manage to take us into rooms unseen by human eye since April 1912 . Not only do you get the theatrical version of this documentary film -LRB- albeit without the 3-D experience offered by IMAX -RRB- , you also get an extended version featuring an extra half hour of material . Most people would just watch the extended version , but I wanted to get a feel for the difference the extra footage makes , so I watched both versions back to back . I was actually rather amazed to discover that the extended version is ten times better than the original - basically , all of the best material was left out of the theatrical release.I have to admit I found Bill Paxton , the de facto narrator of the film , rather annoying at times . As he freely admits , he is n't really qualified for this type of deep-sea mission , and his giddiness and nervous humor tend to grow old pretty quickly . Like most people , I just wanted to see footage of the wreckage , not a chronicling of Paxton 's anxiety over traveling to the ocean floor . I did enjoy the glimpses provided of the other crew members on the expedition , however - they are an interesting assortment of scientists , filmmakers , historians , and Russian seamen.Ghosts of the Abyss does succeed in showing Titanic in all of her mysterious glory , and the underwater footage makes this film well worth watching . The footage obtained from the two submersible vessels floating around and above the ship is breathtaking , but the true magic happens when two specially-designed robots , Jake and Elroy , are guided -LRB- remotely -RRB- down into the ship herself . The bots move in and out of individual rooms , giving us glimpses of Colonel Smith 's bathtub , ornate windows -LRB- still intact -RRB- from the main dining room , personal effects of passengers still lying where their owners left them , etc. . This allows the filmmakers to further personalize the visual experience . For the first time , we are able to move down into the bowels of the ship herself and see , for example , the area where the firemen lived , worked , and died . The best footage of all can be found only in the extended version - only here , for example , can you travel down into the steerage section of the ship for the very first time . I was very surprised to see that this important and unprecedented footage was cut out of the theatrical release . If you 're like me , you are also are curious about the animals you know must be calling the Titanic home , but only in the extended version will you find any footage of these mysterious , ocean-bottom dwellers.Cameron makes extensive use of CGI in order to show the audience what we are actually looking at . You 'll be watching the video footage of a certain location , and then the filmmakers will overlay pictures showing how the room would have looked back in 1912 , and many times transparent , ghostly images are also overlaid over the footage . The intention is to really bring the past alive . It works to some degree , but some may see it as overdramatization . Of course , the bots steal the show . Jake and Elwood are fascinating little gizmos that become our eyes and show us the wreckage of the Titanic as we have never seen it before . One of them adds additional drama to the story by malfunctioning ; the rescue mission is really the most exciting aspect of the entire film.A second disc contains some 50 minutes of interviews and additional footage , most of which is quite interesting . I was very glad to see a feature on the `` cowboys '' who go out to hook the resurfaced submersibles to the surface vessel ; seeing these guys work in turbulent seas is just incredible . You also get to watch a few minutes of one dive 's footage from your choice of six different camera angles - you can switch back and forth between views from the submersibles , Jake and Elwood , and the submersible cabin views . All in all , this is a great DVD package , but it is not perfect . I think all of us would like to have seen more of the actual footage and a good deal less of Bill Paxton , but there is no denying the fact that Ghosts of the Abyss offers viewers the most eye-opening tour available of the proud wreckage of the Titanic .
 Ghosts of the Abyss is a documentary filmed in 3D for IMAX theaters . It takes you down to the actual Titanic site at the bottom of the ocean . It was done by James Cameron , who directed the Titanic movie , but this is pure exploration . They take you to the rooms and places and show you glimpses of the people who were there . The 3D is really what makes it . You feel like you are there . I really liked the way they would merge computer animation with the image to give you an idea of what it used to look like that enables you to really see and appreciate what it looks like now . If you 're into the history of the ship , be sure to check it out .
 Walt Disney Pictures in association with Walden Media have announced the Region 1 DVD release of Ghosts of the Abyss for 27th April 2004 with a retail price of $ 29.99 . This cinematic experience premiered on the large screen Theatrical IMAX format and is the quest by director James Cameron to go back to the resting ground of the actual Titanic equipped with state of the art technology with a team of top underwater explorers and filmmakers . Actor Bill Paxton also accompanies Cameron on this astonishing underwater voyage.On 2-disc DVD Ghosts of the Abyss includes both the 60 minute Theatrical version of the film and a 90 minute extended version showcasing unseen footage , especially made for this home entertainment release . The second disc is entirely devoted to bonus materials.Disc One : Original Theatrical Version
 Being my first time watching a movie in IMAX format , I was truly blown away from beginning to end with this movie . While watching Cameron 's masterpiece `` Titanic '' was chilling from the beginning to the end , his work on `` Ghosts of the Abyss '' was all that and a little more . Being an avid Titanic buff now for over 15 years , it was wonderful to finally see even more of the beautiful `` Wonder Ship '' that has enthralled generations for over 90 years . Anyone else will be hard-pressed to get this deep into the ship and out-do Cameron and his work , considering the rapid deterioration of the vessel . We will never again get the opportunity to see into this Edwardian time capsule the same way again , and we have James Cameron to thank for this awe-inspiring ride .
 This documentary was exactly what I was looking for
 Director James Cameron does everything on a mammoth scale . After viewing this DVD , I wish I had seen the 3-D version . This is an exhaustive search of the remains of the Titanic . The inner portions of the ship are explored with two mini robots and the two submersibles with the director , actor Bill Paxton and the crew members aboard . This is at over 2.5 miles deep . Paxton adds some human humor/drama with the crew , but the real star is the ship . Starting from the stormy surface waters to the calm , eerie depths of the North Atlantic , Cameron leaves nothing out . There are still glasses and plates peacefully resting where they were left on that fateful night . Brass beds lay intact . Particular rooms of celebrity passengers are found with items left as they were . This is miraculous , as the ship spun wildly around in its ' decent , spewing debris everywhere . Stained glass is still intact everywhere and the robot lights cast magical colors and shadows throughout . Cameron puts everything in perspective by frequently superimposing transparent actors dressed in period clothes strolling the deck . These `` ghosts '' add true scale to the Titanic.The 90-minute version adds more information about the sea-life existing around the Titanic with comments from Dr. Lori Johnston . More of the Captain 's personal life is explored as well as life aboard the state of the art research vessel . The ` making of ' feature , `` Reflections of the Deep '' is interesting and includes some more information , but not a great deal more insight . `` The ROV Experience '' is more for the technically minded , but fun to experience . For extras , not much beats this collection , but glorious excess is what James Cameron is all about and he does justice to the Titanic.Footnote
 James Cameron has n't made a movie since ` Titanic ' . His critics have argued that since he won the oscar , he was too frightened to step behind the megaphone again - scared that he could n't top the success of that movie . Well , the critics better start eating humble pie because his long awaited new production is bigger , better and a giant leap in the way that all of his movies have been technically on-the-button and visually amazing.Historically , Jim Cameron movies are big . From the very nature of the stories , the budget and the talent involved in his past productions , his films have always been larger than life . However , none have been as breathtaking as this . From the opening shots of the scientific research vessel powering through the sea to the dark and gloomy abyss of that famous ghostship , Cameron takes you on a journey of discovery , sadness and wonder . The doucmentary -LRB- if I can use that phrase , as the expert cutting and general feel of the piece likens this to a big summer action flick -RRB- tells the story of Cameron 's obvious obsession with the famous sinking of the Titanic . With state-of-the-art technology at his fingertips , he allows us to accompany him as he journeys to the site of the ship , discovering its secrets , and justifying myths and stories.The 3D camerawork is fantastic . You actually feel that you are part of the action . From the soft bubbles of the ocean roaming around in front of you , to the gentle rocking of the sea giving you that ` rocking ' feeling . The score and beautiful visuals are comforting , with a great symmetry running throughout the picture . For example
 Although IMAX movies are traditionally a few dollars more than a regular movie , this one is worth every penny . I was a bit leery of seeing this movie in 3-D as I have not had great experiences with 3-D IMAX movies in the past -LRB- a movie about flying had me running for the restroom -RRB- , but aside from a few opening scenes at the actual launch of the submersible , I completely forgot that I was watching a 3-D movie . Having been a Titanic buff since it was found on the ocean floor , I must admit that this is one of the better `` documentaries '' I have seen on the actual wreakage . Other documentaries show some beautiful shots of the ship , but none help identify the different sections , who was there , what it looked like in it 's glory and so on . The way that James Cameron and his crew cut in actual photos overlaying the wreck and animated different scenes had an amazing , ghostly effect that brought the beautiful ship to life , if only for a brief moment.If you loved the movie , I would also recommend the book , as it recaptures some of the key points in the film , as well as affords some extra commentary by some of the greatest Titanic historians and experts in the world.I hope that James Cameron will consider releasing this film on DVD eventually -LRB- not sure how 3-D will work on regular film , but I 'm sure it will still be amazing -RRB- and even include some of the extra footage that was cut out of the film . If you are at all interested in the Titanic , you MUST see this movie !
 I saw this movie in 3D at an IMAX theater and was completely amazed . The story of Titanic is a fascinating and very sad one . This movie shows the Titanic laying beneath the ocean . It is truly an amazing site.James Cameron does an excellent job here . They go down in a submarine and go around looking at the different parts of the ship . During this , they are imagining what it must have been like at these certain parts and it shows scenes of `` ghosts '' of the people on the ship.It is very emotional and really has you thinking after the movie is over .
 This DVD is Amazing !!! When I was 12 or 13 Years old I happened to see Walter Lord 's A Night To Remember , and THE obsession was born in me . I then read the book , as well as anything else about Titanic I could get my hands on . That was the early 60 's and the thought of finding the wreck on the bottom of the ocean was unimaginable . It just was n't possible and probably never would be . Then , Robert Ballard made his quest and what had only been imagination suddenly became real.Now , with this wonderful documentary carefully created by James Cameron and the Disney Studios we are able to go to the site again and see things never before seen.The photography is superb and cinematography magnificent . The addition of ghostly CGI figures among the ruins is chilling and beautifully done . I was glad to see Don Lynch and Ken Marshall , two of the foremost Titanic experts in the world , taking a major part in this project . Their expertise adds so much . This DVD is a must for any Titanic collection . It is hard to say enough about this experience .
 the wimp baby paxton totally ruins this ecxellent doc.moans about everything then thinks hes in charge.you can see that none of the crew like him at all and wont even talk to him.but thats him a small time crap actor who thinks hes better than he is.anyway brilliant doc by cameron and dont care that he may be hard to work with as people in the abyss terminator 2 and avatar have said . this is why he is one of the best directors around he knows what people want as he wants the same thing.id advise anyone to see this who is fascinated by the titanic like myself.out of all the docs ive seen about this great ship this is the best as it goes deeper inside than anyone elasr has done .
 I am `` all things Titanic '' . I ca n't know enough about this disaster . This documentary is in and of itself another chapter in history . To actually see this majestic ship 's final resting place and explore its remains is awe inspiring . Something I ca n't even imagine . The 3D Blu-ray made it look very real and takes you through some of the dangers and precautions an exploration like this entails . I truly found it fascinating . 3D is without a doubt the way to experience it .
 I really enjoyed the movie , it was incredible as to how the crew were able to manoeuvre the roboticcamera equipment throughout the Titanic . It was so scary and spooky to see through the ship . Itwas hard to imagine what the poor victims went through as the ship was going down .
 Very interesting close up look at the Titanic . The film even kept my children 's interest ! The stories of the ship and the passengers brought the Titanic to life again .
 This video was a big hit with my middle school students - they loved seeing the real Titanic as it is now and learning about the history of the ship .
 I love all things Titanic . I was not disappointed at all in this documentary . One of the best I 've seen . I highly recommend watching this .
 Being a Titanic fanatic , was very impressed with the documentary style of this film . It really shows the intensity of James Cameron as a film maker and his obvious love of his work . I would recommend this film to people that are either fanatics like myself and to anyone that enjoys the story of titanic and shipwrecks in general .
 You will not be sorry with this film ! I absolutely love it and the extended version gives us fans an extra 30 minutes of film not seen in the theater ! I love the way they superimposed the computer generated scenes with scenes from the wreck . It really gives you insight into how it actually looked before the tragic sinking . I love Bill Paxton as the narrator -- I wish he would do a lot more of this type of work . For me , the only part that gets a bit on my nerves is James Cameron -- although , he really does know his stuff . I certainly wish that this could have been so much longer but then I do n't think that even a good 3 hours would make me completely satisfied . I am a self-proclaimed miss ` know-it-all ' of the Titanic and can never seem to get enough , especially with awesome films such as this one !! This is a MUST SEE for any Titanic buff !
 I first came across this work when it was showing at the IMax theaters in Southern California . It is very interesting to all ages because of the technology and how it was accomplished several hundred feet below the ocean.I wanted a video because I wanted my 8 year old Granddaughter to be able to see what I saw when I attended the movie in 2004 . What is left of the Titanic has been eaten away through the years of being at the bottom of the ocean . However , we were able to see some hats and items left on dressers in the various state rooms that had an open door.Ghosts of the AbyssTwo men designed and built what they called `` BOTS '' , small crafts that carry 1 or 2 people lying down with a trailing lifeline . These Bots could then travel through the ship viewing what is left in certain areas.The colors of the ocean down deep are truly beautiful and the detail is explained very carefully by the voices of the two men as they go down into the deep and enter the ship.I recommend this video because of the tremendous information that is shown starting with when the ship left the port in England and traveled to Ireland then across the ocean to where it sunk after hitting the large chunk of ice .
 I really enjoyed this movie . If you like documentaries or anything about the Titanic you will like this movie . I recommend it .
 WOWGreat director , photography . I wish I could book a trip to the Wreck before it rusts away!No mention of human remains !
 For a subject that has been beaten to death by education channels and Hollywood and after enduring the same photos and footage over and over again this feature on the Titanic actually seems to be innovative and fresh . A fair purchase but do n't overpay for it .
 I am a huge Titanic buff , and I really like this movie . Seeing it on Blu-ray is just awesome . I do wish more images were in HD , seems like when they show the view from the ROV that it is just SD instead of HD . Other than that everything else is great quality .
 Had to have it . Wish it were available in 3-D , but ... you do what you can with what you can get . Cameron 's film is magnificent , and I have to mention I really like the 2 robo-cams -LRB- bit parts , but without them ? No film ! -RRB- This is gorgeous work - fascinating on first viewing and every time thereafter . Even kids like it a LOT , although you may have to fill them in on the Titanic beforehand !
 Very informative and really does pick up where Titanic left off ! A must for any Titanic fan or if you just want some knowledge about the greatest ship of all time .
 I enjoyed this historical film . I 'm a huge fan about the things about the titanic and this was no disappointment . It brought the past to life !
 OK , your TV will not give the IMAX experience in 3D but this still has the visual effect . Going back to the Titanic to do a more historical and archaeological study in 3Dis well worth having in your collection.If the movie Titanic kept you interested not by the love story but the ship and its short history , this will give you time to appreciate it !
 This movie was a great teaching tool ! And I was able to enjoy watching it with friends and family who didnt ' know that much about the titanic
 Great 3D `` trip '' to explore Titanic . Excellent 3D !! Nothing like seeing Titanic in realistic 3 dimensions . Highly recommended to Titanic buffs and 3D buffs .
 Great Film . The insertion of people walking the decks once again puts the Titanic in the first person .
 This Movie is stunnung and beautiful . I just bought the DVD and there 's two versions of this movie on disc1 -LRB- the original , and the extended 90 min -RRB- . On disc 2 the special features are AWSOME , and I mean AWSOME ! I highly reccommend purchase of this DVD !
 I am looking forward to seeing this . I have been fortunate to view this in post production . It looks pretty good and more comfortable to watch than it ever was ! Its definitely on pre-order . It will be shown in Real3D . I hope they re-release it in IMAX .
 I LIKED IT ALOT!I LIKED THE MOVIE `` TITANIC '' , MUCH BETTER , THOUGH!BUT THIS PICKS UP WHERE TITANIC LEFT OF !
 Years after the filming of his blockbuster motion picture , director James Cameron returns to the wreck of Titanic . It 's a big expedition with a large research vessel , two deep submersibles , and two ROVs nicknamed Jake and Elwood . Actor Bill Paxton is also along , presumably to help put a human face on the difficulties of making a 12-hour dive down to Titanic laying in her grave 12,000 ft below.I was really surprised by this film . Cameron spares us the usual filler in Titanic documentaries that spend more time on stills of the construction and controversies surrounding the great ship than they do in actually exploring the wreck . But the really stunning thing is the way Cameron blends shots of the Titanic as she appears today with how she appeared back in 1912 . This makes it easier to see how Titanic looked then , and also makes us feel the loss of this then brand-new machine even more . As if this was n't enough , Cameron then places people in the spaces on the ship , bringing home in a dramatic way the magnitude of the loss of life on Titanic . Added to this is a misadventure with one of the ROVs and Bill Paxton 's ever-present anxiety . The result is an absolutely unique documentary . I 'm not sure every single minute of this movie works , but in total the experience is amazing . Extras include a really neat sequence where you can shift which camera you 're watching at any given moment . There 's also a documentary on the `` cowboys '' who attach the lift line to the submersibles . The DVDs include both a 2-D version of the original IMAX 3-D movie , and an extended version that works much better.Ghosts of the Abyss effectively shows the true scale of Titanic herself , and the magnitude of the -LRB- unnecessary -RRB- loss of life as well as the loss of a beautiful ship . This is an excellent movie .
 In 2001 , to celebrate the 90th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic , filmmaker James Cameron -LRB- `` Titanic '' , `` Avatar '' , `` Aliens '' , `` Terminator 2
 I love the Titanic and love watching films & documentaries about the ship and its sinking . This documentary is positively constructed and deals with an exploration team as they travel down to the wreck and explore it . I 've probably seen this about a dozen times . I definitely recommend it to all Titanic fans !
 How I loved the awesome images from the quiet , sacred underwater grave of the Titanic . If only there had been MORE of them . I could have easily watched about two hours of just underwater footage . A mere 90 minutes , even on the extended version , simply was n't enough and I found myself wanting more ! The DVD is a must have for any Titanic buff , simply to have amazing footage from parts of the ship never filmed before . For those who 've seen the DVD ... I definitely DO think that they were looking right at the Renault down in the cargo hold ! Some of this footage of the magnificent wreck site is very moving , and I never even had the chance to see it on an IMAX screen!The crew that went on this expedition was a top notch cross section of Titanic experts , but the Disney folks decided to place WAY too much emphasis on the ever annoying Bill Paxton . Old Bill has a few `` wise '' things to say -LRB- but I 'll wager they were scripted -RRB- . Mostly , Paxton just really gets on your nerves with his dopey comments . Also , I would have liked more of the ship and less of the technical stuff . Like I said , about two full hours of just Titanic footage -LRB- without Bill Paxton -RRB- would have been fine by me.I think I also need to comment on the special effects that overlayed `` ghostly passengers '' on the ship . Although I truly appreciate the technical skills of pulling off these visuals , I really had some decidely mixed feelings insofar as the results in the film . Maybe it would have had more of an impact if I had seen it on the big screen , but it really did n't do a whole lot for me . I can imagine the passengers on the ill fated ship , without James Cameron having to do it for me . A little bit melodramatic and contrived , I thought . Now , the overlays of the actual ship detail were cool and I did like those , because it really helped you to orient yourself , and get a clearer , immediate visual of what the great ship did look like , once upon a time.Definitely worth having for the amazing , once in a lifetime footage of the famous ship ... but it could have been better .
 Let me start off by saying that Ghosts of the Abyss 3D is not an action movie.This might be obvious to most , but I 've seen several people believing it was an action movie based on the coverart -LRB- thinking something along the lines of Ghost Ship or a Pirates of the Caribbean movie -- the only text on the cover reads `` A film by James Cameron ... . Ghosts of the Abyss picks up where TITANIC left off . '' This is actually a documentary James Cameron made where they went back down to see the titanic in person after the movie was complete.The 3D Combo pack includes a Blu-Ray 3D disc -LRB- 60 minute feature in 3D -RRB- , a Blu-Ray 2D disc -LRB- 60 minute feature or 90 minute extended feature + extras -RRB- and a DVD -LRB- 60 or 90 minute feature -RRB- . It 's worth noting that the 90 minute ` extended cut ' is NOT on the 3D disc and only viewable in 2D . Neither the DVD or Blu-Ray -LRB- 2D -RRB- include an anaglpyh -LRB- red/blue glasses -RRB- version . . the only way to watch it in 3D is with the Blu-Ray 3D , a Blu-Ray 3D player and a 3D-Capable TV . The pack does n't include a digital copy or ultraviolet copy but does have a very cool lenticular/3D slipcover.On to the 3D
 It seems like James Cameron is going to be the David O. Selznick of his generation , by which I mean to indicate that both men had to try and figure out what to do next after they brought to the screen the biggest blockbuster film of all time with `` Titanic '' and `` Gone with the Wind '' respectively . Since 1997 Cameron had a hand in creating the television series `` Dark Angel , '' even directing an episode , did a television documentary on an expedition to find the World War II German battleship `` Bismarck , '' and then returned to the bottom of the North Atlantic to revisit the wreck of the `` Titanic . '' `` Ghosts of the Abyss '' was originally a 61-minute IMAX documentary in 3D and is now available on DVD as a 92-minute documentary , without the 3D effects . This is not the first documentary to go back to `` Titanic , '' but Cameron has the resources and the drive to make it one of the most interesting . By now the thrill of just seeing these ghostly images from the ocean 's floor is starting to wear off , so Cameron has to do something slightly more ambitious that voyage to the bottom of the sea . His advantage are the technological toys he brings with him to the expedition , which includes not only the pair of remote-controlled underwater cameras nicknamed Jake and Elwood in honor of the Blues Brothers , but an array of lights that is suspended over the `` Titanic '' to illuminate the scene.Brought along for the ride is Bill Paxton , who know gets to find out for real what it was his character did in the film . Cameron is such an expert on all of this that he leaves the documentary 's narration to Paxton , who surves as a surrogate for us common folk on this underwater journey . Through the eyes of the camera we can see the Tiffany cut glass windows in the ship 's grand ballroom , the settings the telegraph operators used to send out their distress calls , the entrance to the mast that sailors used to crawl up to the crow 's nest , and answer the question of whether the `` Unsinkable '' Molly Brown had a brass or a wooden bed in her cabin . Then there are all the familiar objects , such as hats and glasses , that amazingly remain where they were left by their owners on the fateful night of April 15 , 1912 . As was the case with `` Titanic , '' Cameron uses digital effects to bring the wreckage alive by adding ghostly images of passengers and the way these parts of the ship looked the night it sunk . But as was the case with the maiden voyage of `` Titanic , '' the drama in `` Ghosts of the Abyss '' comes as a surprise . While exploring the interior of `` Titanic '' one of Cameron 's little robots has a major problem and suddenly we are engaged in an deep sea rescue mission . The question is whether Cameron will risk the second robot to rescue the first , but there is never a doubt as to what the director is going to do . Still , he never could have written a story that would be as fascinating as what happens down there among the ghosts of `` Titanic . ''
 `` Ghosts of the Abyss '' is a 59 minute , 3-D , movie to the wreakage of the R.M.S. Titanic with Bill Paxton and James Cameron , Bill Paxton starred in James Cameron 's directed 1997 `` Titanic '' . The viewer has to wear the 3-D glasses to get the effect . Try to sit in the center of the aisle if you see the movie , as you are not suppose to turn your head in order for the 3-D to work . The movie is dedicated to Walter Lord , -LRB- RIP -RRB- , whose book `` A Night to Remember '' was made into the 1958 film starring Kenneth Moore and it is the other `` Must See '' movie about the Titanic . `` Ghosts '' is about as near to exploring the remains of the ship , 21/2 miles beneath the surface , as most of us will get . It 's very expensive , and can only be done in July , Augest , and early September , weather permitting . Also , the ship is rapidly rotting away . The film uses two robot submarines , -LRB- named `` Jake '' and `` Elwood '' -RRB- , that were invented by James Cameron himself to film the interior of the ship . Although it may sound phoney , `` Jake '' and `` Elwood '' seem to have real personalities , almost like Star Trek 's `` Data '' . They show parts of ship , that would be too risky to film , as shown in the movie , when one of the robots gets caught up in the wreakage , as well as being under a falling `` rusticles '' debris avalanche . Bill Paxton is supposed to be `` everyperson '' when he gives his thoughts looking at the ship , but , he can be a bit tiresome to listen to . For example ; while he 's inside the submarine , he expresses his worries about going to the wreakage , outside the sub a diver , -LRB- in a wetsuit -RRB- , is getting drenched hooking , and unhooking , the vehicle to a cable that puts it in the water , and then brings it back on board the mail ship . Film of the Titanic underwater today has footage of the movie `` Titanic '' added on to it . For instance , we see the remains of the ship 's brige , as well as footage of the actors portraying the people as they reacted to the iceberg warning , as though it was the night of April 14 , 1914 . Something happened durning the making of this movie , that I wo n't give away , but , it is a shock to the viewer at the time it occurs . I saw the movie at a regular movie-plex wearing corrective glasses . I am sure I would have enjoyed the film better at an IMAX theater , but , the nearest one is 150 miles away . I also wear corrective glasses . A person who has 20/20 , or who wears contact lenses , would probably enjoy the film more . In my opinion , it 's a tragedy that the lookouts on the Titanic did not have any binoculars , probably due to some stupid mix-up . History would doubtless turned out different . Try and see this movie , but if you can , view it at an IMAX theatre , if there 's one nearby .
 I am Titanic fanatic and have been ever since I was a little girl . James Cameron 's Titanic came out when I was 13 and yes I was one of the many who went to see the film over and over and over ... Ghosts of the Abyss came out 4 years later-I was in high school and ended up going to see it with my grandma and brother at the Imax -LRB- 3D format -RRB- . As a whole , this film is one of my favorites . I love James Cameron-thanks to his film Aliens-and I was excited to learn more and see more of the Titanic . Bill Paxton joins him on the Russian ship Keldysh and journeys to the bottom of the ocean to explore the Titanic.The only thing I do n't like about the film is the fact that it was filmed for 3D viewing but was n't released with the 3D format . Maybe a re-release when the 3D televisions are a bit more popular?Great film , wonderful director , excellent cast!I can not wait for this to come out on bluray in 3D !
 The camera work is outstanding . For anybody interested in the Titanic this is a must see .
 I was fortunate to see this in 3D version at the Omni Theatre . I would love to be able to get the 3D version and watch that at home , but the content and the way historical recreations of that tragic night are super-imposed on the video of the actual wreck does an excellent job of connecting the past to the present .
 I 'm pretty much obsessed with Titanic and other shipwrecks . This movie was very cool . Nothing was taken from the wreck and it provides a great view into something that we will not be able to see anytime we want .
 Excellent and informative documentary . Underwater filming was beautiful . My daughter loved it .
 Follow director James Cameron as he dives into the deep ocean dephs to find the famous shipwreck that is the TITANIC . Cameron 's film shows footage that has never been seen before . Watch Cameron and his crew dive all the way to the ship that was supposed to be UNSINKABLE . Cameron takes you on a jouney that you will never forget ! He and his crew take you to the Grand Staircase , Molly Brown 's State Room and other places that have not been seen before . When James Cameron and his crew are exploring the Titanic they end up loosing both of their robots that go inside the ship . They eventully find their robots and return to the surface from exploring the greatest shipwreck of all time !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 In the recent Titanic SE , James Cameron during the commentary found that many of the sets and things designed for the deep sea exploring at the beginning looked `` pretty darn accurate '' to the real wreck . With this film we see just how close the actual ship resembles his recreated luxury liner . For those of you who loved the action stuff , look elsewhere . This is purely for people interested in the history and the sinking of the ship.Bringing along long-time friend and frequent co-star -LRB- out of 5 films , he 's only not in 2 -RRB- Bill Paxton , James Cameron goes down to the infamous ship that crashed and sank in 1912
 `` Ghosts of the Abyss '' documents the 2001 expedition of the Russian research vessel Keldysh to explore and film the wreck of the R.M.S. Titanic where it has lain on the ocean floor since 1912 . Director James Cameron , whose fascination with the Titanic appears undiminished since the success of his blockbuster film , joined a team of historians , scientists , engineers , and cutting-edge technicians on this first-ever attempt to penetrate the wreck . Actor Bill Paxton accompanied the crew and narrates most of this film . The crew is transported 2.5 miles into the ocean 's depth in a pair of deep-sea submersibles , Mir I and Mir 2 . Two small , maneuverable `` bots '' , designed by Mike Cameron , take us inside the decaying shipwreck . The ship 's exterior is illuminated by Medusa , a huge ROV containing a bank of lights that was positioned just above the wreck.The images of the Titanic itself are extraordinary , especially those inside the ship . It was probably a mistake to superimpose modern reenactments on them , however . Bill Paxton 's narration is poor . The occasional commentary by James Cameron and Charles Pellegrino is better . The modern technology used to transport the crew to the ocean floor and capture these images is interesting , but begs for more knowledgeable and organized commentary . So does the wreck , itself . The screen is too often cluttered with multiple images , which are difficult to discern . Basically , `` Ghosts of the Abyss '' is a poorly produced documentary on an interesting subject . But it 's worth seeing for the cinematography alone , which is why I 'm giving it four stars . Dubbing is available in French , and captioning is available in English.The Extended Version
 ghosts of the abyss is the best titanic documentary ever released ! i absolutly LOVE this movie , and i am so glad it is finally coming out on 2-disc special edition DVD !!! Yes !
 I wrote in my eariler review of `` Ghosts of the Abyss '' , the movie probably would have looked a lot better at an IMAX theatre , instead of at a local movie-plex . Here 's how to find the nearest , -LRB- if any -RRB- , IMAX theatre to your address . Go to -LSB- website -RSB- That will show the street/avenue locations of all the IMAX theatres in the USA . If you live outside the USA , perhaps they can help you find a nearby IMAX theatre . IMAX looks great , especially when it 's a awesome film , such as `` Ghosts of the Abyss '' .
 I did n't get the chance to watch the documentary when it was in Imax theatres so I jumped on the chance to own it on DVD . I 'm a big fan of the Titanic tragedy and this film satiated me for the most part . Beautiful views of the bow , boilers , private promenade , etc. . I was let down by the focus on Bill Paxton and his reactions to what he was seeing . It was a nice element to show a regular guy 's reactions to first seeing the Titanic but after that , I could have done without . For instance , a minute of footage was burned on Bill Paxton 's need to urinate into a bottle . Seriously . So , for that reason I have to give less than perfect at
 What made this so interesting was the march of technology - New was a huge light -LRB- requiring another ship -RRB- called Medussa that was lowered 12,000 feet over the ship . They also had digital recreations on the wreck of the original structure superimposed ... The bridge -LRB- among several areas -RRB- came to life when they used this digital recreation.They also brought 2 remotely piloted robotic cameras named Jake and Elwood -LRB- Blues Brothers fans I would assume ! -RRB- that took you into the interior of the ship.There was some sadness even today when you saw a woman 's still laced shoe and realizing that the body was long gone ... This is one DvD that does n't stay in the shelf long - I have watched it repeatedly.And I saw the tie in to Cameron 's 1997 movie when I realized that this Russian deep sea exploration ship was the same one they used in the 1997 movie ...
 This DVD will appeal to fans of the sinking and others will find it only interesting . The strengths of this DVD are the fantastic photography and the overlays of actual pictures of the ship and recreations of events -LRB- the ghosts -RRB- acting out some of what happened . -LSB- For historical accuracy , many of the actual photographs are probably of the Titanic sister ship as the actual ship was not fully recorded photographically . -RSB- One really gets a good understanding of where the photographs were taken within the ship and those photographs are remarkable . This is a much better dive record than the previously released National Geographic ` Secrets of the Titanic ' . I found the second DVD in this set unnecesary but fans will find it useful . Those who have an interest in the fate of the Titanic will want to add this to their collection .
 I found this dvd excellent ! Bill Paxton presence and natural reactions were thought provoking vs. being a purely scientific presentation . There certainly was plenty for Cameron to do as well as some very real risks in this production . I feel this was a greater personal achievement than making `` Titanic '' the movie . Having no less than 3 hurricanes above water as well as diving 12,500 feet where 1523 lives perished certainly gives one pause ! Having personally been to sea in grave weather on an oil tanker gave me a better perspective than sitting as an armchair reviewer . This is a remarkable dvd ! I also recommend Titanic The Complete Story my first Titanic set given as a gift for Christmas , as well as Nat'l Geographics Midway and PT109 explorations all of which are available through Amazon ...
 On Buena Vista Home Entertainment 's release of the James Cameron documentary ` Ghosts Of The Abyss ' the studio has hidden some additional feature that is not immediately evident.Insert the second disc of the DVD set and on the Main Menu highlight the menu entry ` Reflections From The Deep . ' Now press the ` Left ' arrow key on your remote control and the handles of the Marconi apparatus will be highlighted . If you press ` Enter ' now you will get to see a reel of outtakes from the production , some of which are quite funny , especially the cheese sandwich set-up , so make sure to check it out .
 First a disclaimer
 makes this an absolute must . As has been noted , the way Cameron presents each area is extremely well-done , and never ever boring . Some seems hokey at first , but then you realize it was done to humanize the ship even more than it already has been , and in a toally positive way . You find yourself wishing for even more . But I have to agree with what others said -- there 's way too much Bill Paxton . I 'm sure he 's a nice guy and all that , but I bought this to see the ship , not him . The extras disc is pretty decent , too , especially if you 're into the technical aspect of the expedition . Easily the best Big T footage available .
 I am a very serious Titanic Buff . I saw the Imax 3D Version of This in 2 theatres . Las Vegas and Rochester , NY -LRB- My Hometown -RRB- . Here 's the real scoop ... Disney/Imax chose not to release this in 3D because of synch problems in Imax Theatres . I too experienced bad synch in both Theatres 2000 miles apart . This must have been a common problem . For my Money producing the DVD NOT in 3D was probably a wise choice for Disney to avoid any home problems which are usually compounded with the lack of proper home equipment . The DVD is sensational . The Underwater shots and inside the Titanic Video is simply incredible and breathtaking . Highest Recommend ! ******* There is a French 3D version available which is also excellent but I only recommend this for serious 3D buffs who have Shutter Glasses and their 3D home system in order . Contact me for more info on where to get this in 3D . posters@magicentertainment.com
 I think if this film had been approached as a record of the extensive exploration of the wreck of the Titanic , it probably would have been enough . This exploration was far more extensive than any other previous exploration and quite possibly any sense . Using submersibles and bots -LRB- a robotic that could enter and maneuver within the confines of the ship and send distinct images back to the submersibles and presumably the mother ship -RRB- , details about the ship 's interior that were known as well as previously undocumented information were recorded . I was enthralled with the fine detail of unbroken stained glass windows and water glasses still waiting for a cabin 's occupant . By contrasting actual images of the Titanic as it existed on its final voyage with current images in its murky grave , one gets the impression that there were things about the Titanic that survive despite its devastation and destruction . The photography 21/2 miles beneath the Atlantic 's surface stands as testament to the enormous loss of life that came with the sinking . The contrast of the odd beauty of the decaying Titanic stands in stark contrast to the fact that the wreck is a symbolic as well as actual graveyard and monument to a disaster.On the flip side , ghostly images are projected over the remains of the wreck accompanied by somber music , with a few exceptions as when the crew is dealing with the two bots Jake and Elwood . If there were no cheesy musical accompanment or ridiculous ghostly apparitions , this film is absorbing enough to stand on its own merit . The overall effect of merging the doc with the dramatic overtones trivialized the film to a certain respect and gave me a feeling that this movie was heavily scripted.Overall , just for the photography and images this is an excellent film and would be 5 * worthy if it were n't for the presence of the dramatic stuff .
 When I saw Disney in the opening credits , I became instantly alarmed that this may not be a Titanic documentary but more some sort of cutesy kid-oriented story that would overshadow the incredible footage . To some extent , that 's true - it would be more aptly titled `` Bill Paxton ruins a deep sea dive to The Titanic '' since the combination of his corny dialog and overacted nervousness is as eye-rolling as his performance in the actual film . They even close with him hamming up some line about the ` ghosts of the abyss ' . But despite this setback , you 'll never see more compelling , detailed , original and genuinely incredible footage of the great ship than in this film . The specially designed camera rigs -LRB- not mentioned at all in this film but covered elsewhere -RRB- are the most hi-tech and high-resolution recorders ever placed at this depth . The custom lighting ship called Medusa -LRB- also barely mentioned -RRB- provides illumination almost impossible otherwise at this depth . The quality of the images are similar spectacular to the point where I rewound constantly to review the footage.So overall , it 's a 5-star unique experience but minus a star for making us endure a thin narrative to get to the good stuff . I would definitely have watched two hours of unedited raw video over anything shot above sea level .
 An OK change from having to watch the movie Titanic all the time . Kept my young son interested for the most part , but then , he LOVES the Titanic . I thought it was a bit on the boring side , myself .
 I saw this at Imax in 2007 and it is so awesome to see exploring history in this way , especially after touching a part of the Titanic and seeing artifacts that were recovered . Very emotional and touching .
 The DVD is as advertised - excelent condition . I really liked this DVD when I saw it in 3D and even in 2D it 's mesmerizing
 I absolutly loved this movie when i saw it in the IMAX theatre ! I am so excited that it is coming out on DVD ... and also that there are extremely awsome special features and 2 discs ! HIGHLY reccommended for Titanic buffs and people who want to watch something that is actually worth watching !
 Amazon.com does not allow websites to be listed in a review , so if you want find an IMAX theater , look up
 Ghosts of the Abyss -LRB- James Cameron , 2003 -RRB- -LSB- Note
 This film has a preface that it is fiction , and though the writer David Leland was inspired by a book by Cynthia Payne - the infamous British Madam - this is not the story of Cynthia Payne . The disclaimer is repeated at the end , and then we see that the production consultant was Cynthia Payne . Perhaps there was a legal necessity for Madam Payne and the film-makers to provide this escape clause , since the film 's madam , named Christine Painter , was charged with possessing obscene material for gain and running a brothel . What makes this madam 's brothel different is that Christine 's clientele is gentlemen over 40 with a taste for kink , though the bondage and discipline we see is very mild . You would have to be extremely prudish to be offended by such behaviour . What makes these scenes so funny is how ordinary the customers are , which only reinforces the hypocrisy of the laws that consider prostitution a crime , and the insight the `` tarts '' have into men 's sexuality . I loved the line `` When the balls are full , the brain is empty '' , and the madam 's argument that wives would never be wanting for anything as long as they kept their men `` de-spunked '' . As Christine , Julie Walters delivers a brilliant comic performance . She is a no-nonsense uppity woman , constantly in motion , who has never cared for sex but enters into the business for economic reasons . The ads posted in a shop window are deliberately double entendre-d eg large chest for sale , french polishing available . Walters looks surprising voluptuous here though as she becomes more successful she starts to resemble a drag queen . When she attends her sister 's wedding , there is a confrontation scene with her father , and we see what a fool he is for not appreciating her . Director Terry Jones came from the Monty Python group but it is to his credit that the humour is not juvenile or in poor taste . Walters does have an odd scene where she is suddenly in an exotic location and spying on a couple having sex , another where a revolving camera glorifies her romantic fantasies , and the circumstances of a missed `` normal '' date hint at that old chestnut that whores are doomed to die lonely . But overall the tone is light and positive . Special mention is made of Shirley Stelfox as the stern `` Nanny '' , and Danny Schiller as the maid with an undetermined sex .
 A witty , if sometimes oddly coy attempt by director Terry Jones to re-create the eventful career of `` luncheon voucher madam '' Cynthia Payne . The wonderful Julie Walters was an ideal choice to play the role of Christine Painter , a prostitute who always has her eye on bigger and better things . Julie Walters puts in an extremley effective and enduringly fascinating performance as she displays different dimensions to her character . Walters heart was in the right place and carries the film convincingly . The fast , witty scripts race along with Walters always sparkling in every scene and is given superb support from Shirley Stelfox as Shirley and Danny Schille in the role of transvestite , Dolly . Its jolly approach almost encapsulates the naughty seaside postcard humour of the Carry On films and infact the last half hour of the film where the police begin raiding the brothel Walters is running could easily be titled Carry On Whoring . Whilst the sad aspects of prostitution is merley glossed over the film on the whole stands as an excellent comedy , packed with superb performances and fast , furious scripts . Cheerfully British !
 My review will be brief which in no way reflects the enthusiasm I have for this film which brilliantly shows a side of the sexual scene heretofore unbeknownst to me . While presented with wit and humor , the unusual sexual preferences are also treated with dignity and a certain tenderness . Always excellent , Julie Walters -LRB- of `` Educating Rita '' fame -RRB- exceeds even herself as she cleverly portrays the marvelous madame in this apparently true story .
 Loosely-based around the infamous London madam , Cynthia Payne , PERSONAL SERVICES is a delightfully-dirty comedy about `` kinky people '' and the woman who decides to meet their needs . Christine Painter -LRB- Julie Walters -RRB- is a single mother struggling to keep her son in a private school , working in a greasy cafe and renting out rooms to prostitutes to help keep up with the schoolfees . When one of her renters suddenly walks out of the job , Christine decides to replace her , catering to the fetishists and those who require a more ` personal service ' . She 's joined by her best friend , dominatrix Shirley -LRB- Shirley Stelfox -RRB- and their maid Dolly -LRB- Danny Schiller -RRB- who hides her own little secret . . Director Terry Jones -LRB- `` Monty Python and the Holy Grail '' -RRB- has a fantastic time with the assortment of characters and the screenplay by David Leland has some wonderful moments of comedy and pathos . As an actress and comedienne , Julie Walters never fails to deliver , and in her performance of Christine Painter she is marvellous . PERSONAL SERVICES is a comedy I heartily recommend .
 you 'll enjoy the movie far more if you do . This movie is based on the real life of a prostitute turned professional dominant in England . I like that the main character is human and not a shallow prodom as is common in movies and tv shows claiming to show the kinky world . I think the movie shows the gritty reality of such work because we see her work her way up , adapting to a worldview that she did not have previously , and frankly providing a safe space for a variety of people to explore their sexuality and kinks . There are n't tons of beautiful bodies here to look at because that is not the reality of the scene community or even the prodomcommunity . Yet we the viewer feel like the main character grows to appreciate the kinks even if she never shares them ; I never feel that she does regardless of the fate that she makes friends with several clients . Its a great way to generate discussion in a BDSM organization or maybe even get you and your partner discussing things .
 PLEASE RELEASE IT ON DVD IN THE US!Julia Walters and the rest of the cast , blow apart the idea that kinky people are any different from the rest of us . Somehow the message I always get from this film is
 My favorite film of all time . I see that it was FINALLY released on DVD in the UK in July 2003 . When is it coming on one of those shiny plastic disks in the US ???
 Other reviews have sung this film 's praises quite well , but I have to add my voice to the chorus . The dialogue is delivered fast and very British , so you have to pay close attention the first time -LRB- almost like watching Absolutely Fabulous -RRB- to catch all the slang . But oh my god , SO worth it , and worth repeated viewings . There are so many classic scenes to treasure ; and Julie Walters chews the scenery so bad , I doubt there was anything left of the set when she was done . Add to Walters a top-notch ensemble cast that clearly had a blast creating this masterpiece of humor together . I am praying for the day they decide to do a US release on DVD ; so far , the DVD is only available in Britain.Police officer
 I actually did not even know what dowsing was when I sat down to watch this fascinating hour long film . The techniques , examples , and facts surrounding this process are interesting and far more detailed than I ever expected . I was almost thinking of a rain dance type of phenomenon and it was very specific and detailed . The reverence for it is well deserved . Good movie to watch for entertainment and historical value . Lots of educational information .
 Here is a fun western about two real-life friends who rode for the Pony Express , Buffalo Bill Cody -LRB- Charlton Heston -RRB- and Wild Bill Hickok -LRB- Forrest Tucker -RRB- . They 're up against a nasty villain -LRB- Henry Brandon -RRB- who is trying to delay California statehood.Those were great days for our country when the Pony Express ran from Missouri to California . the Butterfield Stage ran from St.Louis to San Francisco , from Memphis to Fort Smith , and across Texas to Santa Fe . Then came the first trans-continetal railroad connecting 690 miles of the Central Pacific line to 1067 miles of the Union Pacific line .
 I REALLY ENJOYED THE MOVIE VERY MUCH . I LOVE WESTERNS AND HISTORICAL MOVIES A LOT . I ALSO HAVE LIKED CHARLTON HESTON VERY MUCH .
 Charlton Heston & Forrest Tucker play off each other very well . The good old Westerns are the best ! Rhonda Flemming is a great `` set decoration '' but gives a romantic addition to the movie . The starting of the Pony Express & how it operated is a wonderful history lesson to those who do n't know it even if it is by Hollywood 's `` old '' standards of history ! Highly recommended !
 I first saw this movie when I was a small boy in the early 1950s . In fact , it is the first film I recall having seen Charlton Heston in . I loved the movie so much I went home and made a crude set of wooden pistols and wore them just like he wore them in the movie . Over the years I have seen the film at least 20 times . If you are looking for a history lesson on the pony express , forget it . This movie is so far removed from historical fact the ghost of every real pony express rider should have risen up and demanded that the movie 's title be changed . But for pure western movie entertainment , it 's a very enjoyable film . I just wish Paramount would release the movie on DVD .
 this is a very lively telling of the origins of the pony express mail routes , full of action , indians , stagecoaches et al i could even cope with the really irritating charlton heston , the female stars , the beautiful rhonda fleming and the plain but feisty jan sterling are what give this movie its edge.sterling has the slimmest waist ever seen on the screen !! The real suprise after looking for a copy of this movie for many years is that olive films have released a perfect colour print , crisp clear and vivid , which make it a joy to watch . . as is their other recent western release `` the jayhawkers `` in short if you like colourful action westerns its well worth the money .
 I remember watching this movie on television on Saturdays and Sundays when I was growing up . Now , it 's finally coming out on DVD . It 's always a pleasure to watch the legendary actor -LRB- Ben Hur , The Big Country , Planet of the Apes , The Ten Commandments -RRB- Charlton Heston at work . While it might not be historically accurate , this movie does pay tribute to those early days of the Pony Express and the hardships that the riders encountered . Buffalo Bill -LRB- played by Charlton Heston -RRB- and Wild Bill Hickok -LRB- Forrest Tucker -RRB- join forces to establish a mail route that can get mail from St. Joseph , Missouri , to Sacramento , California , in ten days . Along the way they must battle bad weather , hostile Indians and cunning outlaws intent on robbing the mail and shutting down the entire mail delivery operation . The supporting cast -LRB- Forrest Tucker , Rhonda Fleming , Jan Sterling -RRB- are excellent and help make this movie exciting , enjoyable and fun to watch .
 What a fun exciting western with Heston playing Buffalo Bill Cody and Forest Tucker as Wild Bill Hickock . Great technicolor cinematography that has many well composed John Ford type shots make this movie beautiful to look at . The movie dramatizes the begining of the pony express with a California leaving the US subplot . . I do n't know how accurate the story is , but I was entertained.Jan Sterling steals the movie as a lovesick tomboy ... what a performance !! Heston is really good in this movie ... he actually plays his part with some humour . . something he did not do in a lot of his roles . . He shows he can really handle a horse in this movie ... in fact my 2 favorite Heston roles are this one and the role of the tough ranch foreman in The Big Country . If you like high quality westerns , this is a must have .
 this is an excellent movie excellent performances from all the actorsas a matter of fact this product was excellent in all areas i will do moretrading with you people in the near futureyours faithfullymalcolmevans6@hotmail.com
 Just an over all good western with plenty of star appeal.Great scenery.A descent transfer.Good story line.If you like a good family film , then saddle up and enjoy this western ... support your favorite artists ...
 A suave story about the conquest of the west with the avid gunfighters being on the side of the good exterminating the evil , but a beautiful one too . Charlton Heston is a very convincing Buffalo Bill and Rhonda Flemming is at the peak of her beauty . They have not demanding roles to interpret anyway . The action is adequate to meet the fans of colts and winchesters expectations , spread evenly throuhout the movie . In other words it 's an exemplary western of the good old times .
 I enjoyed the movie and feel it is a classic western . Charlton Heston was superb in the role he played and it was very exciting .
 i was about 12 yrs old when i first saw this movie , blew me away with the special effects . . but i could n't understand why he would say `` open sesame '' until later years when i saw it on television that they said `` open says me '' wow i felt like a doop . . but when this dvd became available , i jumped on it . . the acting is great and jon hall was a very good hero of course maria montez . . oooo lah lah ... anyway if you wish to be entertained well this is the movie for you . . enjoy it . oh , andy devine is just that devine . .
 I purchased this ALI BABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES blu-ray and have marveled at the restoration of this 68 year vintage film . There is something really special here and it represents more than just a ` transfer ' to blu-ray . While maintaining its ` vintage ' look , the picture quality of this transfer is so stunningly beautiful and the definition is so detailed and razor sharp , that it just has to be seen to be believed ! Maria Montez and John Hall have never looked better . I get excited every time a ` classic ' or ` vintage ' Hollywood movie gets a release to the Blu-ray -LRB- or HD streaming format -RRB- and given the top shelf treatment - and here 's the reason why : It is no small secret that the film stock of tens of thousands of old Hollywood classic films has/is literally crumbling in the vaults and are in desperate need of restoration before they are lost forever . In a fabulous article titled
 `` Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves '' is just another movie about the orient as seen by the west . Just like `` Arabian Nights '' , which was also a universal picture , `` Ali Baba '' have a shallow plot , but it 's full of colors and that what make these movies a feast for your eyes . There is an exquisite feeling about these 40s Technicolor Arabian tales that is n't found in other movies . Now compared to `` The Thief of Bagdad '' , `` Ali Baba '' will definitely loose because `` The Thief of Bagdad '' have a well developed plot in addition to the amazing effects for a 1940 movie , although it lacks the colorful imagery which is found in the universal movies!All in all , if you want to escape the stress of your daily life for a couple of hours , grab one of these movies and enjoy !
 The 40s gave us lots of wonderful ` escapism ' action movies and this is one of the best . The characters , colorful action sequences and light story line provide lots of entertainment . Among the ` eye candy ' characters is a young Turhan Bey . He later moved on to main character roles before disappearing entirely . Then he came back in the 90s to appear in movies and tv episodes ! Maria Montez was a beauty who was gone too soon and I later enjoyed a tv series with Jon Hall as ` Ramar of the Jungle ' .
 The plot is thin , and the acting could use a lot of work , but this was basically a Saturday afternoon popcorn-muncher back when it was released . If you 're looking for classic cinema from it 's day , look elsewhere.On the other hand , if , like me , you watched this as a kid on a Family Classics type of Sunday afternoon movie program , you 'll find everything you loved here in all it 's technicolor glory!Maria Montez is gorgeous , Jon Hall is heroic , the bad guys are bad and the good guys are great ! And it 's all done in some glorious , beautiful color , which has survived the trip to digital extremely well .
 I chose this movie to show to my 6th grade Enrichment Class . I was worried the students might not think it was good , since it was old . But they loved it . It was shown during the time I was teaching the Muslim Empire . It was pretty accurate in some parts and was a good entertaining movie .
 For a long time I had this film on a NTSC LaserDisc and has been a big hit with me , now I have it on a DVD it was again a joy to watch , but to my even more enjoyment it has been release on a Region B Blu-ray disc and I will soon be purchasing it , as it will look even more exciting and stunning on that format.Although it is an old film , it still stands the test of time and because it was filmed in Tecnicolor , the colours look even as good as it was filmed in the 21st Century , so if you enjoy a good and exciting Arabian Adventure , then you should have this in your collection.Mr . Andrew C. MillerLe Cinema ParadisoWARE , England .
 this is another excellent movie made during the golden years of hollywoodwith a good star cast in it i would also recommend this to all those who likegood action movies
 ALI BABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES -LRB- 1944 -RRB- aka Al&iacute; Bab&aacute; & los 40 Ladrones -LRB- Action/Adventure , 1 hr 27 min , Technicolor -RRB- Universal - U.S.A.DIRECTOR : Arthur LubinCAST : Scotty Beckett , Turhan Bey , Andy Devine , Jon Hall , Frank Puglia , Kurt Katch , Maria Montez -LRB- As
 I thoroughly enjoyed this film . Although it 's a bit formulaic and predictable , it was never-the-less a lot of fun to watch and I 'm happy to have it in my collection . A great Saturday afternoon kind of film . Get the popcorn going and invite the family to join you !
 Great to see an old classic . The movie arrived by the date promised and I look forward to future purchases from Amazon .
 It was all that I expected . I got a lot of enjoyment from watching it as well . I wanted it for an event I was going to , and it worked out perfect . Plus my nhusband and I got a good laugh out of it .
 Pleased to have bought this rare -LRB- still in original celo wrap -RRB- tape . Very good service which was appreciated . Quality of the tape also excellent .
 This was a great espace movie.I only wish that they would release more movies such as this with Maria Montez in the starring role !
 I received the DVD sealed and on time as promised . the instruction were great and so was the Movie . my entire family thank you for you quick service and delivery of this movie ... kevin
 Back in the 1940s , Jon Hall and Maria Montez carved out their own little niche in cinema by teaming up for a handful of nifty fantasy and action adventure films -LRB- Arabian Nights -LRB- Universal Cinema Classics -RRB- , WHITE SAVAGE , COBRA WOMAN , etc. -RRB- , these under the Universal Pictures banner and featuring elements of sword , sand , and sandal . ALI BABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES , coming out in 1944 , simply exudes this aroma of `` remember when '' and showcases Jon Hall at his most dashing and Maria Montez 's lovely exotic looks . We just wo n't talk about her acting.Interestingly , the film does away with the traditional magical trappings -LRB- excepting one enchanted phrase -RRB- and instead places this story in actual historical context , sometime in the 13th century . Driven back by the conquering Hugalu Khan 's swarming Mongol hordes , the Caliph of Baghdad and his child Ali suffer the foulest of betrayals . The Caliph loses his life in an ambush , but the boy Ali slips away and goes into hiding . Stumbling in the desert , Ali meets and comes under the protection of forty far-ranging thieves . In the thieves ' cavernous hideaway den , Ali Baba grows to young adulthood , at which time he sets out to overthrow Hugalu Khan and regain freedom for his people and also , in his spare moments , maybe win the heart of a beautiful princess -LRB- who , by the way , is bethrothed to the Khan -RRB- . There 's a warm place in my heart for these spirited old-fashioned adventures on the big screen , stuff that I used to thrill to as a hyper kid on those lazy Sunday afternoons . In watching Hall and Montez 's films the audience came to nurse a certain threshhold of expectation . The acting came and went , with Jon Hall mostly serviceable as the male lead , and I do n't know that these two demonstrated that much of a spark together , despite the flowery dialogue -LRB- `` Strange are the fortunes of war which placed a thief beside the Khan 's beloved . '' -RRB- . But , somehow , Universal kept pairing them up in these things , and it worked . ALI BABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES belongs to that era when rugged horse-riding thieves sang songs and no one made fun , and the rousing score rose to a crescendo every fifteen minutes or so . There were the colorful exotic costumes and the fancy stilted script and the promise of high adventure in far away places . The sword , the sand , the sandals . As a kid I loved the derring-do in the desert , the sword fight clashes , the daring rescue at the market place , and that old Trojan Horse trick . I hissed at the despicable villains and even had a soft touch for the corny romance , of which origins spooled back to Ali 's early youth and the pledge he made to a young princess . Back when I saw this decades ago , even comedy relief Andy Devine seemed to blend in as Abdullah , one of Ali Baba 's stalwart thieves , although , nowadays , it 's a bit jarring , hearing Devine 's distinctive catchy-croaky-drawly voice trying to do justice to lines like `` Me , Abdullah ? The Terror of Bagdad , nurse to a whimpering infant ? '' It 's also kinda funny that Ali 's henchmen tend to pronounce his name closer to `` Ollie '' than `` Ali . `` But , mostly , I look at this movie now , thru old decrepit eyeballs , and I brush aside the flaws . Mostly , I remember the fluttering crimson kafiyas and powder blue robes of the forty thieves and the ringing cries of `` Open , oh sesame ! '' as they once more seek sanctuary inside that treasure-laden cave . Hall and Montez 's movies never attained the heights ofThe Thief of Bagdad - Criterion CollectionorThe Adventures of Robin Hood -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB- , but neither were they meant to . New generations of viewers will look at ALI BABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES and may dismiss it as nothing more than a dusty old cinematic relic . For me , though , it 's a savory cup of nostalgia and the memories it jolts back remind me of just how good I had it when I was a kid .
 The DVD transfer is very good . The original Technicolor is well preserved . The detail is all there and the richly colored costumes show up just as brilliant as the first screenings of the film.The evil leader of the Mongol Horde , the Haluga Khan -LRB- Kurt Katch -RRB- overruns Baghdad with the aid of Prince Cassim -LRB- Frank Puglia -RRB- . The good Caliph -LRB- Moroni Olsen -RRB- is killed but his son Ali -LRB- protrayed later in adulthood by Jon Hall -RRB- escapes to find the secret cave of the 40 theives . He is immediately taken in by Al Baba , the older , who adopts Ali , hence the name Ali Baba . 10 years later , enter the Lady Amara -LRB- the beautiful Maria Montez -RRB- . Ali falls in love with her thinking her only a slave girl . Meanwhile , Amara'a father , Prince Cassim , has offered Khan the lovely lady 's hand in a political marriage . Ali Baba , now leader of the 40 thieves is determined to free the Lady Amara and drive the evil Khan from Baghdad.We see some incredible horsemanship from the 40 thieves as they ride through the streets of Baghdad at breakneck speed . We also see that these are singing thieves as their song proclaims they steal from the rich and give to the poor . We get dancing mongols waving sabers and a great sword fight between the thieves and the mongols . Humor is supplied by Andy Devine as Abdullah , 1 of the thieves.There is some mild violence , no gore or graphic violence so a little parental guidance is probably needed for kids under 7 but kids 7 to 13 should enjoy this film very much . Parents too!High recommendation for
 -LRB- Action/Adventure , 1 hr 27 min , Technicolor -RRB- Universal - U.S.A.DIRECTOR
 Hopefully Universal will do an official , remastered release of this title soon -LRB- let 's hope `` Arabian Nights '' sells ! -RRB- . Until then , this is a very nice transfer of an un-restored but very clean Technicolor print . Missing only the open and closing titles -LRB- and Sabu , who is listed on the cover art and does NOT appear in the film ! -RRB- , this is a well-crafted piece of escapist adventure , with Maria Montez in full Technicolor bloom -LRB- and giving what is for her an above-average performance -RRB- . Snappy direction and an able supporting cast made this a delightful purchase . Now , Universal , how about `` Cobra Woman '' ...
 `` OPEN , OH , SESAME `` the tales of the arabian knights , the stories of Ali Baba , the beauty ofMaria Montez , this was a motion picture that i first saw in the 1960 's . along with a double bill of Arabian Knights , or something like that , alsostarring Jon Hall . Jon Hall , famous for `` Ramar , of the Jungle '' , so i ` man eclectic collector . i know what i like , and what i enjoy .
 I had a VHS copy of this movie I had taped off the TV a long time ago . I was happy to find this South Korean import -- the only DVD of this movie that is possible to obtain . Overall the clarity and quality of tranfer is good . Definately a far better improvement over any VHS version.The movie itself is full of action and very entertaining , espesially for a 1944 movie . The colors are nice . I noticed that outdoor photography at night tend to be a little dark - probably from the movie itself and the usage of dark filter while shooting in daylight to stimulate nighttime . Other than that , indoor scenes are beautiful and bright as well as outdoor daylight scenes.Overall , It is not a perfect edition of the movie , but it is the only DVD version of it that I know that is obtainable for a higher price -- that is until Universal Studio decide to do a special restoration and release it on DVD sometime in the future?I rated the movie itself 5 stars , the transfer 3 for missing opening and ending credits .
 This is in color and in perfect condition , remember its before Robin Hood and if you go way back as a kid growing up in Brooklyn this is for you this high quality movie ... kevin
 This is another pairing of Maria Montez and Jon Hall in the Universal series of Arabian Nights-type action and adventure films . The plot is slight -LRB- who cares ? -RRB- but we have the most gorgeous Technicolor ever , with the babelicous Maria Montez ! The music is quite good , and the overall effect is quite a handsome film . I recommend it for nice escapist entertainment . I hope Universal Home Video releases the rest of the Hall/Montez series -- they are well worth your viewing time !
 I 've always been a huge fan of Arabian Nights tales and no matter what age you are they always provide -LRB- even if it is only for an hour and a half -RRB- a much needed release from the stresses of life . Those exotic tales of far away places populated by beautiful damsels in distress just waiting to be rescued by dashing princes seem to have always been favourites with general audiences of every decade too . Certain performers such as Sabu and Turhan Bey are automatically associated with this genre of film making however on the `` B '' movie level one of the most loved screen teams in this field in the 1940 's were Maria Montez and Jon Hall . Paired in a number of colour filled and exotic escapist yarns far from any reality audiences would ever know , they were the perfect medicine for wartime audiences trying to escape the harsh realities currently being played out in the real world . Maria Montez had the exotic looks that combined perfectly with the very masculine and virile appearance of Jon Hall and despite the limitations of each 's acting skills the pair struck an immediate cord with audiences in exotically titled films such as `` Arabian Nights '' , `` White Savage '' , `` Sudan '' and especially in their biggest hit together `` Cobra Woman '' -LRB- badly needing to be released on DVD ! -RRB- . Here we have one of their best teamings in Universal 's lavish `` Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves '' made right at the peak of their popularity and it 's easy to see from this production the great faith that Universal Studios had in this acting team . It is a wonderfully lavish production filled with grand sets , a stirring musical score , breathtaking costumes and hundreds of extras all rolled up in a hugely enjoyable romp never for one moment to be taken seriously which is the best way to enjoy it . I have a great affection for this childhood favourite and this superb `` Universal Backlot Series '' DVD release of the film certainly does it proud.The storyline as in most of these tales is pure hokum of course which is partly what makes it such fun . After being driven out of Baghdad when his father the Caliph of Bagdad is ruthlessly betrayed and killed young Ali -LRB- Scotty Beckett -RRB- is forced to flee and finds refuge with the famous `` forty thieves '' who have a treasure filled cave as their headquarters and are determined to drive out the Mongol Khan -LRB- Kurt Katch -RRB- who is inflicting terror on their country . Ali grows to manhood -LRB- transforming into Jon Hall in the process ! -RRB- and he sets out with the help of the forty thieves to revenge his father 's death by ridding Baghdad of the evil Khan and winning back the hand of his childhood friend , the beautiful Princess Amara -LRB- Maria Montez -RRB- who has been tricked by her traitor of a father into marrying the Khan against her will . Real Saturday matinee fare is the best way to sum up the appeal of `` Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves '' . Of course no one in the cast looks even remotely Middle Eastern -LRB- gravel voiced Andy Devine playing an arab thief called Abdullah ?? -RRB- and everyone looks a little too well scrubbed for a story taking place in the desert but put the logistics aside and you are sure to be swept away by this rousing tale . Maria Montez certainly earned her famous title as `` The Queen of Technicolour '' in this epic and by the time this film came along she and Jon Hall , aided by Turhan Bey in another of his exotic roles , were a well oiled team who combined perfectly together on screen.Universal 's new DVD line being released under the title `` Universal Backlot Series '' is proving to be sensational in bringing some very obscure and hard to come by movies from the 1930 's and ' 40 's back into the spotlight . Although `` Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves '' has been previously released on DVD , this new edtion is really wonderful and a definite improvement over the older release with great care taken on the overall restoration of the film . Colours seem much brighter and vivid and the rousing musical score has never sounded better . In fact the film as presented on this disc could n't be faulted as it looks like it was made yesterday . The only drawback to this DVD release is the sad lack of any extras to make this deluxe presentation complete . I would have liked for example to have seen a documentary prepared about the screen team of Maria Montez and Jon Hall and the impact they had on audiences in the 1940 's complete with some biographical information on both performers as well . I 'm also a big fan of the wonderfully talented Turhan Bey and I feel he is also long overdue for a proper retrospective on his highly successful career in Universal 's fantasy and horror films throughout the 1940 's . This would have made another great extra for inclusion on this disk . Despite this short fall however all lovers of these Universal fantasy films like myself should be very pleased here and the obvious care that has gone into restoring the film makes me hope that more of the Montez/Hall teamings , especially the camp classic `` Cobra Woman '' will see a DVD release sometime in the near future . While not acting `` Oscar '' material `` Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves '' is great escapist entertainment and it 's excitng to see the film returned to all its gaudy technicolour splendour in Universal 's new DVD release in their `` Universal Backlot Series '' . Enjoy !
 aka Al ? Bab ? & los 40 Ladrones -LRB- Action/Adventure , 1 hr 27 min , Technicolor -RRB- Universal - U.S.A.DIRECTOR : Arthur LubinCAST : Scotty Beckett , Turhan Bey , Andy Devine , Jon Hall , Frank Puglia , Kurt Katch , Maria Montez -LRB- As
 Feed is directed by Leonard who also brought us cyber-crime flicks The Lawnmower Man and Virtuosity . In Feed , he explores the world of Feeders & Gainers.Alex O'Loughlin plays Michael Carter , a Feeder who films feeding women online and tracks their vital stats for placing bets as to when they will die . Det. Jackson -LRB- Patrick Thompson -RRB- finds the website and decides to track down Carter and prove he is a serial killer despite the fact the women are voluntarily fed.I suppose the film leaves the notion of killing by weight gain up for debate . Both men have valid arguments while neither is truly right . Carter argues that he is helping the women by not judging them and allowing them to take whatever shape they want . He states that the ridiculous ideal woman in America now is an androgynous , hairless , waif that resembles a -LSB- ... -RSB- boy . Det. Jackson argues that since the Gainers eventually die , it is murder . We would prosecute someone for starving another person , then why not for over-feeding her?Another interesting contrast between the two men is their relationships with women . While Carter is perceived as a serial killer and therefore the Bad Guy , he showers the women in his life with attention and love -LRB- even the overweight ones -RRB- . Det. Jackson is very hypocritical in his notion of saving women considering the abusive relationship he has with his skinny girlfriend.I feel Carter is the perfect villain . He is sweet , handsome , and charming . He is a stranger you would trust talking to on a street . O'Loughlin plays the role well and can effectively sway from debonair to downright creepy.Now to the gore ... . I was disgusted in a way by the film . While there are scenes of overeating and food fed by a tube down a throat , these actually did not bother me . In fact , I was amused by the song , `` Yummy , Yummy , Yummy , I 've got Love in my tummy '' played to a woman being fed multiple burgers . What I was disturbed by were the desperate women who equate food with love . As long as the Gainer is getting food , she is happy . Even when the truth is revealed at the end , the women do not care . They would rather eat and kill themselves , than stop and anger the man they love for fear of being alone.The ending was perfect . I felt it was going in a certain direction , but I was pleasantly surprised . It is a warped variation of the Good Guy wins scenario . All I can say is , Feed Me!Bottom Line
 Wow ! I stumbled across FEED thinking it was some type of schlock exploitation film of the Fat Admirers subculture , and it probably is that , but it is so much more . It has to be the most intelligent , engrossing film I have watched in a long time . The film uses shock to make you question your world and beliefs . It forces you to look at body image , sexuality , criminality and ultimately love in bold new ways . What really struck me was the way that it force-fed its audience the need to question their notions of consent . From the opening sequence of the two German men that the previous reviewer mentioned , the film twists the rhetoric of `` My body , my choice '' to levels I still ca n't resolve . Deirdre 's complicity with her situation is especially well-portrayed by the actress.The films ' smartest moments derive from the blurring of boundaries between `` perverts '' and people obsessed with policing said perverts ' `` desires . '' As the previous reviewer mentioned , Phillip often seems more of an antagonist than Michael . The final scene is just brilliant
 Ok ... I just have to say , that this is the most riviting movie I have seen in a long time . It was a total gross out , made me sick to my stomach at a few points ... but could n't look away . Alex gave an amazingly twisted psychotic performance . The really blonde hair was a nice touch to his look . It made him so pale , he looked almost albino . Very striking.He really has quite a range as an actor . He is just not some hot guy on Hawaii Five-O . He is the real deal . I have an enormous amount of respect for him as an actor.I was wondering what the heck he was cooking up and force feeding the women . And , the reveal is horrific , terrifying , sick , and ... amazing . This is a brave movie . It makes you squirm ... its unpredictible and uncomfortable . Its a huge change of pace from the horror movies out there and the predictible rom-coms and the generally banal American cinema.The feeders/gainers thing is for real , they just put a spin on it.This movie makes a point about a lot of issues , so I can understand why the film makers wanted it out there . Got ta hand it to them . . very brave.Only point of contention was the score was a bit loud at points and I coudl n't hear the dialog very well . Had to keep backing it up . You do n't want to miss one word or one second of this movie . And , guaranteed ... you wo n't ever forget it .
 Synopsis
 The Plot Stupid . The Acting Are they Kidding ?? The Sex Weird ? Sick Factor 10 . . I Loved Every Ridiculous Minuet Of It ... SteveI Have An Aunt Who Has Been Over 600 For Years And Years . Its True They Bring Her The Food , But Thats Because She Has Control Of Everyone . Not the other way around . She Lays In Her Bed And Runs Everyones Life . . I Think Thats How Most People That Are That Big Are They Have To Be Manipulative To Get The Food . .
 When I discovered Alex O'Loughlin on Moonlight on TV in 2007 , I immediately collected all of his work on DVD . FEED is the first one I bought , and I absolutely love it . Alex is a brilliant talent and has an incredible range , showed off beautifully in this film . Alex came up with the topic of `` feeders and gainers '' , a subculture that I did not know about , and he did months of research on it . He co-wrote and co-produced and is quite proud of his work on this movie , as he should be . This film is different and exciting , and the dark humor throughout is fantastic.The entire cast is outstanding - Gabby Millgate is wonderful as Deirdre , the `` gainer '' to Michael 's `` feeder '' , played by Alex O'Loughlin , and the two of them play off of one another so well . It is easy to see that Gabby is a comedic actress . Patrick Thompson is perfectly cast as the Australian cyber-cop who travels to Ohio to uncover what Michael is up to on his website.I was so impressed that this movie was filmed in 28 days and on a very limited budget . Not only is Alex 's portrayal of Michael Carter amazing , but you will be so impressed by his American accent . You would NEVER be able to tell that he is Australian and has quite a strong accent when not playing a role that calls for a different one . I have seen him do several , and they are all impeccable.This film is extremely well written , the acting is award worthy , and you will want to watch it many times over . Each time I see some little thing that I missed before . For people watching the DVD for the 1st time , I would recommend that you watch some of the extras first - the interview with Alex and also FEED in Filly , and audience question and answer session after the movie premiered in Philadelphia . Alex is quite proud of not only the movie in general , but also the fact that he did all of his own stunts , notably the leap off of the balcony . You will be impressed when you see it.Another thing I love about FEED is the soundtrack . The use of classic pop songs was a fantastic idea , and seeing Michael do his little dance to `` Itsy Bitsy Teeny Weeny Yellow Polka Dot Bikini '' is worth the price of the DVD alone . Buy FEED and enjoy - you will be so glad that you did !
 I read about FEED in the latest issue of Fangoria magazine and it immediatley interested me.The premise is this ; An Australian detective with a knack for capturing internet cyber-porn/murderers discovers a website based in Ohio , USA . It is called feederx.com and basically shows a man who videotapes himself feeding seriously obese women who want to be fed to 500 lbs , 600 lbs , 1000 lbs ... After discovering that viewers place bets on how long until the women will die from their feedings , he travels to America in hopes of stopping this deranged man.What happens soon after his arrival is ... intriguing to say the least.Now , Fango quoted this as the sickest film in years or something like that so I took that as truth , but in reality I would disagree.FEED is no more gross or disturbing than SAW or SEVEN . There was almost no bloodshed , and the gore that was shown was saw only with a shaky camera -LRB- meant to show the character 's panic I assume -RRB- . The sickest thing in the film was the force-feeding of actual fat via funnel and tube , but still not bad enough to make me turn away.But even though the squimish-factor was n't as high as I had anticipated , I did enjoy the relationship between the detective and `` feeder '' , especially when it came to their definitions of what a sociopath was ... good stuff . The ending was also very enjoyable.I 'd recommend this to any horror fan and anyone looking for a quick thriller with a gross-out factor .
 I thought that I had seen everything until I saw this movie . This is one twisted movie and a very good movie at that . It is a mystery and a thriller/horror all in one . I throughly enjoyed this movie right up until the end credits . It had me on the edge of my seat the whole time . Like I said , it is a must see to believe . The only complaint that I had about the movie is that the music was waaayyyy too loud at times to hear the dialogue . But other than that , I recommed this movie to anyone that wants to see a `` different type of genre '' horror film .
 Only website this movie was availableVery happy able to purchaseAlex O'Loughlin favorite actorHard to find his movies & TV stuff in stock
 I discovered Alex O'Loughlin last year with reruns on SyFy of Moonlight and immediately became fascinated not only with his devastatingly sexy good looks , but also with his unbelievable acting talents . I was hesitant to watch `` Feed '' because of its content , but I am so glad that I finally did . When one gets passed the first stage of shock and then revulsion -LRB- yeah , it 's pretty graphic and not for everyone -RRB- it is actually a fascinating and disturbing study of a little-known fetish . Alex 's dialogs -LRB- brilliantly delivered -RRB- about consumption , body image , and love were nothing short of riveting and thought-provoking . I applaud Alex and the entire cast and crew for having the guts to write , produce and film this movie . It really was brilliant and a must-see for Alex fans - it clearly showcases his acting versatility with the multi-layered character of Michael Carter who can be adorable and charming one minute and morph into one of the creepiest and horrifyingly disturbing characters ever on screen . With a bigger budget and production schedule , many of the flaws that can be seen could have been worked out . It did n't come off as a horror flick to me , but rather an uncomfortable , creepy , quietly disturbing film - I definitely lost some sleep after viewing it . The interviews with Alex -LRB- OMG , he is SO gorgeous and was that EVER a really special treat ! -RRB- , cast and crew along with outtakes , the premiere , and other features on this DVD were a wonderful addition to the background info on the creating and making of this movie . Since I did purchase this from Amazon -LRB- as I did all of Alex 's other works -RRB- for my Alex collection , I ca n't wait to show it to others , see their reactions , and have some very lively discussions on this . Did I love the black humor and the soundtrack ?? I really did and I 'm smiling now just thinking about it . Listening to those pop-culture , favorite songs will never be the same ever again !!!
 The best thing about this movie is Alex O'Loughlin . Not only is he fun to look at but this man can act . It is so apparent in this film.I would have never considered seeing this film if it had not been for him . The producer was smart enough to see that he had a goldmine in this young and ambitious actor . I am sure he is kissing Alex 's feet right now . He is breathtaking to look at , even with his bleached blonde hair.Alex is going to be one of the finest actors of our times and this movie is a good example as to why . He takes a rather disjointed story and turns it into something to pay attention to . I simply fast forward past the other scenes that do not include him and watch him do his magic.Alex fans , watch the interviews and extras first before you actually watch the movie . It makes the whole thing easier to watch . Alex makes Michael Carter a memorable , hypnotic character and the reason to have this film in your library .
 This was a great , very different type of horror story ... and it 's most definitely a horror story . Great acting . Do not show it to someone who is anorexic or bulimic . They might get worse . It 's enough to throw anyone off their ... FEED . LOL !
 This movie is like a train wreck
 After discovering Alex O'Loughlin on Moonlight last year I was so impressed I immediately began to collect his previous work . I bought FEED first , and it is one of the best movies I have ever seen . Alex came up with the concept of `` feeders and gainers '' and did months of research on the subculture . He co-created , co-wrote , co-produced and starred in the film , and his portrayal of Michael Carter showcases this Australian actor 's incredible talent . His American accent is impeccable , and I have never seen an actor capable of expressing so many different emotions without ever having to say a word.The entire cast is outstanding - Gabby Millgate plays Deirdre , Michael 's `` gainer '' . She is a comedic actress , and she and Alex play off of one another so well . One thing I love about FEED is that it is a psychological thriller , but there is so much humor in the movie as well . If you like a bit of comic relief in your dramas , FEED has plenty of it . Just listening to Michael 's rants to Phillip , the cyper crime specialist -LRB- played by Patrick Thompson -RRB- who is the so-called protaganist of the film is a delight . Michael may be considered the `` villian '' of the story , but by the end of the movie , I was so taken with his character , I was cheering him on . If there was ever a character who would be considered an `` anti-hero '' , Michael would be at the top of my list.Some of my favorite parts of FEED are in the extras on the DVD - the deleted scenes , interviews with Alex and the producer , etc. . I would recommend that anyone watching this DVD for the first time watch the extras first , especially the interview with Alex , where he explains how he came up with the idea of `` feeders and gainers '' and how he brought it to film.The soundtrack is wonderful - I will never hear `` Cherish '' and `` Yummy , Yummy , Yummy '' again without thinking of FEED , and seeing Michael 's little dance to `` Itsy Bitsy Teeny Weeny Yellow Polka Dot Bikini '' is worth the price of the DVD all by itself.I am impressed by the fact that this movie was made in 28 days . It is realistic , thought provoking and highly entertaining . The Australian film industry is apparently small compared to the American industry , but in my opinion , they do amazing work . Since seeing FEED I have watched other movies that Alex made before coming to the US and other Australian films as well - they have incredible talent in all aspects of filmmaking.After watching FEED check out the alternate ending in the extras . I would love to see it used as the opening scene for a FEED 2 . Buy FEED - you will be glad you did .
 I am not the person logged into here , I am the wife ... I purchased FEED because I am desperate to see Alex in any film at all since Moonlight went off the air . . it is the last DVD of his I purchased and with hesitation . I was surprised at how much this movie interested me , and freaked me out at the same time . I would recommend watching the clips of interviews with Alex and the other actors before watching the movie . It tells how the movie came about . . I was amazed to learn that this really exsists in the world ... I know ... but I never thought about it before . When you realize that and then watch it changes the way you view it . I say this may not be for all ... but I let all my friends watch and and even my 75 year old mother -LRB- she asked to even after I told her what it was about -RRB- They all were shocked but most of all they all LOVED seeing Alex. . even if his hair was blonde . I hope he is in something soon or all of us will wear out the few items we have to pick from .
 Feed is a fictional story based on fetishes known as feeders and gainers . The actors in this movie are phenomenal , yet it 's like passing an accident on the freeway , you can not help slowing down to look , though at the same time you hope everyone is alright , and when you see a tragedy in graphic detail it 's rather haunting . Alex O'Loughlin who plays one of the main characters in this movie and helped write the plot is magnificent in this role , and at the same time you find his acting abilities truly believable . So if you like a mental shakedown , this movie will definitely bring about that morbid curiosity we all suffer from , and shake you up as well . It also points out certain eating disorders that some people suffer from . I know watching this film any appetite I had for food dissipated rather quickly . It 's definitely a haunting film that will stay with you .
 This movie is not for the faint of heart . As a person who has seen lots and lots of horror movies , this movie shocked and horrified me . That is the point though is it not ? I recomend this movie for any hard core horror fan . You will never be able to eat again .
 If you love indie type films and love Alex O'Loughlin 's acting you will enjoy this different film . It can be disturbing in a number of ways because of the unusual subject matter , but if you can get past all that and watch the characters develope and try to understand that there is very little differences between the two main characters you will love it , in an odd way ! I believe Alex is one of the best new actors emerging on the scene today and he really makes you believe he is Michael and he owns the screen when he is on it ! ...
 Definitely a ` Johnny come lately ' here ... I read the previous reviews regarding this film , and I 'll admit my expectations were less than high . However , I simply can not understand the criticisms made . I am drawn toward `` difficult to watch '' films . And this certainly makes that grade . But so much more . It was original , very well done , and actually got better as it went forward . It had a true independent spirit . I was totally taken in , which is what I would think a film like this would want to provide . I will say that I actually liked the alternate ending on the DVD . Maybe the `` american '' film viewer in me , maybe because I really liked Jack Thompson having the last word . Just because I 'm crazy about him as an actor . But I would be remiss in this review to not give extreme credit to Alex O'Loughlin , Patrick Thompson and Gabby Millgate as top notch in their roles . Such an exhausting film . It 's a big world out there , and Australia has given us wonderful films , and wonderful actors . This will become a part of our university library collection , and also part of my personal collection ... and I buy very few films for my personal library .
 This film offers us something original and differnt . You have a Australian Cops investigating the seedy side of internet porn . When are fellow officer discovers a fat fetish site where men watch a fat girl that is totaly bed ridden in the nude for there fix . They also bet on when the time of death will be for these Poor women . The man who runs this site has a sick fixation for these women which stem from his child hood . He fattens his lovely cyber girls by feeding them with tubes and funnels but whats in the food is something else you will have to see . This movie offers a twisted story line with great surprises along the way . The production is great and the story line will keep you watching . This is a must see movie a real surpise . Very original and very off the wall .
 It has been some time since I have seen a horror film as thoroughly dedicated to trying to make you throw up as `` Feed . '' One clear clue as to this intent is the number of times somebody in the movie throws up or at least starts gagging and covering their mouths while their eyes bug out -LRB- the film 's tagline is `` Can you stomach it ? '' -RRB- . I think it is inevitable that you will be reminded of the death of the glutton in the opening act of `` Se7en , '' only `` Feed '' wants to wallow in the entire idea of death by eating and to link it with sexual fetishism and web cams . There is a world of Feeders -LRB- men who admire fat women -RRB- and Gainers -LRB- the fat women they admire -RRB- , and apparently we can watch it on our home computers for a nominal membership fee.Philip Jackson -LRB- Patrick Thompson -RRB- is an Australian detective who works for an Interpol cybercrime unit Down Under and who stumbles upon a website where voyeurs watch a 600-pound woman named Deirdre -LRB- Gabby Millgate -RRB- being fed . Jackson is repulsed by what he sees , but more importantly he is suspicious , especially when the Webmaster starts blocking his moves on the Internet and the website involves making bets for some macabre reason that is not immediately clear to him . Jackson knows that starving somebody is a crime , and even though his boss points out that hardly means the converse is true , the detective is perfectly willing to be judge and jury on this one . So Jackson heads for Toledo , Ohio , to track down Michael Carter -LRB- Alex O'Loughlin -RRB- in his lair so that they can go toe-to-toe in their battle of wills and deep seated psychoses , never realizing that he is being led into a trap.Millgate 's face and fingers are not built up to match the giant nearly naked fat suit she is forced to act beneath , but you get over the grotesque appearance of her character as you try to understand why she is letting this be done to her . Then again , the line separating Carter from Jackson does not appear to constitute a great distance on the sanity scale . This is one of those movies where the hero is running around like a lunatic , and the villain is the calm voice of reason , at least until you remember Deirdre suspended on her floating bed under the watchful eye of Carter 's web cam . It takes a while for this movie to get all three of the principles in the same room at the same time , but that is when the fun begins.In the end I did not even have to round up to get to a 4 star rating because `` Feed '' works out its end game in terms of its own logic -LRB- no it did not make me throw up , but it is going to claim its fair share of victims unless their finger can out race their gag reflex when it comes to finding the stop button their remote -RRB- . Jackson has tracked Carter to his sick little world and been invited in , and the resolution clearly stays within those parameters . The resolution might be sick and it might be totally twisted , but it is ring true given what has happened . You can always get somebody in a movie , but the question is whether you can get them really good , with all that entrails in the darker regions of your mind where the impulse towards the sort of justice Dante envisioned being parceled out in Hell , and I think `` Feed '' pulls it off on that score . However , it was a close call as the alternative ending , which tacks on a totally unnecessary scene , amply indicates . That would have been a twist too many provided by director Brett Leonard -LRB- `` The Lawnmower Man '' -RRB- and writer Kieran Galvin -LRB- `` Bad Ass Mono-Winged Angel '' -RRB- .
 This movie shows you the reality of fetishes and just how sick some people really are . Feed has a very unique plot and really makes you think about what people do behind those white picket fences . We highly recommend this movie to anyone who likes horror movies , it does n't have a lot of blood and guts-what it has is way sicker than that .
 I am a fan of Alex O'Loughlin since the CBS drama MOONLIGHT . So , I have been on a quest to view other projests of the cast , including O'Loughlin . This one does not disappoint . While there are some flaws withe the script , Alex proves that he can rise above . His portrayal of the depraved serial killer is amazing ... especially considering this was only his -LRB- correct me if I 'm wrong -RRB- 2nd film . There are some graphic sexual scenes and some scenes that are not for those with a weak stomach . But , I can promise you will not be disappointed if you are a fan of Alex O'Loughlin 's .
 This movie reminded me of the classic , well-written psychological thriller . Being a writer , and more a reader than movie buff , I found the biggest redeeming quality of this would-be b-grade film was the exceptional exploration of the darker side of the human psyche and sexuality . Underlying themes
 Had to have it to make up my collection of Alex 's works . But one of those movies that I will probably only ever watch once . But great acting by Alex , just disturbing subject matter .
 I watched this movie because I am a big Alex O'loughlin fan . This made me an even bigger fan - wow , that man can act ! the story was really clever and realistic and I even found myself gagging at certain bits . I even forgot for a while it was actually Alex playing the part of Michael ! With a bigger budget and a bit more time this movie could have been up there with the likes of Seven in my book .
 PowersOMG ! I watched this movie last night . I am pretty much speechless . Still processing it and probably will be for the rest of my life ! I love Alex O'Loughlin . Loved him in `` Moonlight '' ! I own the DVD . There is no denying that he is an awesome actor . Still , I can not believe some of the scenes . `` Feed '' is definitely not a movie for the weak stomached . But if you 're up to it , go for it . It just came in the mail yesterday . I watched some of it again today , as I am still trying to wrap my mind around the entire thing . Some of the scenes will be burned into my memory for a very long time .
 I have been trying to get all the work that Alex O'loughin has done . He is such a great actor . This one is a little strange but he is good .
 i had slept on this film for a few years ... my brother had a copy ... said ... you like extreme , check this one out ... plot and twist at the end was killer and the psychology of the villain is what really blew me away ... the high praise reviews are all true so there 's not much left to be said sept cop this flick !!!!
 It was like watching a train wreck , you did n't want to see it you had to . I like the off the wall , disturbing , morbid and disgusting , ridiculous , but this made a new category all of its own SICK . I love Alex O'Loughlin and this is not his horror vampire norm it is just SICK . If you are faint of heart or stomach or if you have lived a sheltered life for the most part this is not not not for you at all . Having said that it was totally awesome . It has been a while since I was grossed out on multiple levels at the same time . I love it !
 FeedThis DVD is not for the faint at heart . While it was very disturbing in many aspects , again , Alex O'Loughlin , did a supurb job of interpreting the character of Michael .
 This is a shocking movie , but definitely worth seeing if you want material for discussion on what film is or should be about and what its purposes can or should be .
 This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen ! I almost missed it because there was only one copy at the video store thats usually not a good sign but this movie is great . The actors are fantastic for people you never heard of . The ending is one of the best I 've seen in any movie for years . I recommend everyone not only see the movie but buy a copy for close friends and relatives .
 Hardly entertaining story of boy 's childhood perversions leading to a mental state of a serial murderer making living on establishing a gambling site where death dates of obese people fed to death are stakes.It might be watched once to broaden knowledge of dangers surrounding .
 Feed is basically a movie about a guy that feeds morbid obese females and makes them even more fatter ... If you cant take gross things ? Dont bother .
 was very interesting to think there is sick ppl in the world like this love alex o louglin
 found this movie a couple years back and LOVED it ! great movie with a great ending . giv it a shot . everyone i 've shown it to got a kick out of it .
 When I first tried to watch this movie I could n't finish it . I later went back and finished it and let me tell you this is one of the most twisted and sickest movies I have ever seen ! I rate it up there with Hostel .
 Good Lord ! This has to be the sickest film I 've ever seen . It even beats the infamous `` SALO '' -LRB- in some ways -RRB- . It is also very well made in all respects , and a must-see for fans of Mondo movies and the like . Tense , brutally graphic , and way over the top nauseating . I liked it ! I hope this fetish does not really exist . Now when is a good vomit fetish flick coming out ? After I saw this flick , I had two cheeseburgers .
 if you like sick twist people and fat women this is the one . i got this one for both reasons but i got to tell you it 's alot more than you think it is if you never seen it , but its still a good movie ...
 Alex O'Loughlin is amazing in this movie . His role as Michael Carter was phenomenal . Alex is able to change his demeanor several times to make his character believable . The ending is not what you expect .
 I am a big movie buff and like to watch all types from horror to period films , however I do n't think I would have purchased Feed if not for Alex O'Loughlin . I am a big fan and once again he does not dissapoint . Although the movie is disturbing on many levels it stays with you and ultimately makes you think about real love and beauty . I recommend this movie for Alex fans and for those who like movies that make you think .
 Very good movie if you are into horror or Alex O `` Loughlin . Not for the faint of heart or weak of stomach !
 Not since `` 91/2 Weeks '' have I seen such gastronomically satisfying imagery . Most people just do n't get it , they think it 's merely exploitation , but anyone with a brain screwed onto their neck knows it 's a metaphor for America 's love affair with fast food -- yummy , sticky , shiny slabs of mystery meat and indestructible fries . God bless you , rappin ' Colonel Sanders , Ronald McDonald and dead Dave . May there always be happy meals rammed down your gullets in heaven . If there is an alien master race out there somewhere , they 've got this baby spinning on their DVD players and the hope of a `` Feed 2 '' in the works could be the only thing between us and their death ray .
 I could easily put this in the same case that holds my copy of T3 and actually I would be a lot happier . The story for this is way better than the story in T3 . All you really need to do is at the end have the President 's nephew say he is John Connor . -LRB- Spoiler -RRB- In this movie people make machines to watch out for crimes . So everyone in monitored and it is really really hard to do any terrorist stuff . The robots get upgraded and eventually kill off the president , fix votes and slowly take over the earth . So much better than T3 . I 'm not talking effects but I am talking story , directing , acting and what actually makes a movie worth watching .
 Sci-fi `` B '' movie fans are used to taking their passion with a grain of salt -- bad dialogue , cheesy effects and low budgets are all par for the course . `` Eyeborgs '' is occasionally guilty of all these things , but more often than not it is tense , believable , and clever . Very clever . If you were willing to even glance at this review , you should be buying or renting `` Eyeborgs '' right now .
 Adrian Paul was superb in this movie and I HAD to get it when i saw it a year or so ago . Shows how multi-talented he is as a Director and an actor . Very futuristic with surveillance theme . Get it !!
 I liked it a lot ! Sometimes it seemed slow & awkward , but overall it was a very good movie . Do n't let the naysayers of this movie deter you . It is worth the watching . It could have been the precursor of Terminator , but it stands alone still . Only reason it does n't get 5 stars is because Amazon refuses to implement CC . Which I need when they are whispering and during loud action scenes . Boo-hiss-hiss Amazon !
 I just finished this one , I was more than pleased with it.On a scale of 1 to 10:1 -LRB- total crap -RRB- and 10 -LRB- all kinds of awesome -RRB- I 'm giving this one an 8 , because the conspiracy plot of this film really had me .
 Creators went totally overboard conjuring this unbelievable world , where under the disguise of protecting its citizens the government takes shortcuts trampling on basic rights and civil liberties , ending up as a dictatorship disguised as a democracy . To boot all of this is done through the use of media and autonomous drones.The storyline focuses on number of characters who slowly , and mostly by chance , learn the truth behind secretive , high tech security program - ODIN - that was supposed to protect the children and guard from terrorism ... 5 stars because robots are cool
 A good sci-fi movie to watch on a rainy afternoon . The story is a modern day version of Big Brother , where the government is always watching . It leaves some things unanswered which is better than the usual `` tie everything up in a pretty bow '' type movies . Lots of political commentary on where our freedoms in the US might be headed without being preachy , which is what a good sci-fi movie should do.As always , Adrian Paul is hunky man candy to watch . Very good and worth watching compared to so many b-type sci-fi movies out there . The ending left me wishing they would have turned it into a tv series .
 i give this video 4 out of 5 . its not the greatest but id put it right up there with speed and war of the worlds . the only recognizable charachter is Adrian Paul -LRB- Highlander TV series -RRB- and i 've always liked him so he kinda made the flick for me . but all in all , its a good SkyNet style story line and full of action . thanks amazon for making this free with my prime . Prime instant video rocks !
 Adrian Paul definitely makes this movie . He does n't have much of a supporting cast , but the writing makes this movie watchable . With technology these days it is possible to fake an existence . I dug the scream synced up with the scream of the vocalist in the hardcore band near the beginning . That was tight .
 This is a great b movie . It 's a bit political and a little gory but the cgi is extremely well done and the story does n't drag at all . Very watchable and definitely worth owning if you like schlocky b movies .
 I saw Eyeborgs at its premier screening in St. Pete Beach , and it is a fun `` killer robot '' movie wrapped around a moral/political message . If you want to pay attention , you can catch the allegories to real-life situations equally involving privacy of citizens , and trusting the media and government . However , in essence it is a fun movie about robots being used to take over society . An independent film with a very high production value and excellent special effects . The robots , especially the `` Reapers '' are extremely well done . Very good performance by Adrian Paul as the Department of Homeland Defense Agent . I definitely recommend this movie for sci-fi fans .
 I bought the Blu-Ray , thinking I was getting a sci-fi film that I had n't heard any buzz about . It IS a sci-fi movie , but what you need to know , in order to know if you would like it is that it 's really a political commentary . If you took Oliver Stone , Roger Moore , the movie Hardware and Terminator
 I too saw this movie at a premier . I also got a chance to talk with the director and his wife who wrote the screenplay . I 'm not a really big fan of action movies , and this definately had a lot of action , but it was really the dialog that I felt sold the movie . It 's witty , fast-paced and more importantly contained a pertinent message . The cast for the most part were great , especially Adrian Paul . He really made the movie . The special effects were good , the robots were believable . The only thing I did n't care for was the jumpy filming at the very beginning of the movie . It was intentional but I did n't think it was necessary . Either way , it did n't last long and so did n't distract from what was a very good movie . Well worth purchasing , especially if you are a fan of Adrian Paul .
 I rented this movie with no expectations . It was in the new release section with only 3 copies available . I was impressed with this film , because the acting was good , special effects were good , and it had a nice story-line . During most movies you can pause it at any point , and pretty much guess what is going to happen next . Hollywood seems to use the same formula to write most movies . This one was different , and it was a very nice change . This story-line surprised me more than once . I think it makes a great rental , but I do n't think it has much replay value , which is pretty much my point of view on most movies with a lot of suspense .
 This is one of the most thought provoking movies I have seen in the last decade . Every American should watch this film at least once . I enjoyed this film so much that I immediately ordered it on DVD and Blu-ray immediately after watching it as a rental.It takes place in the not too distant future . It is about VERY mobile security cameras that are only supposed to observe . Nothing else . What the public does not know , is that each eyeborg is fitted with at least one weapon . Even the tiny eyeborgs . The movie provides a very realistic example of how technology can be exploited and abused by government . It even quotes Benjamin Franklin
 This is a pretty cool sci-fi thriller . I thought the whole robot thing would take its sweet time evolving ... you know , small robots first , gradually developing in sophistication and menace.However , EYEBORGS jumps right into the fray with all kinds of things happening right off . It 's somewhat of a blend of ideas incorporating alot of stuff that deals with dystopian , who 's watching who , trust-no-one paranoia.What makes it fun is all the references to contemporary politics and current 21st century jitters . The script has these witty inferences flying off the wall , some you catch , some perhaps on a second viewing . There are a few times the movie course takes a sharp -LRB- politically -RRB- right or left turn which keeps events on edge -LRB- and on the fence -RRB- . For Adrian Paul fans this is probably one of the better post-Highlander -LRB- series -RRB- movies that he 's done.It does ` nt stray far from its budget -LRB- somewhat low -RRB- but stays true to a decent sci-fi storyline and overall I found it a fast paced , hip , tweaked sci-fi adventure at 102 minutes .
 What a great movie . super plot well done . Held my attention to the end , and then a chill up my spine as the potential reality of it sets in . Well worth the time to watch it . George Tosky
 Despite having a raging headache , I enjoyed this movie on a Saturday afternoon . The plot centers around a cop , Adrian Paul who 's big idea of robot eyes used to catch criminals gets out of hand . His wife is killed by a criminal that is never caught and these eyes are his idea to prevent it from happening again . However , a Dick Cheney type character gets his hands on them and turns them into a 1984 type monster political machine and well , you see where things go from there . Soon the eyeborgs take on a mind of their own and soon mayhem ensues.For a movie done on the cheap , it was pretty well made . The special effects are not that bad and it is fairly believable . Mr. Paul is still a bit hard to picture without the ponytail and the sword but I got used to it . I got a real kick out of Danny Trejo as G-Man . He is one of those guys that makes a movie as a `` character . `` I can say Eyeborgs kept me entertained and certainly did n't make my headache any worse . Highly recommended .
 This is a solid effort.Hollywood had better be afraid of small production houses that turn out good films.This is one of those films.There was a lot of creativity.If the film had a bit more glue , it could have made a lot of money.Lots of good tidbits , they just needed to be more fleshed out more like Legion.Hats off team ... ; -RRB-
 This film is an enjoyable sci-fi thriller/action movie . On the surface it may appear just to be another technology gone wrong movie , but it may be a preview of sorts as to where the society may be heading.The movie starts out where the `` The Freedom of Observation Act '' has become law in the United States . This law allows the use of `` Eyeborgs '' and other technology to keep tabs on anyone that the government may be of the opinion is a risk to the national security of the country.ODIN -LRB- The Optical Defence Intelligence Network -RRB- is the agency manages the Eyeborgs that have the capability to intervene at a crime scene . However , their full range of capabilites , seem to have been kept from the public.Agent Reynolds -LRB- Adrian Paul -RRB- and his partner visit a potential crime scene with intel from the eyeborgs . It turns out that the target to be executed is the nephew of the president of the United States . From then on the plot thickens to the point where recorded reality starts to change as the Eyeborgs cleverly start to edit and adjust the videos produced.However , a nosey reporter , gets her suspicions up and the eyeborgs go on a campaign to cover their tracks . The action continues as different persons are targeted.There is a lot of tight action sequences and a lot of all out gun battles . The CG work on the eyeborgs is flawless and the acting is quite acceptable.In the end it may leave you thinking , as technology develops , how will it really affect our privacy as well as the freedoms that we now enjoy ?
 After viewing the trailer of this movie I had low expectations of the movie , because the trailer looked kind of cheesy . But , because I love sci-fi movies and the plot looked interesting I bought the movie anyways . After watching the movie I was really impressed with the effects , the acting and the story line . Adrian Paul and Danny Trejo were good as always and Julie Horner was AMAZINGLY good looking !
 Here is a movie that I did n't go into with much as far as expectations go . But , boy , was I surprised . It started off a little slow with , other than Adrian Paul and Barbara Hawkins , who both gave excellent performances , quite a bit of cardboard-like acting ... and , of course , this sort of thing can be expected from an obvious ` B ' movie with ` B ' actors . But by mid-way into `` Eyeborgs '' I was totally sucked in . The robots were creepy as they began to display behaviors involving independent thinking and murderous intent . When characters that mattered started dropping like flies , I realized then that the movie-makers , Fran and Richard Clabaugh , had every intention of creating a creepy and suspenseful flick for all to enjoy . Even with the limited budget , they managed to pull it off too . The CGI effects were obvious in some parts , in particular , where they forgot to add shadows , but overall , they were quite convincing , and after being immersed in the better-than-average , engrossing , political story and plot , the small distractions were unnoticeable altogether . There was a nice twist at the end as well that tied it all up into a nice Sci-Fi movie that should not be missed!If you like Sci-Fi and/or action flicks , this one 's for you!It 's not Terminator 2 , but given it 's limited budget , it still pulled off five stars for me . Bravo to all involved ! *****
 IM A BIG ADRIAN PAUL FAN . I THINK HE WOULD MAKE AN EXCELLENT JAMES BOND . HE HAS HAD SOME ODD CHOICES FOR STARRING ROLES SINCE THE HIGHLANDER . THIS ONE IS IN THE MIDDLE . IT WASNT A POOR CHOICE , NOR A GREAT ONE . THE EFFECTS WERE PRETTY GOOD FOR A MOVIE OF ITS BUDGET , BUT THE STORY COULD HAVE BEEN MORE COMPELLING . IN THE END , IF YOU 'RE LOOKING FOR WOW EFFECTS AND TOP SHELF SCI-FI ... THIS AINT IT . IF YOU WAN NA SEE ADRIAN PAUL IN A MOVIE OF C + TO B QUALITY BECAUSE YOU 'RE A FAN OF HIS ... THEN THIS IS FOR YOU . IT MAY SOUND A BIT WEIRD , BUT THIS SHOW HAS THE FEELING OF BEING PART 2 . LIKE THE MOVIE '' EYEBORGS '' STARRING ADRIAN PAUL WAS THIS REALLY GREAT MOVIE , AND THIS WAS A SO-SO FOLLOW UP OR PART 2 . IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN ...
 Well put together with real history being presented . Very important war history that every american should know about and appreciate .
 I purchased this title as part of my Military History Collection and I was not disappointed . This is a definitive history of US Submarine Warfare with all video from war footage . I would buy it again .
 I thought this was a great little film . There are moments of shear terror mixed in with some purely funny moments that truly took me by surprise . It was a pleasure to watch and I thought Kim Basinger and Lukas Haas did amazing jobs
 I did not know what to expect from this film when I saw it but WOW did Kim Basinger show a different side of her . She is always great in the films I have seen but when she starts taking her revenge out on the boys who are chasing her in the woods she shows us a feral side that I have not seen of her ever . I wo n't give any of the beat downs away but let me say that are truly brutal and the ending was another thing I did not see comingKudos to director Susan Montford for bringing out a side of an already talented actress that has not been seen before , I look forward to seeing more of her films .
 Excellent thriller -LRB- better even on Blu-ray -RRB- . Unexpected twists await as one learns that even the least aggressive and dangerous of people , can react so unexpectedely when threatened . Underrated film , is much better than anticipated !
 I purchased this for my wife for Xmas and she has n't viewed it yet but I know she will love it because it was in our Cart .
 Kim Basinger has portrayed some of the most diverse roles of any actress over the last couple of decades in movies ranging from `` My Stepmother is an Alien '' to `` 91/2 Weeks '' to `` L.A. Confidential '' -LRB- for which she won an Oscar -RRB- . This film let 's her stretch her legs -LRB- literally this time , as she has to perform quite a few action sequences herself -RRB- yet again . While she gives her usual solid performance , this is n't the best movie she 's ever done . The `` gang '' she comes up against is really more of a group of young punks than a real gang , which explains their ineptitude when they to try to kill her for witnessing an accidental shooting they were involved in . I actually enjoyed most of this film . The only part I thought ended up being very predictable was the last few seconds of the film , when she was back at home with her husband . Overall , a good , but not great effort .
 Wow , I just watched `` While She Was Out '' - awesome slasher film ! I 'm definitely going to pick up the DVD for my collection . You should really check it out !
 I loved this movie ! I 'm not usually the type to watch a movie more than once but after renting this I 've been thinking how much I want to see it again . I might just have to buy the DVD for my small collection . Kim Basinger is great and the mood and plot twists in the movie really kept me interested . Check it out , I bet you 'll love it too .
 I Did n't expect to like this movie , but i did . I Dind ' t love it , but it was still good . Im not a huge fan , of Kim Bassinger , but i think she did a really good Job in it . This Lady has 2 Twins , and an abusive Husband , and she goes to the Mall one night , a couple Days , before christmas , and leaves a note on this Crappy looking car , in the parking lot , because they took up 2 Parking spaces . Well , once she gets out of the mall , the 4 Boys , are waiting for her , and start harrasing her , and the parking attendant , comes over to help , and one of the Boys , shoots him in the head , she gets in her car , and leaves , but they follow her , and she gets in a wreck , and she grabs a toolbox from her car , and heads sraight for the woods . Of course , they follow her , because she is a witness to the murder . So the whole movie goes on , and she kills 2 of them in the woods , and finnaly , after a long night of running , hiding , and chasing , it comes down to the final 2 . Her , and the last of the Remaining Dilenquants . and it comes down to the stupidest part in the whole movie , Which i tottaly Did n't get , At All . and the reason why i took a star off , She starts making out with him , and practically does the dirty with him , right in the middle of the woods , after they have been trying to kill each other , all night . WTF ?!!?! Finnaly , She pulls out a flare gun and burns him a little , when she is on top of him , and then shoots him in the chest . So , she left the woods , and was singing christmas carols , down the street on the way to her house , which again , was a part that i tottaly , Did not get , because Honestly , who would be singing after a mass murder spree happened ?? So she gets in her door , and goes up stairs and kisses her kids goodnight , and then shoots her husband in the chest . End of Movie . Well , Overall the Un neccasary Stupidity scenes , i found it to be an enjoyable movie , that i do not regret watching .
 This is one of the best movies I have ever seen Lukas Haas in . He gave a great performance as a thug and he was extremely hot as hell in this . I watch this over and over because of him . I do wish they could have added just a bit more suspense and thrill to the film but Lukas Haas in this one satisfied me enough !!!
 Nothing ever goes right for Della . Her husband is an abusive jerk with no redeeming qualities whatsoever . Her kids leave their toys scattered all over the floor . She has n't been able to give up smoking . Her credit card is no good . Her cell phone battery is nearly dead . Worst of all , it 's Christmas Eve and she 's fresh out of wrapping paper ! And , of course , there 's a torrential rain storm in progress . Della 's problems have just begun though , mostly due to her bad habit of leaving critical notes on the windshields of improperly parked cars . She soon finds herself in the company of an ethnically diverse gang of hoodlums with nothing to protect her but her trusty tool kit.While She Was Out is not a film for those with weak stomachs , but I thought it was a pretty entertaining thriller . The way the story plays out is fairly predictable , though , and some of the scenes are so dark that you ca n't see what 's going on . The DVD has a nice selection of extras , including a commentary track . I would recommend this as a rental if you 're into slasher movies . I would n't suggest purchasing it because it 's not the kind of thing you 're likely to watch more than once.You will definitely pick up a few valuable tips from watching While She Was Out . These are as follows : Always keep a good supply of holiday gift wrap on hand.If you want to avoid damage to your interior walls , try to tidy up the house a bit before your violent husband gets home from work.Make sure your cell phone battery is fully charged before you leave the house.Always pay your credit card bills on time.If you see a car that 's taking up two parking spaces , just walk away from it ... no , just RUN away from it!Just in case you forget any of these tips , take classes in Pilates and mechanics , and keep a well-stocked tool box in your trunk .
 Watch out all you bully men ! You never know when your wife will snap . So she was bored , tired of cleaning , and wanted to have some attention . Did she get it ? Well ... . she just needed someone to push her over the edge . The Plot did need some improvement and was somewhat unrealistic . It is about time a woman can fight back . You go girl ! So lets not dissect this , just enjoy it .
 I saw this film in a packed theatre in Los Angeles . There were THREE times the audience shouted at the screen - that 's a damn good sign for me that people are intent and focused and scared . The reason the movie works is three fold - first it is simple and we have all been there . THIS COULD HAPPEN TO YOU . Second , the director is brilliant in the way she brings you into the story . REALLY subtle and strong at the same time . Finally , Basinger goes for it - she is `` just '' a housewife here but she gives a breathtaking performance . Really impressive feature that is the cornerstone of my library . You 'll enjoy it .
 `` While She Was Out '' is a 2008 `` sleeper '' movie starring Kim Basinger as Della . Della is a housewife that takes a lot of abuse from her husband -LRB- Craig Sheffer -RRB- for not `` being her best '' . This movie takes place Christmas Eve and after Della gets a mouthful from her `` old man '' , she checks on her children and then goes to the mall for some last minute holiday shopping.Once Della gets to the mall she can not find a place to park . She finds two parking spots that are being taken by one car . This really annoys Della and once she finds a parking space she leaves a note on this selfish car about her frustration . While Della is in the mall she is given some reminders why her life is in a bit of a rut.Once she has completed her shopping she heads back to her car and is approached by four punks , lead by Lukas Haas . These punks happen to be the owners of the car Della left the note on prior . Well to make a long story short , the punks accost her and she manages to drive away only to end up crashing into a residential community that is in a pre-construction phase . The punks follow her and the result is a cat and mouse game that transpires between the residential community and a forest.One thing I found interesting about this movie is that Della manages to grab a red toolbox out of her car before the chase begins . I really think this movie should have been called `` Toolbox '' , `` Red Box '' or something of that nature . Once a person views this movie , they might share my opinion.I felt this movie was really good for what it was . A lower budget thriller/horror movie , with a different premise , not totally original , but different nonetheless . Kim Basinger was really great in this movie ; I do n't think I have seen her in anything quite like this before . As for Lukas Haas , this is also a different role for him ; I felt he did a good job . As for the criticism about the `` multicultural '' gang of punks , this really did n't bother me . Is it really that dim that there would be a gang of people from different cultures ? The thought of culture demographics was n't on the brain while I was watching this movie . To quote Depeche Mode , `` People are people '' . As for realism , there were times this movie was a bit over the top -LRB- there was a scene where Della could have been Chuck Norris -RRB- and not everything was totally credible . As a matter of fact , one could say there were even some minor loop holes with regards to plot . In contrast , this movie was only eighty minutes and for the most part provided non-stop entertainment . I also felt that `` While She Was Out '' also produced some tense and creepy moments . This movie might not be for everyone , but if anyone is fond of the classic `` revenge '' movie , then they will love this . Think of it as `` I Spit On Your Grave -LRB- Millennium Edition -RRB- '' meets `` Rambo -LRB- Special Edition + Digital Copy -RRB- '' .
 In the midst of my daily online surfing -LRB- precious time that should probably be spent completing the tasks assigned to me by my employer -RRB- I stumbled across an article about the forthcoming LOTR prequel The Hobbit . Being the sucker for hyperlinked names that I am , I clicked on Guillermo Del Toro -LRB- the auteur behind the new , soon-to-be mega smash hit -RRB- and low-and-behold I was whisked away to the magical paradise we know as IMDB . While reading his seemingly endless list of producer/director/special thanks credits , I realized something
 OK , right off the bat I got ta tell ya that Kim is still looking mighty good as she plays this untalented homemaker in an awful marriage and her fight with local punks as she struggles to return to her awful rugrats.There 's lots of humor injected into the plot which is rather familiar to me after watching the past 30 + yrs of these types of movies but I did find it pretty fun and the 86 minutes went by at a decent pace while waiting for the next death.I was totally won over by the surprise ending and the great choice of ending song by Roxy Music , which I wo n't reveal the song choice here but it 's funny.I went into this not expecting much but I found it much better than many of the movies I see and I will want to see it again somewhere down the line . -LRB- Now that I own the DVD ! -RRB-
 Just got my hands a screener for this film and let me just say this ; you need to see this movie ! Kim Basinger reminded me of why she is one of the best actresses of the last 20 years . I would recommend this movie to anyway who enjoys an on the edge of your seat thriller where a women takes her life into her own hands . Some of the kill scenes are some of the best I have seen in a while , including one where Kim Basinger kills one of the thugs using a tire iron . I ca n't wait to get my hands on the actually DVD of this film and I suggest you check it out as well .
 While She Was Out is a movie about how necessity can provide one with strength . Della -LRB- Kim Basinger -RRB- is a normal mom with two kids . She is on the timid side in her marriage , with a husband that is abusive and controlling . When Della goes for some last minute Christmas shopping , she ends up getting four thugs mad at her . From there , a stressful game of cat and mouse begins that will keep you nervous for the rest of the film.As you can image , for a woman to be chased down by four young guys that are determined to harm her would be frightening enough for anyone . But the odds do not deter Della who just wants to get home and be with her kids . It becomes a battle between self-preservation and hunters on the chase.Once the thugs begin to chase Della , she aggravates us a little because she seems to be trying to get away at a snail 's pace but this only makes it more suspenseful . After evading the thugs from the mall , she ends up crashing her vehicle in a new home development surrounded by dense woods , escaping only with a toolbox . Of course the thugs do n't give up easy and chase her . Although Della looks a little silly running away carrying this little red toolbox there is nothing funny in the way she uses it to defend herself . Although Della is mostly timid , once she is aggravated the banshee in her comes out.While She Was Out is good film to watch if you want to raise your blood pressure , as good thrillers are supposed to do . The movie shows us just how true the expression `` there is nothing more vicious than a mother that wants to defend her kids '' really is . If you like thrillers or are a fan of Kim Basinger , it might be worth checking this one out .
 True to life in many aspects. , , The acting is very good and I like the reality of it . However , the ending was not what I would hope ...
 I purchased this because after I rented it , you could not find it anymore ... I told different people about it and they could never find it ... We liked it ... I do n't know why it was never in a store where you could purchase it ...
 Reading some of the other reviews for this film , I can hardly believe I was watching the same movie . `` While She Was Out '' is , to put it simply , a minimalist noir masterpiece , done with a personal style that is rarely seen in american cinema . Think Mario Bava 's `` Rabid Dogs , '' which like this is a film of unflinching realism , and dark pessimism . `` While She Was Out '' is a slow burning fuse , and it begins to explode at about the halfway mark , quickly devolving into an elegant fantasy of sex and violence -LRB- is there any difference between the two ? -RRB- . If you are going to die a bloody violent death , Kim Basinger is the woman you want to bring it , and she does it in spades , again and again . `` While She Was Out '' is a revenge fantasy of epic proportions , with a skewed psychology -LRB- reversed phallic symbolism of female penetration -RRB- that lesser thrillers can only hope to achieve . This is the one you want to see , and I guarantee you 'll recommend to your friends . Oh , and Montford , del Toro , and Murphy are icing on the cake - top notch stuff all the way around !
 I had a chance to check out this film in its release in theaters in LA and I was n't sure what to expect , but I was very pleasantly surprised by it . Kim Basinger plays Della , a battered housewife who has had enough and ca n't take it anymore . When she is at her breaking point , she runs into Chuckie -LRB- Lukas Haas -RRB- and his band of merry thugs , who intend to rough Della up and maybe worse . They pick the wrong day to mess with her and she is ready to fight back equipped with her trusty toolbox , which makes for some truly memorable and shock-inducing moments later in the film that I wo n't spoil for you.Kim Basinger shows the kind of passion in this role that we have n't seen from her since her Academy Award winning performance in LA Confidential and former child star Lukas Haas -LRB- Witness , Brick , Mars Attacks , etc. -RRB- reminds us that he is still one of today 's best young actors . He turns in a genuinely creepy portrayal as the sleazy , yet charismatic leader of a group of boys tossed aside by society , who only have each other for family.The film is produced by Hollywood mega-producers Guillermo Del Toro and Don Murphy and is written and directed by Susan Montford , who does a fine job of letting suspense build naturally in the first half of the film and then having it pay off in a big , big way in the second half of the film . The film is very reminiscent to me of the revenge/vigilante films of the 70s such as Death Wish , Day of the Woman and other such cool , atmospheric grindhouse fare . If you 're into suspense , some really cool ultra-violence and having a lot of fun with a movie , then I 'd definitely recommend checking this one out .
 The gorgeous Kim Basinger -LRB- `` Cellular '' -RRB- proves that she still remains a hot Hollywood commodity . `` While She Is Out '' is a superb action thriller that is truly horrifying because of its plausibility . It a nightmare made reality
 Whether or not housewife Della -LRB- Kim Basinger -RRB- knows it , she 's got some good , unconscious natural instincts to take out offending attackers . This movie shows how one female victim instinctively takes out 4 punks and her rude husband.Della goes out of her house at night to get some fresh air from her rude husband during Christmas and decides to go late-night shopping . The parking lot was full and brimming with people . She drives around , spots a sleek car taking up 2 spaces and decides to write a note to the owner saying something to the effect of
 I just finished watching this film , and must say that Della -LRB- Kim Basinger 's character -RRB- , was very effective and surprisingly strong . The music and dark , shadowy atmosphere worked in this film , very well , and her contradicting `` weakness '' portrayed early on is quickly combated with her surprising answer to these thugs ' attempts to subdue her . I was rooting for her from the beginning , and her acting was believable and convincing-great job on her part.These thugs on the other hand were a bit humorous , and the lead `` Chucky '' , played an interesting character , which perhaps deserved a bit more exploration . He was a strange blend of psychologist -LRB- tapping into her `` dreams '' -RRB- , seeming perhaps a bit more cognizent and mature than his `` thug '' character would suggest . It was unexpected , but an interesting aspect . Some of the dialogue among the assailants was just humorous.I know a movie is only a finite length , but Kim Basinger 's character deserved a bit more depth , and perhaps more than a glimpse into her life.The film makers , if they intended to , however , did an effective job of taking a `` snapshot '' of her life.This film was better than expected , and it clearly allowed Kim Basinger to shine , with her realistic , and mature subtelty in her acting ability . Give this woman more high profile parts-she is underrated ! Give this film a look !
 Della is a abused suburban whose life revolves around her two children . Goes to the mall one rainy night to do some last minute Christmas shopping . On the way to her car she is accousted by 4 thugs and she witnesses the killing of the mall cop trying to rescue her from the thugs . Della flees and the 4 thugs follow to a half built housing develoment . Della is only armed with a red tool box trying to save herself from 4 thugs with a gun . I do n't like her odds ! This is about her will to survive and must depend on her wits , luck and what is in the red tool box . If you like a suspense thriller than give this a try . It is intense at times but not like a Stephen King thriller ! The movie is only 86 minutes long so it does n't drag on !
 Just to briefly explain the movie without giving too much away ... A woman has a run in with some troublemakers at the mall which then becomes a long drawn out cat and mouse situation . The story centers around Basinger 's character as she eludes the attackers and ultimately confronts them . The story itself may seem a little genre-redundant in parts , but this story did keep me guessing with several atypical plot shifts.I must note here that I had never heard of this movie before receiving it . And for a movie promoting a star like Kim Basinger to be unknown , that usually means it was direct to video - intentionally or unintentionally ... when test screenings go badly . I 'm not for sure on this particular movie , but the copyright is 2007 - but officially stated as a 2008 release . That leads me to believe that for whatever reason , this film had legal issues / distribution problems which might have caused the film to have such a limited release in the US.I usually try to notice how much a DVD will brag about itself on the case . If the biggest quote you can get is from a small paper or website no one has ever heard of , then you probably should n't even mention it . And , if you ca n't get at least one positive quote , even when taking the critic out of context , then you have a real piece of junk . So when I noticed that this DVD case had several respectable quotes bragging about it , I was very excited . Some of the critical praise on the packaging gave lots of weight to Basinger acting ... which almost came across as insulting since the wording made it seem as if her career was already over - it was as if they were surprised by her abilities ? I disagree - it was surprising to see her in this particular movie , but it I knew she would have a great performance . I think this could be one of her defining roles and definitely made me take a second look at what I thought was her career . I wish she had been given more diversity in her previous roles , like this film.Early on in the movie , it has the feel of an 90 's era suspense thriller . In fact , except for a few modern references , this movie could be set in the 90 's or even earlier . It has a timeless feel to it , even as the movie shifts away from suspense thriller to a psychological vengeance film . I kept forgetting this movie was pretty new . I think most people will feel surprised by not only the acting , but also some of the plot twists . Some points in the movie are cliche , but others are overtly anti-cliche , which left me wondering back and forth what was going to happen next . Most will agree that this movie is as good as most films in this genre that are given wide theatrically releases.I also think having Anchor Bay distribute this movie is a little misleading . Most people associate their films with low budget / independent or formerly out of print re-released horror films . Even the DVD cover has been given the typical indie horror look - metalic black , silver and blood red . The only thing I noticed that might make this fit into Anchor Bay 's normal horror release catalog would be some of the gore . This film does have a few violent moments that are beyond typical thrillers , but by no means do these scenes rival those of current horror films . So , if gore is n't your thing then these cringe-worthy moments pass quickly and without overly vivid intentions.All and all Kim Basinger has been off my movie radar since LA Confidential . I think this movie , in its own way , allows more depth in Basinger 's abilities than movie-goers have scene in at least 10 years . She should be doing more roles , even if they are small hidden gems like this . Same goes for Craig Sheffer which I mostly remember from roles such as Nightbreed . He gives a very believable and important performance , even if he has very little screen time . Luke Haas continues a brilliant career which caught me off guard in Brick . Mostly known for his roles as a child actor , he gives an interesting role as the villain . P.S. - Guillermo del Toro is one of the producers of this film and so far his name has only been associated with movies that I like.This movie may not be for everyone , but for fans of the genre - it is definitely worth watching at least once . Most will be pleasantly surprised .
 I was one of the few whom were lucky enough to catch this film when it was in theatres and to the credit of the filmmakers and writer -LRB- Susan Montford of SHOOT 'EM UP -RRB- WHILE SHE WAS OUT was about as an intense of a film I could possibly even imagine ... my hands still hurt from gripping the chair I was in . Add to that the acting chops of Kim Basinger and Luke Haas and you have a movie I am HIGHLY anticipating on DVD!From my mouth -LRB- keyboard -RRB- to your ears -LRB- monitors -RRB- give this little thriller film a chance and you will be pleasantly surprised !
 While she was out is a rather disturbing movie . Kim Basinger plays the role of a house wife , consumed by her twin children , she wants to enjoy them and does not keep a tidy home ... rooms are a mess.Her husband comes home after a tiring day fighting the corporate world , we hear him at the door talking to a friend about Enron , setting the stage for a person consumed by office politics and economic forces.This frustrated man releases his anger on his wife , asking her ; what does she do with her day ? Toys and clothing are all over the house . He gets violent and we start to feel for this poor woman who simply wants to enjoy her children.On the night before Christmas , Kim Basinger goes shopping for last minute stuff to wrap the presents for her family ... As she drives to the mall , the stage is set ... her cell phone is almost out of battery , she does not even have the car charger and she calls a friend but there is no answer . While driving to the mall , she is distracted , almost has an accident and has difficulty finding a parking space.She sees an available space only to realize that a selfish customer took two spaces and there is no room for her car . So , she writes a note to tell this person that he / she is selfish . The movie is not too clear as to why she is later recognized as the note originator , whether they know because her name was on the note or because they saw her walk away from the car.While she is shopping , she sees a previous acquaintance and you sense her pain as she sees the other woman buying the very item she walks away from.When she gets back to the parking lot , it is now late and everyone is going home . The owners of the car where she left the note is a group of young people that seem to be under the influence of drugs , looking to hurt her and make her pay for the insulting note.A policeman comes to her rescue and gets killed trying to help her but this gives her time to get in her car and drive away . But she is followed and gets involved in a desperate set of circumstances that would drive any person mad.One by one , she deals with her aggressors and in an effort not to reveal the plot all we want to say is that the movie encourages viewers to keep a toolbox in the trunk and to take self defense classes.If you like to view movies that keep you at the edge of your seat ... this movie is the one to watch . Kim Basinger is simply superb ...
 This is a very good movie about someone hitting their breaking point then getting pushed so far beyond it that they can never go back . It is a strong movie about female empowerment and how some people who you might never think would commit a crime are the ones who can be the most dangerous when put into the correct situation . It is extremely violent with plenty of bad language and plenty of people who receive a karmmic retribution . I loved this film because it sends the message that the people who you least suspect can often be the most dangerous and the true nature of someone when after they are pushed into pure survival mode . Plus I loved the plot . It is a kiss off to anyone out there who thinks that I can bully someone else and get away with it .
 I bought this DVD with a bunch of other horror flicks , thinking it would be average . However I was very impressed with the quality of independent film makers out there , especially the work on Edmund Dyers . It has a hot chick and is a wicked tale . I wish there was a book or feature about it . Buy this DVD you will not be disappointed .
 Paris Is The Ideal Lover
 This is an AMAZING story ! Its so weird and imaginative , and its unbelievable that the film was shot on a very low budget , because from looking at it you ca n't really tell . The main actress in it is actually Irish too but she does a really convincing accent.If you liked Eternal Sunshine , you 'll enjoy this , its along the same vein , that what we think is real might not be real ... its funky and is funny too . Well worth it .
 I do n't think it was that bad . People have slated this film SO much yeah it has Jessica Simpson in but she has improved quite a bit from the dukes of hazard and she seems more believable as a character and actress . I did n't think it was boring it thought it had its funny moments and overall a good chick flick for men and women . Do n't base your views on what other people think because everyone has different opinions to what they think is a good film . Luke Wilson was also quite good in this film and the chemistry between him and Jessica was quite good you especially feel it during the pizza seen which is also pretty funny .
 This film is about a small town girl going to New York to surprise her fianc&eacute; , only to find that her fianc&eacute; is dumping her . She stays in New York and finds big success.I am surprised by the negativity around most of the comments . It 's true that `` Blonde Ambition '' is not Oscar material , but you should already know that before watching it.Jessica Simpson 's character is cute and likable . The plot is actually not bad . It is funny and light hearted . I really enjoyed watching Katie and Ben being together . Unlike other romantic comedies , office politics get a big part of the film . And have I mentioned that Freddy is really hilarious ? `` Blonde Ambition '' made me smile and I felt happy after watching it . I think it is a great brain off romantic comedy . The only complaint I have is the constant un-subtle product advertising , which gets annoying and out of place at times .
 I was interested in watching this one having seen so many negative reviews prior to release . I was expecting to see such god awful acting . That I did not see.To be honest , I was pleasantly surprised watching this film . Maybe because my expectations were so low . However , Jessica actually impressed me with her acting and having seen only one of her other films -LRB- Employee of the Month -RRB- , I think she is growing as an actress and has potential . It seemed obvious to me that she put more effort into acting better -LRB- not appearing so wooden -RRB- but instead relaxing into the role or maybe it is just that she had more to work with given that this is her first lead role.Okay so the actual storyline now . Well since there are other reviews referring to this , I wont bother going over it in depth except to say that Jessica 's character is a naive country girl who ends up in New York , is dumped by her boyfriend , happens to get a job in a big firm , finds out she was manipulated by one of the partners and her side kick -LRB- Penelope Ann Miller and Andy Dick -RRB- to shaft the head boss on a major deal and then tries to repair the damage . Of course all the while she falls for Love interest -LRB- Luke Wilson -RRB- . Very basic and unspectacular storyline but let 's face it , I do n't think this was meant to be a complex love story.The film is a feel good chick flick and being so does what it says on the tin . The cast are good and work well together especially Jessica and Willie Nelson as her grandad and Rachel Leigh Cook as her cousin.So if you looking for light entertainment , this film with give you that . My only complaint really is that in some parts the script was too superficial and they could have tried to make it funnier . You wo n't burst out laughing throughout the film but it is humorous in general .
 we thought this movie was very good . it was exactly what it was supposed to be , a feel good , romantic comedy . this movie had a lot of funny jokes in it . a lot better than the near porno crap that goes for comedy these days . this movie is highly underrated . and i do n't understand why . a lot of funny characters . got to love anything with willie nelson in it . -LRB- who was by the way awesome at riverbend -RRB- me and my wife highly recommend this as a couples movie . if your going to watch this expecting the acting and story of ben hur or titanic , your probably not going to get it . but its a fun watch with your wife or girlfriend over takeout . i think the movie was cast well , they were nice to look at for the length of the movie . and its not a cheap production like you see in a lot of non theater released movies . i think couples or girls that just got broke up with will really enjoy this flick .
 OK so I realise giving this movie 5 stars simply for the tunes is not exactly accurate but there really are a couple of gems on this . The film is full of such bad acting cliches and horrible horrible scriptwriting that it is indeed hard to see past the bad to find the good . However - if you like music and are interested in finding some good indie bands -LRB- I suspect the budget was low on this so they could n't use mainstream acts ?? -RRB- then I would definately recommend checking this out . Does anybody know if there is a soundtrack release ??? Anyway on the whole movie stinks music rocks !
 I purchased this movie a couple of days ago and I was not disappointed . It is a cute and fun movie . People are so quick to brush this movie off because of it 's star and seem to overlook that this is a movie that is not supposed to be taken too seriously . I definitely recommend it for anyone that just wants to relax and see a cute chick flick !
 Let 's not discriminate . Whether you hate or you like Jessica Simpson , the movie was all in all fairly cute.It 's a chick flick , a light romantic comedy , an ideal rental -LRB- although I would n't have wanted to watch this movie at the theatre -RRB- . Fairly unreal , over the edge , exaggeration ... but fun to watch.Predictable , but are n't all movies such as this?When we watch this kind of movie we can not expect oscar-winning acting and complicated story lines , we should just take it as is ... Blonde Ambition .
 Wow this is the best movie Jessica has made ! And I thought that Jessica should stick to singing , but I was wrong ! Jessica really shows talent in this movie . A really fun movie !
 I loved this movie . It had some funny parts and it was romantic . This is the perfect girl movie . You can see it while having a girls night .
 At first i did n't think very much about the plot , but i hoped that it was n't waste of time . When i started watching it , i just started laughing non-stop !
 I thougtht this movie was pretty funny . Jessica def . shows that she can be a really good actress from this movie . It shows that she can play a serious roll , a funny , blonde ditzy roll and everything.Jessica Def . did a good time and i would recommend it to anymore who wants to see a good funny movie .
 After all the blood and gore movies or the animated productions out there it was so much fun to be able to sit and watch a movie and just laugh . This show is entertaining and though the story is not the greatest and it is a been there , done that plot - the cast is funny and entertaining . Jessica Simpson has learned a lot in the few movies she has done and she is improving with each one . At this point in time some of your `` big '' stars are experiencing HUGE FLOPS . I purchased this DVD after watching a friends because I wanted it in my DVD collection . Everyone should remember that many `` big '' stars were in `` flops '' when they first started and we never had DVD 's for their films to go to . You can only learn by experience as Jessica Simpson seems to be doing . If you want something just funny and entertaining buy this DVD and have a girls night .
 I loved It ! I love Jessica and i thought she done a wonderful job ! go Jess !
 This amazing and true tale follows the Civil War life of General Bartlett who survived multiple skirmishes , battles and hardships throughout his military career . This story starts with Bartlett barely surviving a dangerous skirmish and retreat during the battle of Ball 's Bluff when he was a Captain of Company I , 20th Massachusetts . Bartlett is soon promoted a number of times while losing a leg and suffering from a multiple of wounds . Contrary to family pleas not to go back to the field , Bartlett faces the enemy on countless occasions and is eventually promoted to Brigadier General at the age of 24 . The action never stops and the re-enactments are great . Michael Kraus , David Neville and company have put together their finest work in this production that captures the heart , bravery and boldness of a great Union officer . A nice thing to add is that this production is created by historians who care about proper clothing and following the absolute correct formats of those they are portraying . Excellent re-enactments and fighting await you in this 80 minute story about a man that defied many odds during the Civil War .
 By Brenda Wilt for Civil War Times Illustrated MagazineWhat 's the difference between a forage cap and a kepi ? What kind of firearms were used during the Civil War ? What does the term `` red tape '' have to do with General Orders regarding criminal charges against soldiers ? You 'll find the answers to these questions and many more in the Civil War Minutes series of DVDs and videos from Inecom.Civil War Minutes is less a documentary than a series of show-and-tell lessons . In segments of four to eight minutes , historian Michael Kraus explains various aspects of the common soldier 's life , from the weapons he used to the clothing he wore . Interspersed with these artifact-laden episodes are bits in which Kraus reads from soldiers ' diaries and letters . Period photographs or sketches , and sound effects such as battle noises form a backdrop to these portions , adding welcome drama to the recitations . At times , however , the sound effects are simply over-the-top , such as when mention of an amputation is accompanied by the sounds of crunching bones and a man 's scream.Kraus is eminently qualified to narrate the series . A reenactor for more than 30 years , he served as military coordinator for the film Gettysburg , and as Union commander for many of the war 's 125th anniversary reenactments from 1986 to 1990 . Full-bearded and dressed in authentic garb , Kraus looks every bit the Civil War officer . With the help of genuine artifacts from the period , he manages to squeeze a lot of information into the short show-and-tell segments , describing nuances of design and manufacture that are probably unknown to all but the most ardent Civil War aficionados or reenactors.The three-hour series , divided into four 45-minute parts , is a great educational tool . Because of its episodic format , it can be enjoyed in bites to fit the appetite of the viewer . An added bonus is several interludes of period music , performed by folk musicians David Kincaid and Greg Singer . Any student or fan of the Civil War will enjoy this informative , entertaining look at the myriad aspects of the common soldier 's experience.This review was written by Brenda Wilt and originally published in Civil War Times Illustrated Magazine in February 2002 .
 This is a genuinely inspiring story about a soldier in the midst of battle whose determination would not let him die . A great film for history buffs and novices alike !
 THIS DVD CAME ON TIME AND PLAYED WELL . VERY INTERESTING STORY IF YOU LIKE CIVIL WAR HISTORY LIKE I DO .
 I really enjoyed Shot to Pieces . I found it to be a first rate documentary on Bartlett . Being a history fan and a documentary fan I thought this film was written well and covered the life of a General that I had never heard about . The battle scenes and the surgery were entertaining and the story was informative - overall a very nice DVD .
 Felt obliged to balance the low rating given by one reviewer who registered disappointment thinking this was another version.Hurt 's Raskolnikov is a fascinating read of character , in my opinion . And the period and place are rendered convincingly by the whole cast.I 'm hoping all the episodes will soon become available on Amazon , since this is a wonderful introduction to Dostoevsky on screen . There are of course so many points of view from which any such attempt to so render literature can be criticized , and I wo n't begin to make my own attempt since it has been many years since reading the novel.But there 's nothing to be lost in taking a look at these episodes , at least as a reference point of comparison . And here everything is in English without the trouble of subtitles . I 'm looking forward to some of the other productions of this masterpiece in Russian and English , and may come back to edit here . But one star is simply not a fair rating at all on the merits . I 'm hoping some other reviewers jump in to balance things out .
 Frank Middlemass as Marmeladov gives the definitive screen performance of alcoholism in full flower . You may remember Frank in Kubrick 's BARRY LYNDON as the snobbish Lord Lyndon who dies of apoplexity at cards while trying to swallow his pills and then Barry marries Lady Lyndon . Middlemass was the definitive snob in that picture . I 've only seen the first third of C&P so far but find the show well-done and worthy of the novel . The sense of CRIME comes across hugely , with PUNISHMENT as an immediate aspect of committing the crime , at least in Raskolnikov 's case .
 Dr. Phil
 I have just finished watching this brilliant adaptation of Fyodor Dostoevsky 's ` Crime & Punishment ' . The three episodes last seventy-five minutes each , a total of just under four hours . In my opinion , the first episode is the best , but I enjoyed the entire DVD immensely . I do not know how faithful it is to the book as I have never read it , but I certainly shall now.The wonderful Jack Pulman adapted this for BBC TV in 1979 , shortly before his death . Again he manages to produce an impeccable script , full of both drama and humour . Interestingly , as with so many of his works , his wife Barbara Young makes an appearance as the eccentric Amalia Ivanovna - or at least that is what she calls herself.The cast is outstanding and features many well known and hugely talented players . The amazing John Hurt is simply riveting as the tortured Raskolnikov . Sian Phillips and Frank Middlemass are both very moving and Timothy West is masterfully subtle and understated . Other standouts include David Troughton and Beatrix Lehmann as the Pawnbroker . In fact , the only member of the cast who was not particularly good was Yolande Palfrey as Sonia , but even she was acceptable.The sets and locations are very authentic and there are some unforgettable scenes . The story is dark and bleak , but enthralling , thought-provoking and simply fascinating.All in all an excellent production - one to keep beside ` Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy ' -LRB- BBC TV 1979 -RRB- , ` Anna Karenina ' -LRB- BBC TV 1977 -RRB- and ` The Mayor of Casterbridge ' -LRB- BBC TV 1978 -RRB- . But why on earth is there a picture of Elizabeth Garvie and David Rintoul in ` Pride and Prejudice ' -LRB- BBC TV 1979 -RRB- on the back cover ? I am surprised that no previous reviewer has commented on this .
 Read the book -- but this _ is _ a superb miniseries . John Hurt is a little older than is ideal for the role of the student Raskolnikov , but otherwise is a fantastic choice for the part . The story is absorbing and thought-provoking , and , at least in the marvelous scene in which Raskolnikov taunts a police inspector -- funny!Crime and Punishment was preceded by an adaptation of Dostoevsky 's The Possessed . I hope that will become available .
 Superb acting and script . Recent adaptations seem afraid to include original dialogue at any length - this gave us so much that was gripping and character-revealing . I wish all past BBC miniseries were available . Brilliant !
 Here we have a very excellent mini-series , all-inclusive , three episodes on one DVD -LRB- 225 minutes total running time -RRB- , of Dostoyevsky 's `` Crime and Punishment '' . This movie is simply terrific and , by having twice read the book -LRB- two different translations -RRB- , I can say that this film is totally true to its origin , with just a few of the less notable scenes omitted which is what one would reasonably expect.Now , the reason for my cautionary title is that `` Crime and Punishment '' is a story about the extreme misery of the Russian people , and to put this theme into historical perspective , it transpires during the era in which the U.S. Civil War was just reaching a conclusion . To summarize the Russian social environment of that same period , serfdom had just been reluctantly abolished -LRB- 1863 -RRB- but it actually continued on in pocket regions for a time . And times for the masses were incredibly difficult in the larger Russian cities such as St. Petersburg which is where this story mostly transpires . Large portions of the population were starving , alcoholism was rampant , and revolution was in the air , -LRB- this finally came to a head in 1905 and , successfully for the Bolsheviks -LSB- Communists -RSB- in 1917 but those two events are not directly a facet of this particular story . -RRB- So what I 'm telling you is that this tale is mostly one of extreme misery and is largely responsible for the egregious myth that ALL Russian literature is equally gloomy , -LRB- a myth which can be immediately dispelled by readingThe Inspector-General , Dead Souls
 Fyodor Dostoevsky wrote a masterpiece when he published Crime and Punishment . The book demonstrates an incredible understanding of human nature.Crime and Punishment surfaces the mental anguish and moral dilema of a highly intelligent man by the name of Rodion Romanovich Raskolnikov . He is poor , a former student living in St. Petersburg , who , in search for a change of luck , develops a plan to kill a usurous pawnbroker who is hated by the whole town.He expects to change his luck by obtaining the great fortune she has been accumulating under her bed from the pain and troubles of those who had no choice but to pawn their possessions.The book details conflicting human emotions of pride , hatred , envy , shame , guilt and redemption . The plot is set in 19th-century Russia and the characters for the most part are from the working class.We took the opportunity to see the series with young adults and we were delighted to see how they learned from understanding the consequences of actions that can and will change the lives of those who execute something as horrible as murder .
 I recalled watching the final episode of this compelling screenplay when it first aired on PBS some thirty years ago and was disappointed to see that it has n't been released as a DVD while VHS versions are commanding collector 's prices . So I 'm glad to have the option to rent the series from Amazon at a very reasonable price . The quality is excellent as is the ease of watching because it bookmarks wherever I pause and resumes on cue even after shutting down for extended periods . As for the performance , well there are few available to which to compare it so I would be grateful if someone knows and reports on a superior version of this literary classic . John Hurt as Raskolnikov is convincing but Timothy West 's portrayal of Porfiry Petrovitch is the undisputable highlight and worth the price of admission . Since all of their dialogue takes place in the final episode one may begin there before deciding whether to rent the others.I bought a Russian version available on DVD thanks to some favorable reviews that promised it was the ultimate but while the atmosphere of the black and white is effective as is the Russian soundtrack with subtitles , its treatment of the interplay between the principle characters leaves much to be desired compared to the BBC/PBS version .
 How very disappointing!My boyfriend and I were VERY excited to get this DVD . We both read the book - he did a long time before I did - and we were looking forward to see the mini-serie . It was great to see the characters , and see the similarities or differences they had with those that our own imagination had made up . For example , yes John Hurt was a little too old or looked too old to play Raskolnikov , and I had imagined him to be a little more charismatic than that -LRB- sorry for the John Hurt fans -RRB- ... He was a good actor though . He delivered a great performance , and he does look conflicted like I figured Raskolnikov would have been . I did n't especially like the actress that played Sonya , and at times it seemed that she was just plain `` bad '' , especially in one scene where Raskolnikov went to see her at her place , but her voice was as soft as I imagined Sonya 's to be . Porfiry was close to how I imagined him though ! And Razhumikin -LRB- darn Russian names , I 'm not sure about the spelling and I do n't have the book with me -RRB- was close too.The ONLY AND ULTIMATE thing that spoiled the experience was the ENDING . How dare they ! I 'm sure Dostoevsky would have turned in his grave if he saw that . It just ruins the whole story . One of the best parts in the book was the ending , when he went down the stairs at the station , and out , and saw Sonya , smiled and went back . It 's NOT in the DVD ! NOT ! And Sonya does not go in with him at the station in the book . And he does not go to see Porphyre -LRB- Porfiry in English -RRB- , but Ilia Petrovitch . It makes a big difference to me anyway . There 's also the part where Svidrigailov kills himself ... that lasted all but 5 seconds ! It was also one of the most `` poignant '' parts of the book . `` Tell them I 'm going to America '' ... Would it have been that hard to include it ? Also where was the gun when Dunya went to see Svidrigailov ... Those part are a bit disappointing -LRB- the ending is EXTREMELY disappointing -RRB- , but overall it was still a good adaptation of the book . There 's so much philosophy going on in the book which you ca n't easily include in a movie , but I think they did a good job . Just the ending would justify giving that movie ONE star , but I 'll be honest , I loved watching it up to the end .
 Read the book as required reading in college ; very well done and a good refresher on the book although some parts were skimmed over .
 This BBC production of Crime and Punishment -LRB- featuring John Hurt -RRB- is simply extraordinary . Presented the details with all the gripping tensions of the original text . Any fan of Dostoyevsky will love it .
 If you 're a fan of Ms. Jolie , buy this and enjoy her in it . She plays a 20 year old vamp who seduces Danny Aiello in a flagrant , delicious way that only Angelina could . If you do n't feel a sudden intake of breath when she struts into the diner early in the movie , then you need to switch back to Regis and Kelly . Angelina 's not a major character , but she 's on screen enough for me to feel fine about my mini-buck investment . The movie itself is a bizarre little noir that has it 's moments -LRB- decent acting , OK script , good desert atmosphere -RRB- and its non-moments -LRB- uneven directing , plot holes -RRB- , but not bad . The movie rates a 3 , Angelina rates a 5 , you do the math .
 I being in love with Angelina Jolie will watch any movie of hers , even if the movie was n't so great . I of course enjoyed this movie with her being in it but it was also a stretch from the norm . It was delightful and funny but weird at the same time . Especially with its cast members like Ann Archer and Danny Aiello . It 's great when actors take a chance on a movie even though it may not be a mega blockbuster hit . I watch this movie over and over and find it interesting all the time . The soundtrack is great as well . One thing , where can I find any of the songs on this soundtrack ? If you know , drop me a line .
 This movie features Angelina Jolie in her prime -LRB- BEFORE she became a star -RRB- , Michael Biehn at his most psychotic , Danny Aielloat his most befuddled , Anne Archer sweet and sexy and a plotwith more twists and turns than a mountain road . Having said that , this is one of the GREAT `` Murphy 's Law '' comedies of all time ! Nothing seems to go quite right for poor Danny Aiellountil the very end . Meanwhile , we are treated to cadevars thatwo n't stay put , robbers and gunslingers who ca n't shoot straight , an actor with more technique than conviction -LRB- brilliantly playedby Alfred Molina -RRB- and a nice , but brief nude scene from AngelinaJolie . Implausible events pile up on one another like dead bodies in a Clint Eastwood shoot-em-up , yet everything is donewith a wink and a totally vacant stare that keeps you involved.The reaction shots on the actors ' faces are priceless!This movie is n't for everyone , but if you like your comediesoddball to off-the-wall , you 'll LOVE this one !
 Wow ... crazy man ! There really are no words to explain the feeling I got from this movie . Yah got ta see it to believe it . One last thing ... take these words of advise ... `` This ai n't my drivin ' cup ... . YOU WANT ME TO SPILL COFFEE ON MA'SELF WHEN I 'M DRIVIN ' !
 JOLIES CHARACTER CATCHES A RIDE FROM LA TO HER HOME INTHE MOJAVE DESERT . SHE FALLS IN LOVE WITH THE DRIVER AL. . AL FALLS IN LOVE WITH HER MOTHER JULIE . JULIE 'S BOYFRIEND GOES BESERK . ALL SORTS OF WEIRF THINGS HAPPEN THAT WEEKEND UNDER THE MOJAVE MOOM . JM
 I loved the music in this movie , but ca n't find a soundtrack . Any way to find out the music score/artists ?
 this movie was awesome , and i mean awesome . it was so awesome that it got a little spooky at parts . anyway , what a charmingly weird story with charmingly weird characters ... there 's something about anne archer here ... it makes me really happy when i come across a movie like this every now and then ... this is the kind of life that all the danny aiello 's of the world should be fortunate enough to live ...
 This movie is good for no other reason than Angelina Jolie , but DannyAiello was also good . The confusion of the start of the movie was neveranswered completely until the end . Good directing and script . The desertbrought back memior 's of when I was stationed at Barstow , good shots .
 JOLIES CHARACTER BUMS A RIDE FROM LA TO HER HOME IN THE MOJAVE DESERT FROM AL. . SHE FALLS IN LOVE WITH AL. . AL FALLS IN LOVE WIT HER MOTHER JULIE / JULIES BOYFRIEND GOES BESERK . ALL SORTS OF WEIRD THINGS HAPPEND UNDER THE MOJAVE MOON THAT WEEKEND . JM
 Great commentaries , limited as they may be . Audio is great , as well as picture quality . Again , I wish Louie did more commentaries , but than again I 'm spoiled with shows like Community and the Simpsons .
 Louie IMO is one of the best comics out there now . Definitely a must watch show very funny and truthful
 Funny series . Great cast and an awesome time was had . I have sen it an few times and my friends enjoy this series too . : -RRB-
 Louie CK is the best . His show is great and I highly recommend this show to anyone who likes to look at life how it is and watch Louie try to live through them .
 This is one of the better shows on TV . I 'm bummed we have to wait til 2014 for new episodes . There are many hilarious and cringe-worthy moments during this particular season .
 I do n't get cable TV but I saw a Louis CK video on YouTube and thought he was uniquely funny - so I decided to see what his show is like . Really glad I did . It 's well made , well acted , and uniquely funny . Even the little girls who play his daughters amaze me in their acting abilities . And maybe best of all are the audio commentaries -LRB- on selected shows -RRB- . I watch the show first , and then immediately play it again with the commentary , getting perspectives and insights while the show is still fresh in my mind.There is foul language , so I ca n't show it to various family members , and that 's a shame , but oh well . And I ca n't figure out why the s ___ word is spoken freely while the f ___ word is bleeped . I guess the former is cool but the latter is gross . That 's ok , it just proves we humans are idiots . Somehow this makes me feel more a part of the crowd ... Oh , that reminds me . The show tends to make me more introspective , too . That 's what I mean - it 's a great show .
 I watched this on Neftlix first , but when Amazon offered the BluRay pack on sale during Black Friday , this was a no brainer . Season 2 has so many amazing moments - Louie in Afganastan , his pregnant sister ... funniest man in comedy and this show is a success story for a do-it-yourself comedian .
 This season is where louie becomes one of the best shows to ever be on television . Some episodes in season one hinted at the genius that Louis C.K was capable of , but this season is where it all comes out . Funny , smart , thought provoking , and incredibly deep .
 This show is hilarious , I bought season 1 as well . Louie is fantasic and it is well worth it to buy the show on DVD . You wo n't be disappointed !
 got this at an amazing price on Black Friday but enough about the deal more on the product . - video quality is great , 240hz tvs will love this set - audio quality is great as well - bonus features are also fun and though not to many still good
 Louis CK is getting to be a fine writer editor and most especially , an actor . The first season had me squirming and laughing . This second season had me doing both and thinking . Touching , funny and so well done it the character interactions felt almost too real , like I was standing too close while a real conversation was going on . Great job Louie , thanks .
 He is funny and also tells a story . I truly wonder if this is about his personal life to some effect .
 Louis ck really hits his stride in season 2 of his show `` Louie '' . Technically his skills in shooting and editing the episodes has improved significantly but let 's be honest , editing is n't what keep us glued to the screen . Its the stories and our ability to identify with his struggles as a man , as a father , and even just as a human that we identify with . Enjoy season too , you 'll laugh hard but the lasting emotion is a heartfelt identification to this everyman .
 Our son asked for this for Christmas . He really liked it and said it was very funny . That is all .
 I know ... shocking that would happen . But if that doesnt suck you in , the cast of guest and co-stars should . Go ahead , read the product info and see what it says . It wont bite . Its not like its the Necronomicon .
 Louie CK is so funny yet dark ! If you are sensitive to language an get uncomfortable easy , this may not be for you . But this show is great and keeps you laughing and on your toes !
 Louie makes you think deeply , laugh out loud , and consider your existence all in one episode . I watch an embarrassing amount of TV shows and I can honestly say this is my favorite . Absolutely brilliant
 This episode , as all the episodes of `` Louie '' are , is definitely done by a comics-comic and it shows here . Louie does n't take the usual sit-com method of cutesy heartwarming jokes . He 's makes you laugh while you cringe at the outrageous things he says . The only thing I would change is to make the maximum volume louder to hear some of the softer dialogue better .
 Louis is the best comedian !! This show will have you laughing for hours and hours . Must have for anyone who enjoys his stand up .
 LUCKY LOUIE *** I enjoyed watching the first season of this HBO series ; so , I purchased the 13 episodes of Season 2 . Perhaps you might want to rent the first disc of the first season to see what you think about it . Obviously , I enjoyed it a lot . Otherwise I would not have purchased the second season.NOTE
 Having been only a moderate Louis CK fan prior to catching Season One of FX 's stellar `` Louie , '' I found the initial 13 episodes to be absolutely fantastic . Without a doubt , this is his breakthrough moment and performance . `` Louie '' expertly blends the mundane with the profane . It can be awkward , hilarious and surprisingly real . I thought Season One had some of television 's biggest single laughs of the year as it juxtaposed comedy club footage with Louie just trying to be a good person , a good father , and a good comedian in everyday situations . Oftentimes pushing past the edge of good taste , Louis CK leads you right into the crudest scenarios possible but never loses you . This is a guy you can identify with and share in his frustrations and challenges . I feel like Louis CK really lets the viewer into his world and invites us to partake in the unified silliness of humanity . Nominated for two 2011 Emmy Awards -LRB- one for writing , one as Best Actor in a Comedy -RRB- , this show was also included on the American Film Institute 's Best Program of the Year roster.So I was really looking forward to this second season . I 'm going to be honest . In its totality , I do n't think the show was quite as funny as last year . But in many ways , the show deepened and became far more unexpected and interesting . While still the champion of the awkward exchange , many episodes did n't play for laughs at all . I 'm not sure how others would compare this second season , but I found myself really respecting the chances that Louie CK took in his increasingly personal stories . Some of the memorable moments include life lessons from Joan Rivers as well as Louie 's continued painful pursuit of a relationship with Pamela Adlon . But many of the episodes -LRB- including the season 's loudest and most obnoxious entry about Louie 's pregnant sister -RRB- defy categorization . The show is unafraid of dealing with parenthood in a way few TV programs even attempt . There is a quiet poignancy and truthfulness behind everything that happens . What do you say when your daughter tells you she likes her mother better ? Well that 's the question that opens the season.The 13 episodes on this 2 disc set are
 Louis C.K. is one of the best comedians alive , which undermines the breadth of his talent . A lot of the great stand-up comics are no longer with us , but Louis C.K. is not just one of the best alive ; he 's one of the best period . In 2010 , FX gave Louis his own TV show and complete creative control over it . The show , a fictionalized version of his day-to-day life , was titled Louie and it 's now one of television 's most acclaimed shows . As a huge fan of his stand-up , I was a bit disappointed with the first season . I found it lacking something I could n't quite put my finger on . I enjoyed the format immediately ; the story interwoven with stand-up material . However , those first 13 episodes left something to be desired . Season 2 is an entirely different beast and ultimately a much better show ; darker , more emotional , funnier , and each episode seems more thoroughly thought-out . Louis C.K. has found a consistency and rhythm as an actor , director , writer , producer , and editor and he seems more confident with the tone and direction of his show . This season is also much more story-focused , even with one episode centering almost entirely on masturbation.Watching the first season , I immediately noticed that Louie shares similarities with early Woody Allen films . It 's a lazy comparison in many ways ; both are comedians based in New York . Their humor is quite different , but there 's a strong similarity in tone . The music , the New York setting , the dealings with human nature , etc. . Allen 's humor and dialogue is different from Louis ' , but the most substantial difference is simply that Allen 's comedy is more refined and sophisticated . Watching this season I could n't escape what a great idea it would be for Allen and C.K. to work together . Imagine my excitement at the recent announcement that he had joined the cast of Allen 's upcoming film.Moving right along , Louie starts strong in the first scene of the first episode . Like the first season , the show is not preoccupied with a linear narrative thread . It has a loose structure that disregards continuity in favor of self-contained vignettes that stand on their own merit and can be admired individually . With each new episode you can see Louis ' growth as a director and his evolving depth as a storyteller . There are poignant meditations on life and death , as well as some quietly hilarious and subtle moments such as an inspired scene with Louie in a subway watching a man beautifully play his violin as a homeless man disrobes behind him and begins showering himself with a water bottle . Several episodes portray Louie 's fruitless pursuit of Pamela -LRB- played by actress Pamela Adlon -RRB- and the two share some nice chemistry . In one scene , Louie professes his love for her in an extended monologue that ranks as one of the most poignant moments of the entire series . His dealings with Pam are generally the most emotionally resonant passages of the show . There 's an extended episode entitled Duckling that follows Louie on a USO tour and it may be the most accomplished episode in his repertoire.Two episodes that really stand out amongst the others are Oh Louie/Tickets and Eddie . The former begins with a rant against the poor quality of modern television , culminating in a face-off with Dane Cook -LRB- who plays himself -RRB- . Many are familiar with the accusations that Cook lifted some of Louis ' early material and the episode has the two engaging in a civil , well-written argument about this . The latter episode guest stars comedian Doug Stanhope and its cool seeing two of my favorite comics share the screen together . While Dane Cook essentially plays himself in his episode , Stanhope plays a broken-down comic named Eddie . Obviously , Stanhope and Eddie share similarities in their lifestyle and outlook but Stanhope brings an unexpected amount of pathos and depth to his role that is genuinely Emmy-worthy . Stanhope and C.K. have a strong dynamic together and it seems like there is a genuine friendship there . The entire episode is a triumph.There are many other celebrity guest appearances . One episode features a humble and self-aware Joan Rivers , with a majority of the episode consisting of dialogue between Rivers and C.K. . We actually see Louis discovering his strengths as a writer , as this extended dialogue between the two is mesmerizing . Other guest appearances include Steven Wright , Chris Rock , and F. Murray -LRB- all appearing in the finale -RRB- . Not every episode is perfect . While the first episode has a wonderful opening and is well-written and uplifting even , there 's a long build-up to a joke that ends with flatulence . This joke is both lazy and unfunny , betraying the quality of what came before it . In the episode Country Drive , Louie takes his children to see their elderly Aunt Ellen . Much of the episode is filler -LRB- specifically in the driving scenes -RRB- , but it contains a strong message and a particularly strong stand-up bit about the differences between Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn.This brings me to the stand-up material . The stand-up bits rarely disappoint and there is some very strong material here . I respect Louis for not using sub-par material in favor of making sure all of his strong material makes it into a stand-up special . There are some gems here , one of my favorite bits being his description of a sexual encounter in the show 's second episode . As a comedian , Louis C.K. has this brilliant ability to get right to the heart of a topic with such simplicity . This especially works in his favor in the television format . He recently released much of the material here as an audio special entitled WORD
 I am not exaggerating . And I 'll begin with a disclaimer -- I thought the tag took a lot away from the other-wise flawless expression of love for both New York city and a woman . The tag aside ... this was perfect . The shots of NY , and of Louis CK fascinated by it , will bring sweet pangs to anyone who once lived there . And the love-story is cruel and funny and real . The acting is superb -- Pamela Adlon is in normal flawless-form , though this venue allowed her to showcase the depth of her talent.This was perfect . Perhaps `` Chuckles Bites the Dust '' perfect .
 I 'm mainly writing a review here because no one else has . After I watched this episode a day after it aired -LRB- a few months ago -RRB- , I went online to see if anyone else thought it was as good as I did and there were already hundreds of reviews on a bunch of different tv message boards discussing how good it was . If you see one episode of this show , it should probably be this one , and if you 've seen a few and liked any of them , this will be one of your favorites.Louie picks his kids up from school a day before leaving for Afghanistan on a USO tour , and is forced to bring home and take care of the class 's pet ducklings for the night . Upon getting to Afghanistan , he realizes one of his daughters put one of the ducklings in his backpack `` to keep him safe . '' Already out of his element being in a war zone , he now has to take care of this little baby duckling . Accompanying him are some barely-18 NFL cheerleaders , and a country music star who opens for him by singing heartfelt songs about what it means to be an American soldier . The group of performers has to travel by helicopter from base to base doing various shows and entertaining whatever troops are there.It 's not snide or awkward ; it 's extremely heartfelt . While it 's a merging of Louie with American Service -LRB- which is n't an easy mix -RRB- , it 's also somehow Louie at his best . The tone comes across just right , and the episode goes above and beyond what you would expect .
 Having been only a moderate Louis CK fan prior to catching Season One of FX 's stellar `` Louie , '' I found the initial 13 episodes to be absolutely fantastic . Without a doubt , this is his breakthrough moment and performance . `` Louie '' expertly blends the mundane with the profane . It can be awkward , hilarious and surprisingly real . I thought Season One had some of television 's biggest single laughs of the year as it juxtaposed comedy club footage with Louie just trying to be a good person , a good father , and a good comedian in everyday situations . Oftentimes pushing past the edge of good taste , Louis CK leads you right into the crudest scenarios possible but never loses you . This is a guy you can identify with and share in his frustrations and challenges . I feel like Louis CK really lets the viewer into his world and invites us to partake in the unified silliness of humanity . Nominated for two 2011 Emmy Awards -LRB- one for writing , one as Best Actor in a Comedy -RRB- , this show was also included on the American Film Institute 's Best Program of the Year roster.So I was really looking forward to this second season . I 'm going to be honest . In its totality , I do n't think the show was quite as funny as last year . But in many ways , the show deepened and became far more unexpected and interesting . While still the champion of the awkward exchange , many episodes did n't play for laughs at all . I 'm not sure how others would compare this second season , but I found myself really respecting the chances that Louie CK took in his increasingly personal stories . Some of the memorable moments include life lessons from Joan Rivers as well as Louie 's continued painful pursuit of a relationship with Pamela Adlon . But many of the episodes -LRB- including the season 's loudest and most obnoxious entry about Louie 's pregnant sister -RRB- defy categorization . The show is unafraid of dealing with parenthood in a way few TV programs even attempt . There is a quiet poignancy and truthfulness behind everything that happens . What do you say when your daughter tells you she likes her mother better ? Well that 's the question that opens the season.Some episodes have two vignettes , some are self contained stories . More than anything , this season shows a confident and creative show runner willing to push the boundaries of conventional sitcom fare . Without a doubt , my favorite of the year -LRB- one I 'm convinced will be Emmy nominated -RRB- is the expanded episode `` Duckling '' which has Louie participating in a USO tour of Afghanistan . It 's a great set-up with lots of laughs that turns into one of the most heartfelt and memorable moments that I saw on TV this year . Seriously . If you did n't love Season One of `` Louie , '' than this simply is n't a show for you . Nothing here will change your mind . As I stated , I did n't think this season had as many laugh-out-loud moments but it more than compensated by an increased depth and honesty . It 's strange to talk about a sitcom like that , but this is as close to real life as you 're likely to see in a sitcom . KGHarris , 5/12 .
 Having been only a moderate Louis CK fan prior to catching Season One of FX 's stellar `` Louie , '' I found the initial 13 episodes to be absolutely fantastic . Without a doubt , this is his breakthrough moment and performance . `` Louie '' expertly blends the mundane with the profane . It can be awkward , hilarious and surprisingly real . I thought Season One had some of television 's biggest single laughs of the year as it juxtaposed comedy club footage with Louie just trying to be a good person , a good father , and a good comedian in everyday situations . Oftentimes pushing past the edge of good taste , Louis CK leads you right into the crudest scenarios possible but never loses you . This is a guy you can identify with and share in his frustrations and challenges . I feel like Louis CK really lets the viewer into his world and invites us to partake in the unified silliness of humanity . Nominated for two 2011 Emmy Awards -LRB- one for writing , one as Best Actor in a Comedy -RRB- , this show was also included on the American Film Institute 's Best Program of the Year roster.So I was really looking forward to this second season . I 'm going to be honest . In its totality , I do n't think the show was quite as funny as last year . But in many ways , the show deepened and became far more unexpected and interesting . While still the champion of the awkward exchange , many episodes did n't play for laughs at all . I 'm not sure how others would compare this second season , but I found myself really respecting the chances that Louie CK took in his increasingly personal stories . Some of the memorable moments include life lessons from Joan Rivers as well as Louie 's continued painful pursuit of a relationship with Pamela Adlon . But many of the episodes -LRB- including the season 's loudest and most obnoxious entry about Louie 's pregnant sister -RRB- defy categorization . The show is unafraid of dealing with parenthood in a way few TV programs even attempt . There is a quiet poignancy and truthfulness behind everything that happens . What do you say when your daughter tells you she likes her mother better ? Well that 's the question that opens the season.Some episodes have two vignettes , some are self contained stories . More than anything , this season shows a confident and creative show runner willing to push the boundaries of conventional sitcom fare . Without a doubt , my favorite of the year -LRB- one I 'm convinced will be Emmy nominated -RRB- is the expanded episode `` Duckling '' which has Louie participating in a USO tour of Afghanistan . It 's a great set-up with lots of laughs that turns into one of the most heartfelt and memorable moments that I saw on TV this year . Seriously . If you did n't love Season One of `` Louie , '' than this simply is n't a show for you . Nothing here will change your mind . As I stated , I did n't think this season had as many laugh-out-loud moments but it more than compensated by an increased depth and honesty . It 's strange to talk about a sitcom like that , but this is as close to real life as you 're likely to see in a sitcom . KGHarris , 5/12 .
 Modern , dry , smart , creative . All these things make Louie the best comedy on TV today ... . At least until Arrested Development comes back .
 Whatever Louis CK feels like doing , he 'll do it . He 's not going to compromise his ideas in an effort to satisfy a broader audience . If there 's an audience that wants it , the show will live . If not enough people want it , the show will die . That 's the best thing about this show . It 's not trying too hard to appease anybody and the result is a very natural one.The humor may be considered crass by some people , but peel away at it and you 'll find something very profound about the exploits of a middle aged man just trying to figure out the meaning of his life . To that end , not all episodes are meant to make you laugh.Some episodes come with optional commentary from Louis CK . The first season DVD/Blu-Ray included commentary for all but one or two episodes , whereas he seems to give up on that effort after the first three or four episodes here . That 's disappointing , since I really enjoy hearing him talk about the camera work , music , and choice of actors and actresses for each episode . It really makes you appreciate the amount of depth and work that goes into each of these episodes , even if Louis only seems half interested while providing them.Beyond the commentary , there is n't much in the way of extras . And the censored content remains censored . Nonetheless , the core content is all there , and that 's enough to rate it up for me .
 I could not wait for German television to finally broadcast Louie . I do n't even know if they ever will.Instead of depending on the good will of German television bosses deciding to buy the show for their program - I bought it myself on DVD and no regrets!I love the show ! In my opinion Louie C.K. is one of the most talented guys you have on American TV!Can &#8217; t wait for the next seasons to be released on DVD !
 Louie CK has been around a while , but the world has finally caught on to his brand of humor.If you like his regular-distribution DVD and show , then check out some of his self-produced and distributed standup . Cheaper than most content you 'll find .
 It 's been a long time since I binged on anything on TV ... unless it 's animated , I hardly know what the heck is on anymore , getting only this and that while somewhere else since I refuse to bend over for the whole cable/satellite/narrowcast thing . Two minutes of crap programming , eight minutes of crap commercials , and $ 75 a month , repeat -- no thanks . But `` Louie '' ... even when it falters , it 's too good for television . That includes the second season , which in terms of comedy is more uneven than the terrific first season but darker and more dramatic . In fact , many episodes of the second season of `` Louie '' are composed more like a good literary short story -LRB- as were some in the first season -RRB- , taking the viewer down roads they think they 've traveled before but ending up in far different places . For instance , Louie 's ongoing attempts to woo his PTA friend , Pamela , who tells him repeatedly and often without mercy how unattracted to him she is , nonetheless serve as the focal point for several episodes , culminating in an airport goodbye scene that threatens to break your heart , if you have one , before finding an alternative . -LRB- The irony of Pamela 's caustic but well-intended lecture to Louie about being so screwed up as to hopelessly focus affection on her when she wo n't return the same sentiment while she jets off to Paris to reconcile her marriage to the man who deserted her and her children is not lost on the audience . -RRB- In another episode , Louie 's too-big-for-her-britches 13-year-old niece condescendingly lectures Louie on how it is condescending to give money to the homeless , and the opportunity for a smart-alecky retort is traded for just letting the ironic scene take its course ; Steven Wright 's advice to Louie to live a little after a great set ends in a disaster far worse than could be imagined . `` Louie '' even manages to get a duckling into several episodes without disintegrating into a morass of cheesy sentimentality . That is all quite a feat . `` Louie '' traffics in ongoing themes , especially the titular character 's struggles with relationships -LRB- and as a breath of fresh air for TV , not just romantic but as a divorced parent who 's male -RRB- , but also takes swipes at race , pregnancy , sexual orientation , the generation gap , and religious hypocrisy . In a three-camera show with a studio audience , the jokes would be predictable and safe , but Louie , despite its sometimes wacky situations , does n't settle for anything that rings hollow , offering the audience insight in addition to sometimes hard-won laughs , all to suitable jazz riffs . While tinny stuff like `` Mad Men '' and `` Breaking Bad '' get all the acclaim , `` Louie '' is at least as good as drama and a lot more interesting . The bonus is that it 's also funny for all the right reasons .
 If you enjoy the Louie CK 's work , this episode is certainly a plus!Starts with a shocking and different introduction and ends with another genius ending.Lay back and just enjoy .
 This is the episode of Louie that really caught my attention . The opening scene nails the thoughts of what a man would think . It was a comedy piece , but it was also art . Ca n't recommend this enough . It shows Louis CK has a depth to him beyond stand up comedy .
 loving it so far . better than 99 % of the crap on tv . it 's worth watching . louis c.k. is brilliant . check it out . you wo n't be disappointed ,
 I agree with the other reviewer that there is a lot more darkness -LRB- drama ? -RRB- in this season , but I am really enjoying it . There is still a lot of humor but this is n't a sitcom that you watch to get a couple of laughs -LRB- or groans , as is the case with most sitcoms nowadays . -RRB- I really like this material and do n't know of anything else like it on TV . In addition to the characters and story lines , I really like the choice of music and the way it really pulls you in .
 I 've followed Louis CK 's career for many years , and I relate well to his sense of humor
 This is not your typical , American sitcom comedy . The show follows the line of the first season , opening with a short stand up interlude , followed by a ` sitcom . ' Some shows are chock full of hilarity , and others are not . This has got to be one of the artsiest shows I 've seen in a long time.One of the things that I love about this show is that it mimics real life . It follows Louie , who is a stand up comedian . He is also a father , a divorced man , and a regular guy . His kids are pukes , or funny , or well behaved , etc. . Not like other shows with kids who just spit out a ` cute ' one liner , followed by a laugh track . A lot of the scenarios mimic real life b/c they are so mundane and not over the top -LRB- think of Rachel being able to afford that unbelievable apartment in Friends on a coffee house waitress 's salary -RRB- . Yes , there are things that the average person can not relate to , but we are not a famous stand up comedian .
 Is revealed in this episode which is equal parts funny and heart-breaking . We begin to understand Louie better and the sweet aspects of the man at the heart of the endless scatological and pornographic , yet blisteringly uproarious observations.I wo n't use the A word -LRB- Not that word , you dolts ! -RRB- to describe Louie , but there 's real A-rtistry here and the hapless , shambling way it begins to gel is moving in and of itself , because this is not so hapless , folks . We 're looking at a major and dedicated passionate talent coming to fruition here .
 By now the world knows these three beautiful women by name
 How can I give 5 stars to something that has n't even been released yet ? It 's simple , really . I loved the Season 1 individual episodes and DVD extras , and also thoroughly enjoyed every one of the 16 UNCENSORED Season 2 episodes -LRB- about 23 min . each -RRB- that I just finished watching -LRB- shown by Canada 's StarTv channel -RRB- . According to the press releases for the Season 2 DVD 's , they 're going to again be uncensored , in full-screen , and include more of the same jam-packed extras as before . So , as long as they do n't screw anything up , it 's going to be a sure-fire success.The extras include
 What I love most about these DVD 's are the commentary you get with each episode . It 's like you 're sitting and talking with Holly , Bridget and Kendra with each episode . They do funny things , like they sing along with the theme song and make the funniest comments that give you great insight into the show . I love these DVD 's !
 I liked Season 1 , but I LOVE Season 2 . In the first season , you kind of get to know the girls in a one-dimensional way -- Holly the house mother , Bridget the super-cute semi-intellectual and Kendra the not-too-bright sports fan.This time around , there is a lot more to see and learn . Not only do the girls show their gorgeous bodies way more this time , but you also get a more rounded view of who they are . Who would have guessed that Kendra actually has a brain ? Mind you , just when you 're beginning to think that she might just be the next Einstein , hiding away a super-intellect behind the dumb-blonde facade , she comes out with something mind-numbingly stupid -LRB- and quite sincere -RRB- to dispel that notion ! On the other hand , she 's always very pleasant to look at , and you get to see much more of her in this season than the first . Bridget , the most beautiful of the three , shows off her goofy side this time , but she 's still just as adorable.The highlight of the season is when the girls get their second Playboy photo-shoot . This time around , in addition to the standard session as per Hef 's wishes , the girls get to show their creative side . Each one chooses her own theme and directs the shoot , featuring herself and the other two girls . Holly chooses a Marilyn Monroe theme , Bridget indulges her love of King Kong , and in Kendra 's case , it 's American Football -LRB- what else ? -RRB- . They do such a great job of it that contrary to their own expectations -LRB- and his -RRB- Hef actually loves their work and decides to feature their projects in the magazine . There is way more and better nudity this season , and along with the way we get to know the girls , this makes for the perfect package .
 If you love the HEF and love watching 3 blondes actually prove to the world that they are not just dumb bimbos , then this dvd is for you . Holly , Bridget and Kendra all have different personalities that will make you feel like their best friend . It 's hysterical to watch and of course it 's playboy so there 's other `` feelings '' there to . But being a female I watch this because I feel that no matter where you live , every female still has the same drama in their life as you . Except I do n't live in a mansion or have a boyfriend that is over 80 . But you do feel close to them in the end . I love watching this show and so should you .
 Season 2 was just as good as the first season , it got more into getting to know the girls better individually . I love this show , I think it is hilarious , and I would recommend buying season 2 !
 I love the Girls Next Door , the second dvd set is much better than the first because in the second dvd set they offer a watch all episode feature so that you do not have to keep going back to the main menu to start another episode .
 I 'm a fan of the show , and own the first season also . Being a girl myself , I honestly did n't think I would like this show because I thought it was directed towards a male audience being that it has to do with playboy , but I was wrong . I love the show because the girls are funny and its interesting to see how they live and the things they do every day . It 's a fun show , buy it !
 I enjoyed this show when it was on televison . I enjoy seeing these females go on their journey with all the opportunites they are offered and I laugh the entire time because they are silly . This show is more than girls being exposed its pure entertainment !
 Came in pretty much perfect condition -LRB- casing AND the dvds , absolutely no scratches -RRB- , super cheap price for a whole season of a tv show , came by estimated delivery date annnd i love this show .
 It came in the mail on time and definitely got my moneys worth And the DVDs all played great . Keep up great sales
 This show is excellent . I have no complaints in that department ! However , when I received the shipment , I could hear loose pieces rattling around inside the DVD case . The plastic brackets used to keep the DVDs in place were crushed/broken . My DVDs still have a place to go , but it is n't in good condition . Luckily , none of the DVDs were scratched .
 This season was just as fun and funny as the first!A little more in depth with the three girls as Hef takes more naps .
 I received this item in less than a week . Watched all the dvds -- all work fine , no problems . I 'm very happy with this purchase and vendor -- box set was in decent condition too and yet again , I appreciate the fast delivery.Thanks .
 excellent video . i love the girls next door , and never missed an episode and i had to own the library
 I love this season of The Girls Next Door . It is one of my favorites by far . This dvd set has very good quality . I recommend this one-hundred percent !!!
 It 's a interesting show ! I got it at a good price and had very fast shipping !
 Its fun , sexy , and great to watch or just keep on in the background for noise .
 The GND are awesome ! This is my favorite show ! A must have for any fan !
 I already own Season One , so this just built on my collection . Holly , Bridget , and Kendra are the cutest girls ever and I enjoyed watching their surreal life . They all have wonderful personalities and I plan on getting Season Three .
 WOW WOW WOW !! What can I say ?? Hef , Holly , Bridget and Kendra are back in this 2nd season ! More playmates , drama , fun and nakedness ! I thought the 2nd season was better than the first as you 've had the introduction to the mansion in the first season . This is a great show and just makes me want to enter thier world .
 I absolutely love the Playboy empire and this show is just another great aspect of it ! All the girls are so lovable and Hef 's great personality is also featured on the show a lot.Being a reality show on E - of course a lot of it is staged , but it does n't come across that way . The girls all seem to be so genuine and all their daily activities are n't overblown to make them seem like divas or gold diggers or anything . It sounds almost silly to say , but Playboy and this show are just about as all American and genuine as it gets!I think this show is great for men and women . A bunch of beautiful women , a glimpse into Hef 's life , funny situations ... what more could you ask for!The bonus features are always so funny as well .
 NOT hardcore ... lots of fun and * candid * -LRB- sort of -RRB- shots of the girlsgetting dressed , undressed and goofing around . I watch it while Iride my stationary bike instead of depressing news programs . The second season has a Play All feature so you do n't have to keep going back to themain menu . Three discs in all , with a paragraph for each episode in case you want to get right to the naught bits .
 I 'm a big fan so as always very happy with this DVD . Very happy also about the quality of service from amazon . Look forward to doing business again in the future .
 when i first saw the adds for this show i thought it was going to be very stupid but it ended up being one of the funniest shows on t.v even if you dont like reality tv that much like me i think you would get a kick out of this show .
 This review is of the second feature of this double feature disk ` March or Die ' with Gene Hackman and Terrance Hill . A friend of mine mentioned that he saw this movie about 30 years ago when I was just a kid . I never saw it until just now . Let me start with a minor complaint . I do like these ` double feature ' disks especially the ones that have movies that are not well known as both of these are . But I must say that they did n't put a lot in to producing this DVD . The copy quality is not all that great . It is definitely watchable but it looks like somebody copied it off of TV and then transfered it . That being said the thing that saved the movie is the great story and acting . I was throughly enthralled by this tail of the French Foreign Legion and I thought it was an excellent flick . The climactic battle scene reminded me a lot of the movie Zulu 's final battle . And the build up to the last violent battle is done really well . Gene Hackman plays a very good tough as nails ramrod of a commanding officer and Terrance Hill is perfect in the role of the charismatic charmer who joins The Legion so as not to go to jail.You may have issues with the production but I ca n't and do n't have any problems with the film itself . I enjoyed it very much .
 I bought this video because I had recently read the book `` The Domino Principle '' and wanted to see the movie . As an added bonus , the movie `` March Or Die '' was included . Both films were enjoyable to watch and I recommend them to anyone interested . Gene Hackman has always been a favorite of mine and he did n't disapoint here .
 This is a French Foreign Legion movie with some flavor , March or Die that is . Great scenic viewing , it looked realistic . Gene Hackman was great as always in the lead role . This movie can give the viewer an education on the charasmatic Moroccan leader Abd el-Krim and the Riff wars 1911-1927 , they portray him as an honorable and noble yet brutal leader . March or Die can be used as somewhat of a history lesson for this period in world events . A decent buy for a two for one price even though production quality is lacking.The Wind and the Lion would be a good companion movie .
 Length :
 These were good movies which I never knew she had done . I am glad these came in a box set rather than alone .
 Criss Angel is like the decendent of Houdini . Anyone who dislikes him you got something goin wrong in that little brain of yours becuase no other magician can match up to Criss . I watch his shows every week never miss an episode and dont see david blaine and copperfield do what he does .
 If Criss Angel does n't have supernatural powers , than I do n't know what 's real or not anymore !
 this was great and the timeing was fantastic love shopping in Amazon . This was very cool that it dident took long love that the faster the best .
 I remember looking forward to the Criss Angel Halloween shows he used to do for the ABC Family channel . The guy would do things that would literally make me gasp . But I guess that is what good magic is supposed to do , huh ? It is supposed to get you to question what is real and what is not . Because I believe so strongly in the power of the mind and its ability to do anything , I often wonder if Criss Angel is giving us a preview of the possibilities that are inherent within each of us . Not that I 'm particularly eager to be put in a pine box and go through a wood chipper.My wife , who practices Wicca , says that a lot of the things he is able to do are not illusions , he really is doing them . He is able to convince himself that he is the illusion and that the magic is real . Most spiritual masters believe that this every day reality is n't reality at all , it 's all illusion ; that there is really is nothing that is solid , that everything is Energy . Even Albert Einstein said this . But even though I have a feeling that they are right , that everything I see is simply a projection of my own mind and what it wants to believe , I 'm going to leave it to Criss Angel to walk around on fire only to fall down , collapse , and have the fireman that put him out be Criss Angel himself . Huh ? All I can say is , you got ta see it . Criss always comes out of these things with a smile on his face , which is also something that Spiritual Masters tend to do . Y ` see , they know ... we do n't ... we 're left scratching those heads we think our so solid and so real.Do I recommend this collection ? Heck , yeah ... it will freak you out , but it will also make you start to question what we really are capeable of being , of doing , of experiencing . But do n't worry about it too much , afterall , none of it 's ultimately real ... = -RRB-
 Highly recommend this set ! Criss Angel is awesome ! Every episode will blow your mind with his illusions and magic !
 At first I found a lot of Chris Angel 's tricks really annoying . I could n't figure out what I was supposed to assume about what was an illusion and what was a stunt ; who was in the audience and who was in the show ; what was a `` real '' object and what was a magic prop ; what was an unadulterated place and what was a set-up stage ; and what was perceivable by the audience vs what was perceivable only by the camera . But then I decided that this was part of the genius of it . Magic presented on a traditional stage spells all that out for you in mind numbing detail . Here you 're left to wonder . For example , are we really meant to believe that his family is such a bunch of dupes/dopes ? There is no clear frame given for how to view this stuff , and if you 're not prepared to roll with that , it can be hard to watch . If you can get passed it , however , it 's a lot of fun , with some good magic thrown in .
 I really enjoyed this season of Mindfreak . It is mind food for what is possible and what the human body can do . I think there is more than magic going on and it is fascinating and unique . I especially liked when Chris empowers others to see that they are more powerful than they think , and to go for their dreams . I would love to hear more about how he achieves some of his stunts as it seems like there is a little metaphysics going on and exactly what he had to do to get there . I guess that would be another series !
 If you missed the show on A&E or want to have your own copy , this is great . How does he do these things ? Well worth the cost .
 This was awesome , I had bought season one for my husband and he enjoyed it so much that I got him season two as well , it 's fantastic entertainment for the whole family .
 I know someone that was at Vandenburg AFB when MindFreak did their episode there . That 's the only case where I 've known someone that 's been around for Criss Angel 's illusions . She said everything was exactly as advertised `` What you see is what you get . '' I 'm half convinced the man is using real magic ; not the `` magic '' an illusionist would use but the real thing . Mind-blowing whether it 's actually an illusion or real magic . I 've been to a David Copperfield performance and I have to say I love the way Angel does his performances on the street impresses beyond Copperfield or anyone else . Own seasons 1 and 2 , looking forward to season 3 ! Criss Angel , if you read through these reviews , looks like you 're barely sleeping . Do n't crash and burn without needed rest . We ca n't continue to be impacted on that `` emotional level '' if you do n't give your body a break once in a while . Love to catch a live performance someday ... care to come to Misawa AB , Japan ?
 I recently saw Criss Angel on the TV show Phenomenon and instantly fell in love with him . I wanted more . I like having the whole first season on DVD to enjoy whenever I want without the annoying commercials . Lucky me . Criss is personable , approachable , talented , and fabulous to watch . He 's easy on the eyes . too . I 'm beyond satisfied with this purchase .
 I had written a review for Season 1 about two years ago , and I have decided to rewrite it from a different standpoint . Two years later , and now with Season 5 just wrapping up , I am looking back at Season 1 rather than starting out with it.My interest in Criss Angel came quite by accident . He was someone I stumbled across while I was flipping through the TV . When I decided to check him out , I took both Season 1 and Season 2 out of the library , along with his biography . I was also checking into his music as well.I started with Season 1 , and I can tell you that I pretty much watched the whole thing in one sitting . I was captivated by it . I think I managed to watch two episodes of Season 2 before ordering my own copies of both seasons . I also did n't return the library 's until I had my own in my hands . I was never a fan of magicians , but something was different about Criss , and there was something more appealing about Criss that extended beyond his magical talents.Now , after just about wrapping up Season 5 with one more episode to go , I can look back at Season 1 . Season 1 was the beginning of the TV Series , Mindfreak . I view Season 1 in a special way because this was a new thing for Criss with doing this television show . He has some following now , but it is almost uncanny to view Season 1 and the small crowds that were available to watch these demonstrations as opposed to the throng of devoted followers he has now . As they say , you 've come a long way baby . There was no pretense in this season . He made a transition from being a `` goth '' guy from his earlier specials -LRB- Mindfreak Special , Supernatural , Made in Japan -RRB- to this approachable , charming , seemingly warm individual who was hungry in his craft and creative with his art.Just about every episode has dealt with a stunt that was considered dangerous and death-defying . He put himself on the line to catch the public 's attention and it worked . From this point on , he showed more humor and personality in the next two seasons , while still having the tricks and stunts , but curbing back a tad on the danger factor . Season 3 started to see a rise in his popularity , and there was more of a thrust of image being brought to the forefront . By Season 4 , there was lots of image , some stunts , and his personality appeared to have changed , which is why I have reviewed that season as the weakest . The latest Mindfreak is a 5-part hour-long special returning to his roots a little , but that 's another review.I would tell the new fan to start with this season if they do n't have anything by Criss Angel , and then work upward through the seasons . I would then advise a look into his pre-Mindfreak days with the above-mentioned specials to acquire another viewpoint into how some of these demonstrations started out , and how Criss started out before he landed a TV deal with A&E. ; Season one is the Huger and the Heart of why Criss does what he does . You have your stunts , and you have some cool slight of hand . You have a guy that was n't as much an image as he was an artist . You have a guy who I found extremely likable . You get to see his family a lot in this season , too , which tells you a lot about his family values and what was important to him.Criss has said himself that he 's more about the way the trick made you feel than about the trick itself . He 's all about that `` emotional '' connection . My wish for him would be to not see him lose that . Because each of us are individuals , who he is as a person is as much a selling point as his bag of tricks are . His personality and his art should stand on its own , and that is what I would like to see him known for.I do n't want to see him become a Britney Spears who is known more for her tabloid dramas , or what she wears or does n't wear , than for her music and dancing . He does n't need to generate `` talk '' by going that route - just let your personality and your creativity be the guiding light . Some of that got lost in Season 4 with the flashy , tabloid image he was portraying . He 's better than that.Season 1 is proof of that.ARE YOU READY?Diane Trautweiler . Written 9/6/2009 . Criss Angel - Mindfreak - The Complete Season One
 Highly recommended this set . Very entertaining from start to finish ! He will dazzle you with his awesome illusions and magic !
 What he does , you are just lost ! Your mind just liquifes trying to figure out how he does it . Killer !
 now i read a lot of reviews and most of them fair i too was sadden at not having all the episodes but Criss pure showmanship and talent were more then plenty to make up for it . of course i 've been a fan since i watched him on A&E , -LRB- he does mange to be quite the eye catcher -RRB- hehe but anyway this set was great and shows the he really is the Houdini of our time .
 Much better then the TV show , no commercials . Still can not believe what he can do .
 First of all Criss Angel is the best magician mindfreak ever.The one that got me was with the woman on the bench and she was split in half.I say David Blaine need to retire if he is going to compete with this guy.This is the dvd to get season 1 and season 2 Criss Angel is the best in the world.M I N D F R E A K. . .
 A great set of episodes with some amazing tricks . Would love to know how he does it ! Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys being `` wowed '' !
 Criss Angel is one of the most mind-boggingly interesting magicians that has ever been . His show is definitely worth watching . The vast majority of his illusions are simply amazing and inexplicable.With that said , however , I do have some pros and cons to list.Pros :1 . Amazing illusions that defy explanation .2 . No stuffy , old-school , big-production-number-on-a-stage magic acts of the David Copperfield variety . Criss does nearly everything as street magic .3 . He has more personality and warmth than David Blaine . -LRB- Of course , that 's not saying a whole lot . -RRB- Cons :1 . The show has an annoying tendency to show you clips of the finales of the best stunts of the show , before the show even gets going . I do n't want to see that . I want to be surprised . Do n't give me a detailed run-down of what you 're going to do and even show me short clips of what you 're going to do . It ruins part of the mystery . Just get the show started and do it .2 . Criss talks in a monotone drone , like he 's perpetually on quaaludes .3 . I could do without his family members . They each have their own -LRB- obviously fake -RRB- `` jobs '' to do on the show.His brother JD 's job is to pace around and act all nervous about everything Criss attempts , and to say things afterward like , `` I 'm telling YOU , that he will NOT be doing something like THAT again . No way . `` His other brother Costa 's job is to give vague praise every step of the way . `` Lookin ' good ; do n't look down ; you got it ! `` His Mom 's job is to freak out and scream in horror at everything Criss attempts . I always think it is interesting , in an annoying sort of way , to watch her thrashing around in horror , and then see that all of the people standing around her have decidedly different expressions on their faces . Of course they do ... because they know it 's just a show . And Criss 's mom obviously does too . But her job is to freak out and act like Criss is in mortal danger .4 . During the large illusions , there are too many cut-scenes away from the illusion and onto some member of his entourage spewing some vague banalities about the stunt , or about how `` deep '' Criss is , or some other blather . Example
 OK . Here is , what may be , the only true review of the DVD set released by A&E Entertainment , and not a debate over who is your favorite Magician . This collection will be enjoyable to any Criss Angel fan or Magic enthusiast , so get it and grab the popcorn . But first , there are a couple of things you need to know . It is amazing that the Title is , `` The Complete Season One '' , considering that 4 episodes are missing from the set . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The `` Bullet Catch '' episode that was ready for broadcast but banned by the network and never aired , -LRB- 2 -RRB- the one-hour 10/31 `` Halloween '' episode , -LRB- 3 -RRB- `` The Best of Criss Angel '' with scenes edited out from previous episodes , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- `` The Best of Criss Angel Vol.II '' . I am happy that A&E released the collection , and would be glad if they released more of their programming on DVD , but remain dumb-founded that they would forget 4 episodes and then title the collection what they did .
 David Blaine and Criss Angel are the forefront of magic in the new century . Why ? Gone are the parlor tricks we 've become so accustom to , and now we have magic that will make watch in wonder ... how did they do that ? Tricks on the street , with common observers . Tricks that not only take illusion , slight of hand and craftsmanship , but also take MENTAL TOUGHNESS and PREPAREDNESS.Some of the more dazzling things that Criss Angel does in season one will leave you awe-struck . Like when he walks DOWN THE SIDE OF A VEGAS BUILDING ... or WALKS THROUGH A GLASS WINDOW . Even the little things ... like levitating a frisbee that had landed on the ground , spinning it up to eye level and throwing it to an observer without ever toughing it . Or do n't let me forget when he walks up to some random people in a park , puts a young girl into a trace , bends her BACKWARD at a 90 degree angle and then LEVITATES HER ENTIRELY.Of course there 's the time when he levitates HIMSELF . I 'm not talking a few inches off the ground like David Blaine did previously . I 'm talking feet . Three feet . Four Feet . High enough to lift himself over a good sized dog . Not taking anything away from the equally incredibly David Blaine , but a nearby observer spoke the SAYS IT ALL COMMENT , `` Blaine needs to kiss this guys ass . `` I do n't know about that ... Criss still has n't done anything close to the most amazing trick that David Blaine did . Removing a wrist watch from a woman ... walking a few feet down the street to a jewelry store where the woman 's watch was displayed in the window ... and being after hours , the store was closed , so he put his hand and arm through the glass right before our eyes and retrieves the watch . Or creating water , wearing a sleeveless shirt with a single leaf for a jungle tribe that had no running water.Okay , okay ... back to Criss Angel . The show is incredible . I watch it religiously . One of the things I find enduring about the show is the fact that Criss ' brothers are part of his crew and it 's kinda cool to see them worry about him when he does his tricks ... even though ... sometimes it looks sorta staged.Also , the fact that he includes other magicians in his show , like Lance Burton , Penn & Teller & the Amazing Johnathan . I 'm just waiting for the 2 part episode where him and David Blaine team up ... dear lord ... would n't that be great!If anybody out there is complaining about Criss Angel and the validitiy of his tricks ... I 'd like to see the magicians that they 're watching because I ca n't imagine that magic could get much better .
 Okay ... as an opening statement : If you 're looking for the unseen `` Bullet Catch '' episode , you 're NOT going to find it on this DVD!Aparently the episode was deemed `` too hot for TV '' , THEN aparently `` too hot for this DVD . '' While yes , I do find that somewhat assanine , i 'm not going to complain about it too much . Although I basically DID get this DVD , hopeing that the BC episode with JD , would atleast make an appearance here . Just so I could atleast see the only part of season one , that nobody got to see.But I was wrong.Contrary to the DVD title , this is infact NOT `` the COMPLETE season 1 '' , because it 's missing a few episodes . It 's missing the following :1 . Bullet Catch-The episode featuring JD -LRB- Jonathan Davis -RRB- of Korn , which was never aired . It was banned from being so . And thus , might be the reason why it 's not on this DVD . Perhaps Criss will release it on DVD , on his website in the near future ... we can only hope .2 . Halloween Special-Speaks for itself . This was an hour long Halloween special Criss did in 2005 . It was aired on TV as part of season 1 , yet is NOT on this DVD . Somewhat disappointing , as that episode was actually quite enjoyable .3 . Best of I-One of the two `` best of Criss Angel '' episodes aired on TV , that is not on this DVD . It showcased outakes , and never before seen clips . Such as a few from the `` Bullet Catch '' episode , with JD .4 . Best of II-The second of the two `` best of Criss Angel '' episodes aired on TV , that is not on this DVD . Again , it showcased outakes and never before seen clips from the Mindfreaks series.That 's really my only complaint with this compilation of Criss Angel episodes . It 's missing an unaired episode , and 3 aired episodes.Also , the `` bleeps '' you got on the TV , that cut out the cussing ... they 're STILL HERE ! This is also somewhat disappointing , as Criss could have atLEAST given his fans RAW and UNCENSORED episodes . AtLEAST for the DVD collection . Oh well . Perhaps nextime , eh ? Knowing A&E ... it ; 's highly doubtful.Anyways , aside from those flaws -LRB- the bleeps still being here/the missing and unaired episodes -RRB- , the season 1 DVD is awesome ! It contains every single other season 1 episode , exactly as seen on TV ! Only now , you can watch them anytime you like , instead of having to wait for Wednesday nights.I give this product 4/5 stars , for it 's 2 flaws.So if you 're planning on buying this just to see the `` Bullet Catch '' episode with JD in it , you might want to skip this . Because that episode -LRB- along with 3 others -RRB- is not on this DVD.And if you 're thinking of buying this DVD , because you 're thinking it 'll be unedited and uncensored , again , you might want to skip this . Because the bleeps still exist.But if you 're a fan of Criss Angel , and simply want to own -LRB- most of -RRB- season 1 , AS SEEN ON TV , then by all means , purchase this DVD set ! You will NOT be disappointed !
 In Mindfreak , Criss Angel has found the ultimate formula to make magic cool to the younger generation , while at the same time making magic interesting and fun again to us older folks who gave up believing in magic about the same time we started questioning the existence of Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny.The show is mindboggling , but at the same time down to earth , in spite of it 's subject matter , and Criss Angel just has one of the those `` larger than life '' personality types that just draws you into being interested in his world , whether or not you 've ever been into reality or magic shows , either one . Not to mention the fact that if you happen to be female -LRB- or otherwise inclined , I suppose -RRB- he 's a hard man to take your eyes off of , no magic required!In my opinion , this DVD does an excellent job of showcasing Criss as the Best Magician in the world right now , even though judging from all the talk on the Web at this time , there seems to be a fair amount of opposition out there on that claim . Why all the jealousy and sceptism exists at this time towards Criss and his talents , I do n't know . But if anyone out there is looking at this DVD with a sceptical eye , or towards debunking Criss Angel 's talents , let 's consider for a moment what performing magic and/or being an illusionist is really all about . It 's about putting on a show , and keeping your audience entertained , and Criss Angel puts on a flawless show , that will keep you enthralled from beginning to end . It does n't matter how he does it , the point is that he does it so well .
 I 've been a magic fan since i was a very young boy and my family and I used to attend the annual , worlds largest magic convention in Colon , Michigan , home to the Abbotts magic factory and Harry Blackstone . Angel is one of the new breed of magicians/illusionists who have said forget the stage and the beautiful assistant in skimpy outfits and who has taken his act to the street to perform tricks both mind-boggling and dangerous . One has to question the sanity of a guy who sets himself ablaze on his mother 's birthday but that 's just what Criss does.His feats of sleight of hand and illusion make for great TV . Is it all camera tricks ? Are all the people paid shills and plants there to oooohhh and ahhhh ? I do n't know and it really does n't matter to me . Seein him levitate himself three feet in the air onto a chair in front of a casino lounge full of guests is pretty damn amazing no matter how its done . What makes Angel so intriguiing to me is his showmanship . The greatest magicians are those that have showmanship and flair . Even the greatest tricks can be dull in the hands of a bland performer . Angel is anything but bland displaying a likeability that anyone who encounters him certainly feels . The greatest trick is n't always how the magician pulls off his feats but rather how he manages to fool the audience.Great stuff !
 I found out about Criss Angel late in its first season . Several friends were telling us about some of his feats and I had to tune in - This sexy Greek guy has it all - he is daring , very sexy -LRB- did I mention he was sexy ? -RRB- and a master illusionist . A friend of mine is learning to be a magician in Vegas and he told me how cool Criss is -- May have to take a trip back to Vegas to see him in person . He peeks the imagination and the illusions are flawless . Houdini would be very proud -
 Criss Angel has taken season 2 of mindfreak to another level ! The illusions and demonstrations he performs are simply unreal ! From the building float -LRB- he actually floated from one building to another ! -RRB- to walking on water -LRB- surrounded by swimmers and with multiple cameras shooting ! -RRB- , Criss Angel keeps pushing the enveloppe and bringing never before seen material ! In each episode , he performs a major demonstration and multiple illusions and street magic . He must come up with a great deal of never before seen material for each episode and that shows how creative he is . Mindfreak 2 is a must have for anyone remotly interested in the art of magic . It 's fresh , entertaining and unbelievable . Criss Angel is the new and best form of magic .
 Perhaps one of the best shows on tv is finnally on DVD ! This show is not what you think . It does n't have any of those old and tired trick card tricks or anything like that . The tricks this guy does will have you watching over and over again wondering `` how the heck did he do that '' ? Featuring the bed of nails , levitation -LRB- my personal favourite -RRB- and the coffin stunt this DVD is a muct have for fans of the magic and the extraordinary
 This DVD is the best , it captures the essence of Criss Angel ... he is a miracle to the art of magic ... this was a pure delight and I am so happy I bought this DVD ... each time I watch it I am more and more amazed ... Criss I love you babycakes ... you truly are amazing ... Houdini would be proud ... thanks , Laura
 I highly recommend this collection for any one who likes great , no , GREAT magic , slight of hand , and illusion . He will freak out your mind !!
 Criss is a 21st Century Houdini ; not only to surpass his accomplishments but to far exceed them . How he gets the `` rabbit out of the hat '' is far beyond me . He is absolutely phenominal putting his life on the line to say to everyone watching him , that nothing in your life is impossible . He is the 8th wonder of the world without doubt .
 I bought the set for my granddaughter and her husband for Christmas they both love watching the show so know it will be liked , she ca n't wait until she gets to watch them . Its his present so he doese n't know he has them yet .
 This also came quickly and was in excellent condition . A great buy for any Criss Angel fans .
 How does he do that ? If we knew how he does what he does then he would n't be as amazing as he is . What a superb showman Chris Angel is and what a magical , illusuonist is this wonderful Mindfreak ! How DOES he do that !! Let 's watch this one again ...
 I was amazed when I watched this dvd set . I never had a chance to see Season 1 when it was on T.V. Criss is amazing . I especially like his smaller magic tricks that he does one on one with people . His escapes and stunts are also amazing , but made me very nervous !!! I know he says he likes to blur reality and illusion , and he does this very well in these episodes . There is something about him that draws me in , he has a very warm personality . And he 's pretty darn cute ! I recommend this for anyone who loves great entertainment !
 luv ! luv it ! luv it ! he is awsome greatest performer at all he does ! it is unbelivable ! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 Almost forgot to write this review ; ; ; but alls well when I ordered these dvds . Nice packageing ; on time -LRB- even earlier than said -RRB- ... so im well satisfied customer . Good Job . Denise -LRB- Pennsylvania -RRB-
 I saw Criss Angel 's Mindfreak on TV , and had to buy the dvd set . It is great .
 Every episode is shocking and unexplainable , you are left with your mouthopen & your mind thinking how !
 This movie shipped fast and was new in wrapper . The movie was awesome ! Thanks so much .
 How the heck does he do that stuff ! I will be watching this DVD for years .
 I do n't get A&E on my TV so this was all new material to me . This guy is AMAZING ! Makes David Copperfield look like an amateur . Glad I bought it !
 The dvds were very cool . I do believe that there were a few episodes that are missing from the first season . . Other than that , it is great .
 This series is by far the most innovative and colorful to come forth this year . Criss is a definite triple threat . Exotically handsome with a hard rock edge , deeply philosophical about the enigmas that exist in our reality , and a genuine master of pure magical illusions . Move aside quirky Copperfield . Step away death-wish David Blaine . An Angel has come to open our mind and eyes to true courage and beauty in feats we would n't dream of attempting .
 Just keeps you wondering how he does it ! Began watching him on A&E chanel , just had to buy the REAL thing
 Criss Angel is like the decendent of Houdini . Anyone who dislikes him you got something goin wrong in that little brain of yours becuase no other magician can match up to Criss . I watch his shows every week never miss an episode and dont see david blaine and copperfield do what he does . sure david blaine can levitate a few inches off the ground but Criss can walk up and down buildings and levitate like 6-8 feet off the ground or hire i dont know know exactly but it looks pretty high to me . he can also make others levitate and do all kinds of wild mindfreakish stuff . I cant put this in a better way . I love his show .
 Criss Angel is like the decendent of Houdini . Anyone who dislikes him you got something goin wrong in that little brain of yours becuase no other magician can match up to Criss . I watch his shows every week never miss an episode and dont see david blaine and copperfield do what he does . sure david blaine can levitate a few inches off the ground but Criss can walk up and down buildings and levitate onto a building and make other people levitate , etc. . I cant put this in a better way . i love his show .
 Criss Angel is like the decendent of Houdini . Anyone who dislikes him you got something goin wrong in that little brain of yours becuase no other magician can match up to Criss . I watch his shows every week never miss an episode and dont see david blaine and copperfield do what he does .
 Criss Angel is like the decendent of Houdini . Anyone who dislikes him you got something goin wrong in your brain becuase no other magician can match up to Criss . I watch his shows every week never miss an episode and dont see david blaine and copperfield do what he does .
 Like i said in the subject line , he appeals to alot of ladies because he has the image-he has the looks . I do n't believe in magic at all , but one thing i do know is that this man is a beautiful man . He is not anglo saxon , but middle anglo -LRB- a totally different world from the white anglo -RRB- you could say ... he is Meditterean . He has substance , how do you say ? He has feeling and emotion in the things that he does . I saw a picture of him dressed as the crow -LRB- like brandon lee -RRB- , he looks excellent , a very attractice man . Magicians and envious fans may put down his magic but you never hear of them placing/putting down his looks . He is blessed By God -LRB- in the dept of looks -RRB- . If you want to see a beautiful man do magic , go on ahead and buy this and enjoy his stunts -LRB- or whatever -RRB- . I say this in good faith , but i do n't believe in Magic .
 Criss Angel is like the decendent of Houdini . Anyone who dislikes him you got something goin wrong in that little brain of yours becuase no other magician can match up to Criss . I watch his shows every week never miss an episode and dont see david blaine and copperfield do what he does .
 I purchased Season 1 and the Halloween Special together . Unfortunately most of the same stunts appear on each disc . While Season 1 had a little more I felt a little jilted . I must admit I walked away as always saying how the heck did he do that !!!!!!!
 Just as David Copperfield was the magician for the 80 's ; Criss Angel is the premier magician for today 's generation . season one 's top feat is walking up/down a building ! Mindfreak indeed !
 I got the product in a decent amount of time . It was a gift so I am not sure how it works , but I have n't heard a complaint from the gift receiver .
 I 'm very pleased with this purchase . If you 're a fan of the show , then you 'll enjoy it . This set came with 2 DVD 's , plus the usual extra features -LRB- interviews , photos , and even interactive magic tricks ! -RRB- My family and I enjoyed this set . I recommend it .
 This guy just blows my mind . I have n't seen anyone like him at all ! My 11 yr old daughter specifically asked for these and loves them .
 Criss Angel , Is he a little hookey ? ... Yup.Is some of the material doctored ? ... Yup.Is he entertaining ? ... Definitely.Season 2 upped the ante over Season 1 . The effects are better . There are more over all effects . Best of all , no lame hanging from a helicopter kind of episode . I have read a lot of magic books , and know how a lot of effects are done . However , at least once per episode of Mind Freak I am scratching my head.I do n't really buy into the dark mysterious personna of Angel . I really like his behind the scene personality that shows he is a regular goofy magic guy . This side of him seemed to come through a lot more in Season 2 . I hope if there is a Season 3 he will drop the David Blaine presentation completely and be who Criss Angel really is .
 i bought season one on dvd and love every minute of it . i ca n't wait for season two . this guy is the most enjoyable , unbelievable , extraordinary magician you will ever see . they should dump all the other magicians and only keep this guy . not only that but he also has a very nice personality . now when season two comes out there is even better ones like when he pulls a woman apart . and when he saws himself in half . i do n't want to say anymore . just go out and buy these . THANK YOU .
 He does some really crazy things . Some are n't as good as others but he is good . Definitely recommend if you like magic . I think even if you do n't it will still make you think , `` what , how did that happen ? '' A very good purchase .
 If you are a fan of the show , you must own ! Like no one else Cris Angel continues to blow your mind !
 I accidently came across Criss Angel 's show one night on A&E and I have been simply amazed and hooked since then ! Criss is a true master at the art of magic . Move over David Blaine and David Copperfield ! This DVD is a must have for any and all Mindfreak fans ! My whole family is addicted to the show and this DVD comes in handy when you are waiting on Mindfreak 's new season to start up . I gave this DVD 5 stars and would and have recommended it to everyone and anyone !!!
 Firstly , let me say that the comparisons to Blaine , Copperfield , Penn & Teller , etc. are completely infantile and plain stupid . Why compare ? Criss Angel is NOT in competition with these other guys . They are all consummate professionals in magic and illusion art , and all quite successful . Each has his OWN STYLE people ! Sheesh ! That said , `` Mindfreak '' is a highly entertaining show with great , mindblowing tricks/effects . It is top-notch professional entertainment , and Criss Angel has the ability to draw you in with his easy-going , magnetic personality ! Truly great stuff .
 Criss Angel has one of the most interesting shows I have ever seen . Some of the things he does just baffles my mind . Even the small tricks he does at the bars or just around town are extremely entertaining . There are a few missing episodes from the DVD but nothing to turn you away , unless you have already watched all the episodes to death . Even if you have I would still buy this DVD just to have it !
 Well what happend to those few episdes that were on season 1 that are not on the disk . . ? The one with the bullet and one whee he goes through that shredder thing ? Why does it not have all the epsides it kinda made me a little upset that i didnt get ALL of season one . Well it 's pretty cheap for 2 dvds and it is worth thr price CVhris Angel is such an awesome guy . Very talented guy . My only probs are the missing episodes !
 At first when I saw Mindfreak on A&E I thought Criss Angel was the real deal . When I say real deal I mean a REAL magician . His levitation and building walk gigs totally got me . I thought for weeks trying to figure out how any human would be able to defy gravity to that extent . After , convinced he 's the `` real deal '' I purchased his Mindfreak DVD and watched all the episodes . -LRB- I was disappointed to find that the `` bullet catch '' was not on it -RRB- . Regardless , almost all the episodes are on it . OK , now this is where the BUT comes in . After you watch magic over and over again , you start to see things that you did n't see the first time . When Criss always says , `` one continuous shot , do n't cut '' all he 's doing IS cutting in the editing room . Criss writes , produces , and directs the entire series . So after I signed on to his website , and saw that he was actually selling the secret of levitation for $ 100 on DVD ! Without hesitating i purchased it , and once the DVD arrived and I popped it in , I could n't help but laugh my butt off ! Very cheazy , but it does give the illusion . And if you think you 'll be able to float 5 - 10 feet , do n't get your hopes up like I did . All he teaches you is how to float a foot at most and its extremely angle sensitive , meaning your spectator -LRB- s -RRB- have to be right behind you . Not what I was hoping for at all . I also purchased the `` Quarter through soda can '' trick for $ 30 and that was 100 % worth it . Fantastic illusion . I have fooled a lot of people with that one . Criss , if your reading this reveal your 5-10 foot levitations without shoes !!! Or how bout the building walk !?! If you put either of those on the market for $ 1000 -LRB- one thousand -RRB- then you got a deal , lol . Now that 's one that still boggles my mind , if of course he 's being honest and there are no special strings etc. . Hard to trust a magician , lol . I wonder why you open the umbrella while turning . At one point I was so obsessed that he 's real , that I attended his DVD signing at Virgin Megastore in Hollywood . After 3 hours of waiting it was finally mine and my friends turn . He was very nice and all , but when I asked him to do something with a quarter , all he did was a slide of hand my grandmother can do ! There are a lot of more bloopers that are hard to spot on the Mindfreak DVD that I do n't want to mention , because it 'll take too long , but with these last words ... Criss Angel is a master illusionist , not a magician . I give him 8 out of 10 . And with all said , ca n't wait for season two !
 Who would n't want their mind freaked by Criss Angel ? This is awesome , mind blowing , craziness and it does n't hurt that he us easy on the eyes .
 I already wrote a review for Season 1 of this show . My foray into Criss Angel 's world continued into Season 2 . What can I say with the typewritten word to convey what it is I want to convey in this review ? You see , I could tell you how great and mystifying Criss Angel is from a standpoint of viewing him as a stuntman , illusionist , and mentalist . I could tell you specifics of him walking on water , levitating , getting cut in half -LRB- in the open , not behind a box -RRB- or doing some cool motorcycle tricks . All of that is cool , but that is n't what makes this show special in my eyes , and it certainly is n't the sole thing that makes Criss stand apart.I have never seen Criss ' demonstrations live , and I am a bit of a skeptic , so I could sit here and freeze individual frames in the show , trying to figure out how he does what he does . Is it real ? Is it an illusion ? Is it fancy camera editing ? Please ... I hope one day to see him do his thing in front of my - hopefully , unbelieving , mindfreaked - eyes . I 'm not here to pick his demonstrations apart . While I do have a sense of wonderment about how he does things , I 'm not about figuring him out , either . What I am after is to be entertained , and he has done that - albeit in a slightly different way - for Season 2 . The mesmerizing demonstrations are still there , although it appears that Criss has scaled back a little bit -LRB- and I emphasize little -RRB- on dancing with the devil by not performing as many death-wish stunts as he did in Season 1 . What I think is a little different here is that I dare to think that we are seeing more than Criss Angel - we are seeing Christopher Nicholas Sarantakos . I think we are starting to see the Person behind the Illusionist.What I mean here is that , not only have I managed to become mindfreaked with Season 2 , but I been tickled with the laughing fits . The humor in Season 1 was only hinted at -LRB- as in the episode , Chicken . Try that one on for a little light-heartedness - it 's one of my favorite episodes from Season 1 -RRB- . Some of the extras on the disc provide this humor , as do the episodes themselves . We are introduced to Crissy , one butt-ugly chick , to provide some comic relief and some nightmares as well . This dressing-up-to-look-ridiculous-and - be-as-obnoxious-as-I-can trend continues with Season 3 when we are introduced to other lovable characters in the Angel archives , but that 's another review altogether.What makes this man stand out to me is what I see behind the magic . I one episode , entitled Chad 's Story , Criss makes a young magician 's dream come true by coaching him and giving him a chance to perform with Lance Burton . Chad 's story is truly tragic , as he had cancer when he was a very young child , and even died on a few occasions . His father taught him magic to keep his mind off the pain of his illness . Chad overcame his illness and was considered cured , only to lose his father to cancer shortly thereafter . Those who know anything about Criss Angel , aka Christopher Sarantakos , knows that he had lost his father to stomach cancer years ago . He took care of his father when he could n't take care of himself , or even eat any kind of food . His father died in his arms , and something in Criss changed after that . He claims it made him fearless and gave him the inspiration to do what he does.You know , Criss Angel is a new guy for me . I just discovered him months ago . I have had favorite celebrities over the years . I do n't put them on a pedestal , and I 'm not attracted to the kinds who do give off the `` diva '' act . If I became famous for one of my talents , would that mean I was less of a human ? Would my personable qualities go away ? I do n't think so . Fame changes people , but life does , too.Don ' t judge a book by its cover . People are multi-layered . Sometimes what you see is n't everything you 're going to get , but just a fraction of it . Granted , if Criss had come out in his full Goth-garb like he was sporting pre-Mindfreak days , I might have run for the hills . I 'm glad I found him when I did . He 's a little less Goth these days and more rock-n-roller , but people will still form their opinions.Chad 's Story was proof there is more than one side . In that episode , what he said to Chad is what you have can not be sold and can not be bought . He was talking about personality . When people want to know what makes Criss freak my mind so much , I do n't just point to the demonstrations . I point to how kids are magnetically drawn to him . I point to how he handles animals and how they seem to love him . I point to how he hugs his mom or how close he is to his brothers . I point to how he interacts with people and seems to charm them and make them feel at ease . I point to an almost childlike enthusiasm -LRB- Check out Bike Jump Vanish . He 's like a kid on that bike -RRB- . Criss is crazy , but he 's not creepy . He 's got a sick sense of humor at times , but it 's funny . He 's not only talented , but terribly intelligent . His mind is always clicking . He 's a light and an inspiration . There 's something warm and personal about him . Maybe I 'm wrong and he 's mindfreaked us all by inserting subliminal messages throughout the episodes . Maybe we 've all been hypnotized into submission . I suppose it 's possible , but I do n't think so.Season 2 , like Season 1 and Season 3 , is one big roller-coaster ride - all good fun . Now , I think I 'm going to go out and confront my fears.ARE YOU READY ????
 Much better then the TV show , no commercials . Still can not believe what he can do .
 Chris Angel is the best ! He 's better then that Japanese guy who pulls hamburgers out of a sign and David Blain who does more mind over body stuff -LRB- freezing his nuts off for days -RRB- . Chris Angel 's stuff can not be explained . If anyone 's seen the Halloween special you 'll know he 's amazing ! Ca n't wait to buy the dvd.PS
 I ca n't reccomend this Criss Angel 's mindfreak series enough . He is a real self made man , and one of the greatest magicians ever ! His goal is to make magic popular again , because in his words `` magic has become a cheap novelty '' . That 's so true . I can remember as a young child -LRB- in the 1980 's -RRB- watching these huge stage magic shows . There was alot of props , smoke and mirrors . It was pretty lame.Criss has changed that by performing mind bending illusions in public . Not only does he perform illusions , he also performs death defying stunts . Aside from the magic and stunts , Criss is a good guy with family values . Sure , he is a bit of a flirt when it comes to the ladies , but what guy in his position would n't be ? -LRB- DVD QUALITY
 Mindfreak
 Even you know these things ca n't happen , it is so incredible to see Criss Angel do them . Highly recommended .
 This man ROCKS ! I can not wait for this box set . Very , Very Entertaining ! I love Criss Angel ! He kicks Blain and Copperfield 's behind .
 I ca n't put it better than she just did . Nice job Bridgette !!
 This movie shipped fast brand new in wrapper . It was an awesome movie all should see !
 criss angel is simply awesome , we are lucky to be in his generation , becuase he is like the next houdini , but better . this season is very good , lthough the second seson is better i very much recommend to any criss angel or david blaine fan . if u like david blaine , then u 'll love criss angel . Criss angel levitated from a building to building , blaine could only levitate about 2-3 feet off the ground . which is still amazing as hell .
 criss angel is the coolest magician ever , if you can even call him that , some of his `` illusions '' are beyond the realm of magic , david blaine , copperfield no offense but separateing 2 rings that clearly arent all one piece is so last century and for kids , criss angel doesnt mess around ... some of the stuff he does will never be explained ...
 Criss Angel is hot in this DVD collection . I highly recommend buying this package !!!!
 This was a very good purchase . I love the show MindFreak and I watch this DVD over and over . It was worth every cent .
 Awesome !!!! Great response from Amazon . Got the item almost immediately after my order . Thanks !
 ... which is exactly what I told him when I met him at a meet n ' greet at Ozzfest this year . He had just stepped out of his RV and me and my girl were 5th and 6th in line to shake his hand and get an autograph . It was just so cool to meet him and we had no idea he was gon na be there . At that time I had just become a Mindfreak fan and let him know that my favorite episode was the one that had the `` deja vu '' trick in it . And that is definitely one of the cool things about his show . We get to see him go through the rigors of orchestrating his newest trick and in between he 'll walk the streets of Vegas or wherever and do tricks that would blow anyone away . I ca n't wait for this set to come out . I 'm gettin in on a pre-order and I 'll let everybody know about it just like I do when I see the latest Mindfreak episode . Blaine and Copperfeild can hit the bricks . Criss Angel is the new king of cool ...
 This writer loved Criss Angel from the moment she first saw Mindfreak on tv.Of course , it may be because she has a bit of a crush on him , but that 's beyond the point.So , when she saw the first season of the show on DVD , she had to have it.This writer loved his inventive tricks and his charismatic persona , however now seeing these shows with no ad interuptions , she has a few bones to pick.For starters , she really is sick of hearing from the advisors on how great he is . Shut the hell up!Another is the audience . They tend to overreact over Criss ' tricks . If she hears another idiot on the street jump , use a four-letter word , or ask how that was possible when ever he does an illusion , she is going to scream.Another is that she 's tired of seeing Criss ' `` family '' all the time . She does not want to see another scene of the fat woman , the kid on the bike , the count , the midget , or the beautiful woman in the skimpy dress.Fortunately , if you have a DVD player with a fast forward function , you can go past all of those bits.However , it is quite amusing to see the reaction of his real-life family before a stunt . One could almost form a drinking game just on the number of times J.D. becomes neurotic , Costa reassures him , and his mother panics -LRB- in fact , this writer has -RRB- . Other than its flaws , it is otherwise a good show and she hopes that there is a third season .
 I do n't know how he does it . The man is the best I have ever seen . I do n't think he is human . But he is beyond words amazing at what he does .
 I loved Criss Angel 's Mindfreak on TV and had to buy the DVD . It 's great
 If you have season 1 you need this ! Even if you are a fan of the show and have seen all episodes , this is a must for any MINDFREAK !
 The illusionism since Houdini ' s times had been remained silenced and diminished in what originality and dare concerned until the arrival of David Copperfield and more recently the overtopping presence of Criss Angel , whose diverse acts of illusionism , mental control , levitation , and absolute domain of his mental powers have become a true mass phenomena among the most audiencesThis Greek guy is really fabulous . He has left the old paths and on the contrary has returned the magic a renovated splendor , sharing with common people without that so expensive paraphernalia of great stages that tend to isolate the artist ; and this a very remarkable aspect to take into account because it constitutes a smart device to get into a broader target.Fantastic and mesmerizing !
 I 've been a fan of Chris Angel 's performances for some time . This looks like a terrific DVD set ; I 've already seen some of the performance material on it . I 'm looking forward to what I 'm sure will be terrific bonus footage , too !
 criss angle is amazing . this dvd shows his first season of mind blowing stunts
 I have only recently caught glimpses of Criss Angel 's magic ... and that was because my husband channel surfs so fast ... but when I got a shot of HIM , I made my husband go back immediately ! So sorry that I missed this first season , A&E was not a station I frequented that time of night ... BUT when I found the complete season for sale , believe me I jumped on it . Criss Angel is not only HAWT , but he is so very talented ! Illusionist on a well planned stage can hide cables and whatever it takes to do thier illusions , but Criss does his on the street and with ordinary people . He works hard to show you that there is no camera tricks , no cables , no hoky poky involved ... He does some awesomely amazing things that will freak you OUT ! Not called MindFreak for nothing ! I 'm a member of his loyal fans now ! see
 Is magic real ???? ... course not But magicians Criss Angel do make you think It could be ... I do n't Understand why some people are putting one star for this because criss angel is g ` damn amazing on season one ... Like many reviwers have said , most of his tricks will have you thinking about how he did them all the next day ... I HIGHLY recomend this if your a fan of magic in any way ... With stunts like getting hit by a car , Driving mandy moore blindfolded , And my personal fav guessing 4 of the lotto numbersAnd Having the Dj at the radio station pick the last one and all 5 come in , and more ... 5 stars all the way !!! , Ca n't wait for season 2 !!!
 just great just great great people to deal with will buy again GREAT MAGICIAN IVE EVER SEEN ILL BUY THE COMPLEATE SERIES
 I bought this as a gift for my daughter who is obsessed with magic and magicians . She is saving it for Halloween .
 if you buy this you will love it . the best one is back to school in the criss Angel season 2
 criss angel is so awesome my husband is into all the magic stuff and just finds criss to be amazing so i figured y not get his this for his birthday . . great product . . thanks
 Criss Angel fans , you will love this . Only complaint is the breaks -LRB- like on tv -RRB- they recap things and due to no commercial breaks , you seem to see more recaps of what just took place . wish they would cut those out , but he is definately one that always makes you say ` how did he do that ' .
 I 'm a fan of magic/illusions and the second season was one of my favorites . I highly recommend this dvd to all fans of Criss Angel .
 This was an AWESOME !!! my 11-year-old son enjoyed this very much and ca n't wait for the next set of discs for season 2 .
 This is an awesome Horror movie . I loved it . It was great to see Ashley in something other than a Twilight movie .
 summer 's moon is very refined , great plot and original . Moves at very good pace and ends with a flair . Not hard core blood bath type flick but has a plot or stoey line , can you inagine that in a horror film . very nicely done . We need more of these .
 I am a big fan of Ashley Greene , she is so beautiful . I did n't expect much from this movie but was pleasantly surprised . I really enjoyed the odd storyline , never done before to my knowledge . I was not a big fan of most of the dialogue , especially between `` Summer '' and `` Tom '' but overall it was an ok movie . I would recommend it to anyone who just likes to look at Ashley Greene or likes odd , low budget , B-rated scary movies . Just do n't expect too much and you will not be disappointed : -RCB- Summer 's Moon
 Ashley Greene looks phenomenal in a casual style in this film - much better than she does in Twilight where she wears weird baby doll shirts and just looks stiff.So here we have this very cute and very pretty young female hitching in what is obviously suburban/rural Canada -LRB- Canada just has a look -RRB- . She seems to be able to take care of herself and ends up spending the night with a pretty boy stranger who turns out to be a serial killer with a killing room in his basement . And his mother is fine with it.It 's all about Ashley surviving a family of sickos including the patriarch played by Rosemary 's Baby - yeah , Lucifer , Prince of Lies , Stephen McHattie himself who like John Glover is a standout at playing evil and scary.In my opinion , this movie is well worth watching .
 This movie was a lot better than I thought it would be ! I enjoyed the performances of Ashley Greene and Peter Mooney . I thought they had good -LRB- albeit twisted -RRB- chemistry . I 'm not sure why they decided to call the movie `` Summer 's Moon '' as it has nothing to do with a moon . -LRB- probably to capitalize on New Moon ? -RRB- Summer 's Blood would 've made more sense ... although that would 've made it sound like a gory horror film , which it certainly is n't . The most enjoyable performance was by Stephen McHattie , who does n't arrive until the last 20 minutes , but he definitely makes his presence known . I 've watched the movie multiple times and I always look forward to the moment he comes crashing on to the screen .
 SUMMER 'S MOON -LRB- aka
 Summer 's Moon is a suspense horror movie that starts off with the hot-headed and rebellious young Summer -LRB- Ashley Greene , who plays Alice in the `` Twilight '' series -RRB- hitch-hiking to the small town of Massie to find the father she never knew . Well , she finds her blood relatives , but also finds a lot of trouble along the way , stumbling first upon a mentally unbalanced , twisted and incestuous family before later coming to meet her biological father.The insane family is n't in the vein of Leatherface and his clan in `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' , this is a perfectly normal-looking family at first glance , living in a clean , attractive home not far from town . It 's only when you discover the unsettling relationship between mother and son , and the human additions to the son 's ` garden ' in the basement , that their true nature becomes apparant . And then things go from bad to worse when Daddy comes home.Stephen McHattie plays the family patriarch , away from home for long periods of time on business and on other pursuits . McHattie , as Gant Hoxey , delivers one of the best and most subtly creepy performances as a psychopath that I 've ever seen . As with Anthony Hopkins as Hannibal Lecter , his effectiveness comes largely from the fact that much of the time there 's nothing in his demeanor to suggest the violence and horror we know that 's in there . There 's a scene of the character in a park , sitting on a bench and sipping a drink , looking perfectly friendly and non-threatening , looking around at the park , noticing the pretty girls around ... But with what we 've seen of the character previously , and knowing his less-than-friendly intentions , especially toward the pretty girls , the otherwise benign scene is incredibly intense and disturbing . The filmmakers take their time with this scene , as they do with a number of spots in the movie where the atmosphere is given time to grow and take on a really eerie feeling.Ashley Greene also does a great job in this , and it 's great to see a bit more of her than inTwilight -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB- . The cast in general is good , and the production well-made . There are little nods to other movies the cast has made - Summer 's mother is named ` Twila ' and in one part of the movie Summer 's even dressed very much like Bella from Twilight ! In a bit more subtle homage , the small town is named Massie , the same as the surname of McHattie 's character Grant Massie inPontypool -LRB- a criminally underseen gem , by the way -RRB- . There 's one angle in Summer 's Moon , very small and subtle , but it adds a whole new possible dimension to the movie . I 'm hesitant on whether to mention it , and am going to put it after my usual spoiler warning . **** WARNING - POSSIBLE SEMI-SPOILERS AHEAD **** As I mentioned , the family house is very nice and clean . I do n't know exactly how to say this , because it 's probably better if noticed on one 's own -LRB- hence the spoiler warning -RRB- but it adds such a powerful question to the whole movie . Put bluntly , when Gant returns home , the number of flies in the house jumps way up . It 's nothing obvious , like in The Amityville Horror where you 'd see a whole room swarming with them , but in various scenes in and out of the house , there 's discreetly a fly or two buzzing around in the background for a couple seconds when McHattie 's character is present or near . Nothing is commented on this within the movie , and it 's so subtle -LRB- not All his scenes have them , by any means -RRB- that in real life one may never notice it , but given the character and the un-nerving sense of creepiness coming off him -LRB- hidden under a very sociable , charismatic exterior -RRB- , this whole angle has obvious and powerful implications . **** END SEMI-SPOILERS ****** Summer 's Moon leaves you with an eerie feeling after the credits have finished rolling , and there are questions that are deliberately left unanswered . Sometimes it 's better not to go and spell everything out neatly in the last five minutes of the movie . This is one of those cases . Also known by the title `` Summer 's Blood '' , this is definately one to get .
 Trying to subvert the expectations associated with the family of serial killers horror subgenre , SUMMER 'S MOON offers an idealized small town and an attractive family as the villians and Twilight 's Ashley Greene as the heroine who has more in common with these killers than she 'd care to admit.While the movie plays it relatively coy with the amount of on-screen bloodshed -LRB- compared to other recent horror films -RRB- , this restraint actually works in the film 's favor -- making it the perfect horror trojan horse for a younger audience who might not be prepared/old enough for more graphic scenes . The ideas about family , and nature vs / nuture , and the twists within the story will freak them out enough .
 Pretty good movie ! I love Ashley Greene ! It 's good to see her in little flicks outside Twilight . She did a great job in this one !
 Length :
 I really do n't have much to say about this movie other than the fact that it is extremely well put together and I think that the director really captured the futility of the first World War and the terrible mistakes made by the ANZAC forces and the British . I loved the movie but the ending really did kind of suck because it was so terrible and so very quick .
 I normally avoid war movies because they glorify war and I have two sons that I would rather not see perish in one , but because my husband is Australian I rented this movie . Gallipoli is a furious indictment of war and the colonial mentality . It presents the brave but ultimately terrifyingly futile massacre of poorly equipped ANZAC soldiers as they are slaughtered on behalf of the British by the Ottoman Turks in 1914 . The story opens with scenes of a blond Adonis from the out back played by the indescribably wholesome and morally upright Mark Lee running barefoot against a horse . Lee plays a nave promising athlete as well as furious patriot . Who secretly enlists whilst underage because he is seduced by the jingoism of hero worship and bravery that serves to conceal the wretchedness and carnage of the battle field . He is joined in his endeavors by the older shrewder rakishly handsome but blatantly self-centered son of a rabidly anti-English , Irish Republican emigrant played by Mel Gibson . The oddball couple meet when Gibson looses all his money after a bet at a Fair . Though unwilling at first to travel with the younger man because he will be a burden . They eventually travel across country to enlist in Perth . Women as always are incidental in war films because they lack the requisite warrior mentality of brawn and martyrdom . But although feeble attempts at macho competition for the vacuous attentions of a country blond are depicted along side later lurid flashes of cheap Egyptian prostitutes on route to Gallipoli . It 's obvious that the men only have eyes for each other.In time honored tradition the lovers become separated and are united under the most horrendous circumstances imaginable . However before the films shocking climax which will leave you screaming abuse at the screen . There is plenty of gratuitous homo-erotic nudity and tomfoolery on bomb shattered beaches emphasizing the male bonding element of men against a common foe . However the true depth of Lee 's love for Gibson is demonstrated by his astounding self sacrifice . This vision will not only leave you gasping but will remain with you long after the credits have rolled . The characters are all believable right down to the racism towards the Egyptians with Gibson 's lecherous character a welcome antidote to the saintly Lee 's . The banter between the ANZAC soldiers is good natured and witty which only adds to the pathos at the films core . To say that Gallipoli was a sickening waste of human life is obvious . This film is a fitting tribute to their bravery . I am still waiting for a similar cinematic tribute to African soldiers contributions on behalf of the allies in the IIWW . This is the first anti-colonial film and Peter Weir deserves all credit for showing a part of world history that some politicians would prefer to see forgotten . Although Gallipoli is not a `` feel good moving '' by any stretch of the imagination . It is still a must see because it is comparable in quality to contemporary de-glamorizing war movies such as `` Saving Private Ryan '' .
 Sorry Matt Heller , but Gallipoli nowhere near approached US Civil War casualty levels ... not that any battle/war should be proud of having more casulaties than another as if its some contest . But just to set the record straight
 Hello . . Someone asked what happened to actor Mark Lee of GallipoliA few years after Gallipoli and before he went to Hollywood , He was invloved in a car accident . Mark did survive , however , it made him a vegetable . It was a great shame that he was injuired . Although you might be quick to blame other factors in this accident , Mark was drink driving at the time of the crash.So there you go.CUZ
 Also in W.W. II with Brit Gen. DickieMountbatton , but I 'll save that for abook review on that subject . When Melgets strafed at the end , it brings thepoint home . Expendable is the best wordI can think of to describe the what hap-pened to the flower of Aussie men 's youthand there is a monument to the men lost , unneccesarily in the stupid runs up theenemies guns in this Military disaster!Churchill , then a Brit Lt. really screwedup here ! Read my book review , unless youra Brit-O-Phile supremicist !
 Among the abundance of research material I have accumulated over the years , here is a brief commentary which is relevant to this film . I would be grateful to anyone who can identify the source . `` The generals thought they could do the job in three days . Land on the Gallipoli peninsula , clear it of Turks and disable the seaward defences . With a bit of luck it could all be accomplished in 72 hours . They failed too , and at a much greater cost in lives than the naval assault . For 259 days , from April 1915 to January 1916 , the allied forces hung on to their toeholds on Gallipoli . A total of about 500,000 men were landed there over the course of the campaign and almost 300,000 of them became casualties . For the Turks it was a great victory and marked the time they successfully stood against the greatest empire the world had ever seen . It threw up Mustapha Kemal , an obscure divisional commander , and propelled him on the road that would lead him to become the ` Father of the Nation . ' For the Australians it would provide the sacrifice that tempered their newly-forged nation in blood . For the British it was just another fiasco in a war full of them . '' I also want to acknowledge Ernest Raymond 's novel Tell England , -LRB- subtitled A Study In A Generation -RRB- , published in Great Britain in 1922 and now out-of-print . Anthony Asquith directed an earlier film version -LRB- 1931 -RRB- of Raymond 's novel , Battle of Gallipoli.Directed by Peter Weir and co-starring Mel Gibson -LRB- Frank Dunne -RRB- and Mark Lee -LRB- Archy -RRB- , this film first focuses on Frank and Archy 's childhood and youth , then shifts its attention to Gallipoli where so many of their eager and courageous comrades perished during combat with Turkish forces . So many lost their lives , to a significant extent because they were poorly-prepared for and then poorly-led in combat . To Weir 's credit , he allows the narrative to unfold without -LRB- or so it seems to me -RRB- imposing his own political opinions . Some have referred to this film as being `` anti-war . '' They may be correct but I prefer to view Gallipoli as an indictment of morally corrupt and incompetent leaders who betray the trust of youth , waste their lives to achieve unrealistic objectives , and then wash their filthy hands in the blood of those whom they have sent to their death.The acting is consistently outstanding but even more impressive to me is the cinematography . Credit Russell Boyd with capturing a series of images which have an impact I lack the eloquence to describe . They simply must be seen . One is of naked young soldiers swimming beneath the surface of a harbor under attack and as they struggle to escape death , the water becomes pink . -LRB- I wonder if Spielberg had that scene in mind when he planned the water-level photography during the first action sequence in Saving Private Ryan . -RRB- Weir co-authored the spare but literate screenplay with David Williamson . Well-done indeed . Those who share my high regard for this film are urged to check out All Quiet on the Western Front -LRB- 1930 -RRB- , Attack ! -LRB- 1956 -RRB- , Paths of Glory -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , and The Big Red One and Breaker Morant -LRB- both released in 1980 -RRB- . The next time political and military leaders are seriously thinking about placing young men and women in harm 's way , they should first be required to sit down and watch all of these films one after another ... and then after taking a brief break , see them again .
 I saw this movie almost 20 years ago and can recall many points as if I 'd seen it last night . It was a multiplex theater and I won the flip of a coin to choose the movie . I can say safely say that my life was changed by the fall of that coin.The movie takes you from the Australian outback , through Egypt , to the beach-head in Turkey where the Australian nation came of age . It is worth seeing just for this historical portrial.The movie 's ultimate insanity of war/pro humanity message is the one that will last for a life-time . My wife can still loose a night 's sleep at the mere mention of it 's name.So the next time you ask yourself , `` What are your legs ? '' and the answer comes back from 20 years , `` Steel springs . '' , I 'll know that you have seen this movie as well .
 I recently watched this movie for the 5th or 6th time , it had been a decade since I last saw it . This movie is as fresh today as it was in 1981 . The human story of this movie is great , the war story even greater . Do n't be fooled by the anti-British portrayal or the feeling of ` mateship ' that the characters enjoyed , all this adds to the movie . To this day I still believe it is Mel Gibson 's best movie role and whatever happened to Mark Lee ? . Regardless of age or race , enjoy this human story , the haunting soundtrack and tragic ending . This movie moved me to one day visit the battlefield which claimed so many ` son 's of Australia ' .
 As an Aussie , I know the history of Australia in WW1 and this film portrays it extremely well . Very realistic and exciting battle scenes make the final part and the whole movie a great film . Not many people know Australia and New Zealand had a big part in War but infact we have one of the best army in the world . An unpredictable ending and shows the courage of the grunts . Watch it now !
 After reading all the reviews I 'm amazed That nobody mentioned Mark Lee 's performance.He `` is '' the movie . That 's one of the most moving and nuanced portraits that I 've ever seen . I watched the movie for the first time as a child And still today the last scene haunts me . The movie is beautifully shot , and the acting is great ; But Lee 's acting is what carries It , and I 'll always wonder why he did n't become a major star .
 My son has seen Saving Private Ryan six times and I 've tried but the movie is simply too violent . Gallipoli drives home the same point that youth is wasted on war and older men make the decisions to send the young to their death . The scene that absolutely captivates me is the high ranking officer listening to Bizet 's duet from the Pearl Fishers , drinking champagne on his wedding anniversary knowing full well what will take place at dawn . Speilberg could never attain that with the amount of gory violence in his movie .
 Gallipoli is a film I have seen many times . As a youngster , its haunting images and soundtrack left a real impression on me . Now , as a teacher of history I often discuss the film with my pupils and it usually leaves a profound effect on each new class . It is quite simply an outstanding film in all respects . The character development is painstaking and makes the climactic battle scenes at the end all the more intense . Gibson , even at this early stage of his career , is brilliant displaying a wonderful sensitivity in the character of Frank . The cinematography , from the Australian and Egyptian deserts to the beaches at Gallipoli is breathtaking . It is both an entertaining and an important film that reminds us of a campaign that might otherwise have been long forgotten .
 They do n't make many films about World War I , partly because it was such a poorly-fought conflict consisting almost entirely of soldiers being machine-gunned down in no-man 's land . And the Gallipoli campaign was one of the most brutal , as well-illustrated in this movie . Still , I really liked this film , if only for the historical insights as to what would make an Australian travel half-way around the world to die fighting the Turks ? A great film , with a great cast !
 Very touching movie . The Anzacs fought a courages war against the Turks and the Turkish army defended their country well . Kemal Ataturk who commanded the Turkish army wrote to the Anzacs ; - Those heroes that shed their blood and lost their lives . . you are now lying in the soil of a friendly country . Therefore rest in peace.There is no difference between the Johnnies and Mehmets to us where they lie side by side here in this country of ours . . You , the mothers , who sent their sons from faraway countries wipe away your tears ; Your sons are in peace.After having lost their lives on this land they have become our sons as well . Kemal Ataturk ... This movie hounors the heroism and self-sacrifice that distinguished both the Anzacs and Turkish troops who took part in that bitterly fought campaign . We should learn from history and protect the human race , not destroy it . Peace and Love , Not War and Hatred .
 Of course , it has to be remembered that the Australians were the only entirely volunteer army in the First World War.No one fought at Gallipoli who did n't want to be there - in the sense that the soldiers all thought that fighting for the British was all part of a great adventure and an opportunity to see the world.Australia had two referenda on conscription and both were defeated during the war , against the government 's hopes of drafting young males into the war effort.Australian military units , like those in the battle of The Nek portrayed in Weir 's movie , were all recruited from particular regions . That meant that , as in The Nek , if they were wiped out , whole towns and villages lost all their young men , causing immense distress to their families and the tiny populations in rural communities who relied on the men to provide most of the farm labor . The recruitment of troops based on regions was abandoned as a result , and by the Second World War troops were recruited across the country.The first Australian recruits in WWI were all required to be 6 feet tall with a 40 inch chest - huge , gigantic and extremely fit men , all wiped out at Gallipoli.Another important issue
 Although Mel Gibson 's on the front cover of the DVD , he actually co-stars with the very blonde Mark Lee -LRB- who was on the original poster -RRB- , one of those actors who you might have expected to be much more famous nowadays than he is . The DVD itself is fine , although it 's a shame there are n't many extras - it 's in widescreen and there 's an interview with Weir , but there is n't a director 's commentary , which is a shame.The film itself leads up to the famous battle of ` The Nek ' , one of the most pointless assaults in a wasteful campaign . The first two-thirds of the film are essentially character-building -LRB- and , whisper it , a little dull -RRB- , and most viewers will be waiting for the final battle . Although it does n't have the blood-and-thunder approach of ` Saving Private Ryan ' , it 's just as memorable , and played out almost in real time . The actual attack was over and done with within forty minutes , with the eventual loss of over 300 ANZAC soldiers in an area the size of a tennis court - a small total compared to the tens of thousands killed at the Somme and Passchendaele , but just as horrific for being essentially futile.The soundtrack seems to be causing some controversy in these reviews - for some reason , Weir chose part of Jean Michel Jarre 's synth opus ` Oxygene ' to go over the top of the bits where the main characters are running , an odd choice which , although not massively distracting , seems a bit old-fashioned nowadays . Apart from that , the rest of the film has n't dated .
 As I write this after rewatching the movie , I 'm listening to Liam Clancy 's wonderful version of Eric Bogle 's heartbreaking `` And the Band Played Waltzing Matilda . '' There is nothing I can add to those wonderful postings by others before me except to agree that this picture should be rereleased to the general public and shown in history classes . It might wake up young Americans to the disaster in Iraq -- another senseless war with little planning and forethought and disastrous consequences with tens of thousands dead , wounded , maimed and irreparably damaged.A companion piece should be `` A Bridge Too Far , '' Richard Attenborough 's all-star film about Operation Market Garden , a scheme to put an early end to WWII which failed . Eisenhower gave in to Montgomery and the result was a disaster in which the Allies tried to take five bridges and had more casualties than the Normandy invasion . Seems nothing changes . Gallipoli made not a dent in politicans and military men 's minds . Another brilliant film .
 I just added this one to my collection . A great film . Mel Gibson at his best . A bit over the top with the attitude towards the British Officers . None the less , the fact remains that volunteering for a comabat unit , with all the idealistic notions that war is a glorious affair will get one killed . Throughtout history soldiers have been sent charging forward to meet certain death , as an acceptable loss . This is one of the films I would recommend to a parent trying to discourage a son wanting to volunteer to go off to war . Born On The Fourth of July , Platoon , and Article 99 and also serve as a warning that sometimes even surviving does n't end the horror . These people will get you killed .
 An infamous conflict in history that occurred during WW I , `` Gallipoli '' comes around for the infamous double dip from Paramount . This time around , though , Paramount gets it right and includes a six part documentary on the real conflict and the making of the movie . This was the first vehicle where I caught my first performance of Mel Gibson who along with Mark Lee create the heart and soul of Weir 's terrific film about the brutality of war . The film has aged remarkable well despite the use of early synthesizer music as an occasional score -LRB- much like `` Chariots of Fire '' whose synthesizer score pleasant as it is has aged badly -RRB- . Archy Hamilton -LRB- Lee -RRB- runs like the wind . He 's got the speed and ability to be an Olympic caliber athlete but his idealistic beliefs pull him away from running to serve in the war in the Australian cavalry . He 's joined by rival Frank Dunne -LRB- Mel Gibson -RRB- another amazing sprinter who competes for the money . The two strike up an unlikely friendship after their match against each other and end up enlisting despite Dunne 's initial disinterest in becoming yet another body trying to outrun flying bullets . This harsh indictment of the b senseless nature of war and how it robs the world of promising young men in their prime allows Weir to wax on the nature of what war costs a nation . Weir avoids the politics of right or wrong regarding the conflict instead focusing on the terrible cost war visits on human life . The visuals are frequent stunning and `` Gallipoli '' like Weir 's earlier films continued to show the breathtaking development of an amazing filmmaker with as much intelligence behind the camera as skill with it.Paramount 's previous release looked extremely good on DVD . This edition looks remarkable sharp and crisp with a nice reproduction of the textures , colors and clarity of the theatrical release . The 5.1 audio sounds fine here although clearly it is n't used to the optimal effect it could be given the film 's age.We get a six part documentary on the making of the film that also includes a bit of history . Featuring interviews with the late Bill Gammage author of `` The Broken Years '' , film director Weir , screenwriter Williamson actors Gibson , Lee and others from the production of the film the documentary focuses initially on the conditions that provoked the country to become involved in WWI despite no direct threat to their nation . It 's far from the dry documentaries that many people are accustomed to , the inclusion of those who were involved in the production of the film discussing the circumstances of the conflict at Gallipoli makes the documentary far more entertaining and interesting that one might expect otherwise . Inspired by Kubrick 's `` Paths of Glory '' Weir decided to do the film after visiting Gallipoli in Turkey . There 's footage that shows the historically preserved location . Weir discusses the emotional impact of his visit and how it solidified his decision to make the movie . Weir relates how there are still items from the war at the site . Weir brought Williamson on as the writer and the film 's genesis actually began in 1977 with their collaboration . They went through many drafts before discovering the core story . Gammage 's book which included letters from actual soldiers from the time became the touchstone for Weir and Williamson . We also get the original theatrical trailer for the film . There 's no commentary track as Weir is n't a fan of commentary tracks.A terrific film , this is a bitter reminder of the callousness of war . For those that feel the need to enlist this is an enlightening reminder that the job of the military is n't a game nor is it a frat . Once called into service war is a brutal , nasty business that plucks whole generations and wipes them from the face of the Earth sometimes for a questionable cause . Without going into the politics of the war , Weir brilliant visualizes the destruction of war and the script written by David Williamson provides perfectly realized characters in this powerful film .
 This is a really fantastic movie , but not for the reason that might at first glance attract a viewer . It is a war movie , but not really . Do n't watch this movie expecting a lot of action and adventure , it is definitely not `` Saving Private Ryan '' . Two Australian 's become friends on the way to Europe to fight in the war , why Australia is sending troops half way around the world is a question brought up , but when it comes down to it , men fight in battle because the compatriot next to them in the fox hole has become a friend and `` he '' is worthy of dying for.A very moving film and one of my all time favorite `` less known '' movies . I highly recommend this movie , just do n't expect a fast paced action thriller , it is slow at times , but highly worth it .
 This was so different that I really enjoyed it . The ending was not what I 'd expected and was very disappointed that it ended that way but all part of the quan . Unusual , some funny , heroic , patriotic ... LONG !
 great movie that I had never seen before . Sad ending though and kind of surprised where it ended , but great movie
 A wonderful film and a great example of what Australian cinema is capable of . An excellent representation of the spirit birthed from this horrendous conflict , taking us from a colony to a country .
 I wanted the last half hour for teaching World War One , and the video is excellent for showing a little known aspect of that war .
 I love the movie . I can watch them over and over again without being bored ! I highly highly recommended it !
 Very entertaining movie . I especially enjoyed the running scenes as I used to be a marathon runner and I appreciate the concept of physical endurance . Also , a nice story of friendship and a good study on soldiers and how they are willing to sacrifice their lives for what they believe to be a worthy cause . It is kind of a interesting story on how someone makes the best decision possible under terrible circumstances . In other words , he was going to die and he chose to die well instead of die as a coward . Also is a story of fate and how timing is everything . If Mel Gibson 's character had gotten the message to cease the attack to the officer in charge soon enough , his friend would not have had to die . At least not on that day , not in that battle .
 This movie is a must see for young adults and parents together - it shows a side of this war never learned in school and gives credit to the Australians who sacrificed so many young men for a British war !!
 Seen this movie growing up as a young adult in New Zealand . Till this day this movie is still one of my favorites . The comradery that develops between the main characters is captivating , and the ending is one that keeps you on the edge of your seat . The movie starts in the outback of Western Australia during World War I and later moves to northern africa and turkey . The viewer gets a good taste of Australian culture set in the early 1900 's and this alone makes the movie worth watching . I believe this is one of Mel Gibson 's first starring roles and is probably one of his best acting jobs . Great movie that belongs in anyone 's library who appreciates different culture and perspective on world war I . If you like a good laugh , and latter a cry , then this is the movie for you !
 one of the best , most persuasive movies on the utter futility of war as seen at the the level of the individual soldiers . Comparable to All Quiet on the Western Front . Great ending . I remember the first time I saw this movie in a art house theater in Reno . I just sat there after the closing scene somewhat stunned . Good acting , good plot . and Peter Weir , directing . Definitely worth viewing .
 I thought it was brilliant when it first appeared . Now , almost 30 yrs later , it is still a brilliant film - not dated at all . The extras on this DVD are terrific . The cast and production staff are interviewed and look back on the making of the film .
 Kemal Ataturk , founder of modern Turkish Republic was first of all , human . What he said about the dead of Anzac troops is a magnificient mark of this . `` THOSE HEROES THAT SHED THEIR BLOODAND LOST THEIR LIVES ... YOU ARENOW LYING IN THE SOIL OF A FRIENDLYCOUNTRY . THEREFORE REST IN PEACE.THERE IS NO DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THEJOHNNIES AND MEHMETS TO USWHERE THEY LIE SIDE BY SIDE HERE INTHIS COUNTRY OF OURS ... YOU , THEMOTHERS , WHO SENT THEIR SONS FROMFARAWAY COUNTRIES WIPE AWAY YOURTEARS ; YOUR SONS ARE NOW LYING INOUR BOSOM AND ARE IN PEACE . AFTERHAVING LOST THEIR LIVES ON THIS LANDTHEY HAVE BECOME OUR SONS AS WELL . ''
 There is a subtlety and a grace to this film that is often dismissed by viewers as being `` dull '' , now that we have witnessed the gore-and-explosion-packed MegaMovies that seem to exemplify the American war experience . This is regrettable . Because this is not an American story - it is an Australian -LRB- and New Zealander ! -RRB- one . When war broke out in Europe , Australia was still a very young , very small , and quite rural country . It is by necessity , then , that this movie is actually more a human drama set against a backdrop of war . The movie introduces us to two characters - very different , but with their characteristic Australian `` she 'll be right '' attitudes , both innately likable - and lets us watch as they move from predictable life in Australia into a world turned upside down . Through their eyes we see the situation the ANZAC troops are in go from bad , to worse , to catastrophic , until the staggering final scene hits us like a punch in the gut . ` Gallipoli ' is unusual because it makes the tragedy of war immediate to the viewer . It is n't the story of thousands of nameless dead . It 's the death of people you know , which makes it all the more heartbreaking .
 Gallipoli is one of Australia 's shining moments in film-making . Starring a very young Mel Gibson and Mark Lee , the film explores true mateship and the ridiculous requirements of war.Gallipoli was filmed in 1981 , and an interesting soundtrack from Jean Michael Jarre was included which really gives it an atmosphere that has made it hard to forget.DVD Comment : Why do classics like Gallipoli take so long to make it to DVD ? Released this year on DVD in Region 1 , but we are still waiting for its DVD release in Australia . Something odd with Aussie films . We are always the last to get our movies on DVD -LRB- still waiting for Picnic at Hanging Rock , yet it has been available on DVD in Region 1 for some time -RRB- .
 World War I may be far removed from many who fancy themselves devotees of films on war . Further from their thoughts still may be the battle fought at Gallipoli by the Australians and New Zealanders against the `` Fuzzies '' - the Turks.As part of the British Empire , the Aussies and the Kiwis were expected to fight for honor and country , but the `` Empire '' was merely using them as fodder and for diversion . It was a battle that the Empire knew could not be won , but one they wanted fought all the same.Gallipoli the film , demonstrates the ridiculousness of the British system of awarding officership to those from well-bred stock simply by virtue of their birth and not based on ability or skill . It becomes painfully obvious to even the most pedestrian of viewers that those in charge had n't a clue how to win this battle , but were more interested in maintaining proper British custom and etiquette.Mel Gibson -LRB- in an early role -RRB- and Mark Lee play friends/mates who learn friendship as a result of their love of running -LRB- track -RRB- . Lee 's character has the skill and ability to excel , but he is too young to enlist . His love of country is so strong , he forges his documents and is accepted into the army equestrian corp. . Gibson joins as well , more out of loyalty to his `` mate '' than to country and obligation.This drama shows the lengths to which two young men will go to defend honor , country , and friendship . While it shows one of the most realistic battle scenes shown with regard to this war , it is not a war picture.The final scene of this film is so riveting and heartbreaking that it is impossible to view it without shedding more than a few tears . It is further impossible to view it without finding a palpable anger deep inside for those who would put in charge those who lack the fundamental skills to strategize in favor of those with station in society.I highly recommend this film . You 'll not find many films nearly as well produced , directed , portrayed , and crafted .
 Ausralia came of age during the Gallipoli campaign , and Australia vaulted to America 's radar when this movie appeared.With a young Mel Gibson as the co-star , `` Gallipoli '' is the story of two young Australian blokes who sign up for the great adventure -LRB- and defending the Empire -RRB- WW1 was thought to be in 1914 . How ugly were the realities of trench warfare , as they soon discovered.A powerful movie with a very sad ending - highly reccomended !
 The tragedy that was Gallipoli is portrayed in this movie in which Mel Gibson gives a solid acting role during his much younger days . The broader political and social issues walk hand in hand with the individual stories of young Australians going off to war . One learns - vividly - of the British policy and practice of treating its `` colonials '' as cannon fodder in their war efforts , of the strains among social classes and even the Irish-English tensions . In the end the brave men of the Lighthorse and infantry , all social classes , young and old , officers and privates are sent over the top in order to protect the British landing which had already occurred resulting in the taking of their normal daily tea . It 's also a story of deep friendship and sacrifice - a theme which has recurred throughout Gibson 's better works . When one looks just underneath the bloody surface of this movie , and of many of Gibson 's performances , one can see the solid truth being presented . If you like History , can appreciate the rugged individualism of Australia , and the deeper truths we all confront Gallipoli is very good . A young Mel Gibson gives an excellent performance for his age .
 A touching drama about the futility of war and the power of male friendship . `` Gallipoli '' stars a young Mel Gibson as a champion runner and reluctant soldier in the World War I battle of the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey . The story of his friendship with another runner -LRB- Mark Lee -RRB- and the idealistic dreams both men have of glory and adventure in the war develops into a ghastly look at the horror of a suicide mission and the waste that Australians experienced , as hundreds of their young men were slaughtered . Gibson was just another working actor at this point , not yet the megastar he is today , and he blends in with the fine ensemble cast and delivers a poignant performance , while Mark Lee steals the show as the naive boy who dreams of adventure and winds up in the horrific experience of trench warfare . A strong , emotionally wrenching war film , highly recommended .
 The Bottom Line : Do n't expect an action movie , for this is a deliberately-paced , character-based drama of a war film ; that being said , however , it 's an impeccably made and very moving look at the futility and senselessness of war .
 A brilliant , deeply moving re-staging of the World War I invasion and battle of Gallipoli by Australian-New Zealand troops , a young Mel Gibson stands out in a superb Australian cast , and director Weir expertly evokes time and place , using his camera to send the unspoken message
 I first saw this film years ago and was deeply moved by the sacrifice made by the young men who volunteered to fight for what they considered the Mother country . The fact that these men were very much the best of their generation makes their loss even more poignant . I defy anyone not to be moved by the final scenes as the lads going over the top.The film is slightly marred by the rather cliched depictions of the British . The impression given that the Aussies were being slaughtered while the British quaffed tea is an insult to the many thousands of young working class men from Britain who died with their ANZAC allies at Gallipoli . Some may say this is a minor point but I have met more than one Aussie who takes the films story as fact and believes only ANZACS died at Gallipoli .
 The film Gallipoli is a great film and should be seen by anyone who would like to learn about the harshness of war . Like any film , it has innaccuracies , such as the exaggeration of blame shouldered upon British officers . Whether the mis-timing of the run at The Nek , allowing the Turks to get into their firing positions was entirely due to a watch which did n't read the correct time , I can not be sure . The sheer bravery that was needed for soldiers to run to their inevitable doom was high , and many Australian and New Zealand men gave their lives and careers to go and fight . However much over-dramatisiation there is in Gallipoli , it is required to teach the world of how cruel , harsh and needless war can be .
 Gallipoli is an essential movie to see . It 's simply excellent . The characters are real to us , because more than half the movie does n't really have anything to do with the war , but focuses solely on character development . It portrays extremely well the futility of war , the misconceptions and self-deceptions of many young men who want to be soldiers . It 's simply an incredibly strong , involving , and honest antiwar movie that the ending , while somewhat abbreviated , is amazingly strong and effective . It really punches you in the gut . Definitely put this movie on your must see list . It is outstanding .
 I still remember the first time I saw this movie on HBO . I was a little kid . I will never forget this movie , especially the ending . Anyone interested in the First World War should watch this film . Without giving too much away , this movie is in three parts . Young Archie and Mel Gibson in Australia , the funtime that was the army in peacetime , and the third and final act
 This movie is superb . In response to the commentary below , England may have lost more men than the ANZACs , but it is also true that proportionally more Australians and New Zealanders per head of population were lost than any other country involved in the war . ANZAC day has more meaning to many Australians than Australia day . If you had ever been present at the dawn service @ Gallipoli itself or at any of the war memorials throughout the country or at the Cenotaph in Sydney , you would agree . I am Australian , of Australian parents and my great grandfather served @ Galipoli . To denigrate those who died there is to denigrate Australia and the point at which it is generally regarded Australia became a nation . This movie is not a celebration of war . It is a celebration of those who fought and serves to demonstrate that war is ultimately a foolish waste of life . Mel Gibson 's acting is very strong and the soundtrack is in parts haunting . This movie is a must see for Australians in particular and others in general .
 It 's unfortunate in the extreme that the First World War has largely fallen by the wayside . If we hear anything about the conflict at all , it 's usually on the History Channel or another network airing a documentary full of grainy , black and white clips of men stumbling over the top of trenches . Interest in historical events tends to drop off significantly when those involved pass away , and in the case of the generation that fought this horrific war not only have they exited the stage , they have left the building as well . I developed a life long interest in `` the war to end all wars '' after seeing Peter Weir 's 1981 film `` Gallipoli '' in a small , run down art house theater at the age of ten . I did n't understand the historical context at the time , but this dramatic interpretation of events that unfolded in the Dardanelles during 1915 left a lasting impression on my impressionable mind . I recently rewatched the film and can say that it still works as an intense drama and as a serious antiwar statement . Weir 's overt hostility toward the British commanders at Gallipoli , however , does n't stand up as well . By the way , this is one of the films that propelled Mel Gibson to international stardom.Weir decided to focus his film not on the massive armies battling away in Europe , but on two individuals living in Australia . Archy Hamilton -LRB- Mark Lee -RRB- and Frank Dunne -LRB- Mel Gibson -RRB- are two of the fastest runners in the country . Hamilton trains with his demanding grandfather , who promises the young lad that if he works hard he may yet go down as the next national sports hero . Frank , on the other hand , wanders around the country with a few buddies taking any job he can get and generally just having a lot of fun . News of the escalating war in Europe is vague and distant , referenced only when someone brings up a news story they saw in the paper . Archy wants to go and fight , attracted by the lure of glory that has suckered millions of young people since the dawn of time into disaster . Frank does n't think of war as glory , and when his pals bring up the idea of enlisting he quietly makes his position known . Both of these young men 's lives are forever changed after the end up competing against each other in a foot race at a regional fair . Archy barely wins , but a friendship develops between the two that soon finds Frank tagging along when Archy decides to enlist in the illustrious cavalry . Frank agrees to join with Archy , once he discovers that the ladies love a soldier , but goes into the infantry after failing to qualify for the light horse unit.It really does n't matter anyway since horses wo n't make a bit of difference when the ANZAC -LRB- Australian and New Zealand Army Corps -RRB- soldiers head first to Egypt and then the Dardanelles for combat against the Ottoman Turks . What the war effort needs are bodies capable of running headlong into a withering wall of machine gun fire , and cavalry troops minus their steeds will work in this capacity just as well as infantrymen . Before they reach the killing fields , Archy and Frank reunite during a training exercise in Egypt . Hamilton convinces his commander to enlist Dunne in the cavalry , claiming that his skills as a runner rival his own and that both men will make a major contribution to the regiment . Weir shows us plenty of carefully crafted scenes of the men having a good time in Cairo , of the deepening camaraderie taking place even as the war looms larger and larger in the background . The movie takes a doom and gloom turn as the ANZAC forces land at Gallipoli to take part in the fighting . Casualties mount as attacks designed to expand the beachhead fail under Turkish machine guns . Soon , Archy and Frank know they will have to go over the top too , and realize they will certainly perish in the process . The conclusion to `` Gallipoli '' is one of the most emotionally grinding , soul shattering denouements in motion picture history.The only thing I found extremely irritating about `` Gallipoli '' is the cheesy synth musical score , which now sounds so early 1980s that it dates the picture terribly . I think the message about how people join up to go to war for all the wrong reasons , however , is still highly relevant . And if there was any war that everyone should have avoided , it was World War I. Generals and leaders still subscribed to antiquated notions of warfare , never taking into account machine guns , poison gas , and airplanes would decimate the troops . The fatalities were truly appalling , with millions perishing in muddy trenches during the four year conflict . Weir expertly depicts the squalid conditions of the trenches , but he goes too far blaming the film 's fatal charge on the British commanders . First of all , far more British soldiers died during the campaign in the Dardanelles than did members of ANZAC . Second , why place the onus for the war on the British ? Plenty of commanders on all sides made mistake after mistake in this conflagration , mistakes that resulted in so many fatalities that it 's a wonder humanity did n't rise up and cast their leaders into the fire . `` Gallipoli '' wins the day in the end thanks to the charm of Mark Lee and Mel Gibson . Weir 's cinematography sinks its claws in as well . Check out the shots of the Australian outback , the Red Cross party , and the landing at Gallipoli to learn why . The transfer looks good , but the only extra on the disc is a short interview with Weir about the making of the film . I wanted a commentary track for this film desperately , and still hope a special edition will arrive on the market in the near future . If you have n't seen `` Gallipoli , '' check it out soon .
 There 's been a few things said about this movie , several reviewers mentioned that it was slow-moving , and another pointed out with exasperating pedantry the historical inaccuracies , but I 'd like to say that I think ` Gallipoli ' is a good movie . It was well shot and well acted , the characters were real and believeable , the score was magnificient , the story was inspiring , and although the script had less action than , say , ` Saving Private Ryan ' it also was n't wasteful - one would n't have cared about the people if one did n't know them.Which is also the point . If ` Gallipoli ' was n't historically accurate , and it 's tough to represent a yearlong epic in an hour and a half , one does get the point . Which , of course , is that wars , especially this one , and especially this battle , are stupid , self-serving and pointlessly destructive endeavors.I 'm dumbfounded by the reviewer who chose to lambaste the portrayal of the British officers in the campaign . I 'm surprised an Aussie would say that , but then again there 're plenty of Yanks who 'll second guess Harry S Truman from now till the end of time , so who am I to judge . While I 'm the first to admit that those words were probably not said , I have to believe that the blue blood of the capital officers taught them not to give a damn about the sweat and blood of some poor sons-of-criminals from a lost colony . I 'm not alone , and I quote from John Merriman 's History of Modern Europe , p1059 , `` Other -LSB- historians -RSB- agree with most contemporaries who believed that -LSB- Gallipoli -RSB- was a needless diversion dictated by British colonial interests in the Middle East and for which Australian and New Zealander troops paid a disproportionate price . `` The aristocratic attitude of the officers in the Great War was the single thing that caused the casualty rates The well-bred officers did n't care that they were sending men with bolt-action rifles against entrenched machine guns because they were just peasants -LRB- or Australians -RRB- anyway . That is the historical truth , and I for one like how it came out in the training sequence as well as the battle sequences of this movie . It belongs in the collection of anybody who does n't want to go to war .
 This is one of the best films I 've ever seen . Mark Lee and Mel Gibson are magnificent and positively radiant in this tale of two friends caught up in a horrifying war ... the innocence of these characters , and their courage , will move you to tears . Peter Weir has made many wonderful films -LRB- like `` Witness '' -RRB- but none in my opinion as powerful as this . The score by Brian May is beautiful and uses Albinoni 's glorious `` Adagio in G minor '' for the titles , credits , and during the film . If you were only to see 10 films in your entire life , this should be one of them .
 While Gallipoli is only a `` war '' movie for about the last 45 minutes , it is still among the best war movies made . In fact , I believe that the attention paid to character development , which fleshes out the characters and makes them more than just uniformed soldiers to the viewer , is really what makes this a great anti-war film.I first saw this film in 8th grade , when my history class was studying the Great War and its causes . The callousness of the British officers as depicted in the movie was probably somewhat exaggerated , and there are historical inaccuracies in the film , but these are minor points best left to be argued by people who do n't have a life . -LRB- Like those who argue about certain points of detail in `` Saving Private Ryan '' -RRB- All in all , I rate this movie among other anti-war greats as Stalingrad , Cross of Iron and Platoon .
 This excellent film is probably the best movie made by the talented Australian director Peter Weir . While Weir has a made a number of very good films , notably The Year of Living Dangerously and the recent Master and Commander , the subject matter of Gallipoli is the most serious of any of Weir 's films . Gallipoli is the general title for the series of WWI battles in which the Western Allies attempted to force the Dardanelles and knock Turkey out of the war . Some , including Winston Churchill , himslef one of the prime movers behind the campaign , argued that Allied success at Gallipoli would have been decisive . This has been disputed by recent historians . The Gallipoli campaigns were the first large scale attempt at amphibious assault and were an organizational and tactical disaster . The Allied commanders flubbed several chances to beat the Turks . The Turkish defense was tenacious and much of the action became the trench warfare characteristic of much of WWI . The Allies failed , at great cost , though Turkish casulties were also quite high.Gallipoli holds a special resonance for Australians . The Australian and New Zealand Army Corps -LRB- ANZAC -RRB- was the first major overseas participation of Australian and New Zealand troops fighting as national formations . The ANZACs fought courageously , prefiguring the outstanding performance of Australian and New Zealand infantry in both World Wars . Gallipoli appears to occupy the place in Australian history that the Civil War occupies in American life . Australia -LRB- possibly also New Zealand -RRB- is the only country that regularly celebrates a major military defeat.Weir 's movie is a powerful depiction of the Australian experience at Gallipoli . The story is simple . A pair of friends from Western Australia enlist , are sent to Gallipoli , and one of them dies in one of the famous and bungled attacks characteristic of the campaign , indeed of the whole war . Weir uses this conventional war movie formula in particularly creative ways . A good deal of the movie takes place prior to enlistment . Weir uses these scenes to convey his image of Australia as rural , provincial , starkly beautiful , and in important ways , profoundly innocent . The war scenes are beautifully prepared and photographed . Weir and his team apparently used a careful study of photographs from Gallipoli to construct scenes in the movie . I recognized parts of scenes as being almost identical to some famous photos of trench life in Gallipoli . The scenes before and during the climactic assault are devastatingly powerful.This film was made in Australia , by Australians , and for Australians . Some important aspects of the story are simply assumed . These are things that would be known by Australians but not by Americans . The infantry assault depicted in the film were diversions and part of the Battle of Suvla Bay , an attempt to break out of the limited beachheads established in the initial landings . Had the Suvla Bay attacks been successful , the Allies would have beaten Turkey in 1915 . Suvla Bay almost succeeded and failed largely because of poor leadership and communications . Because of the latter , the sacrifice of the ANZACs was entirely wasted . Australian audiences would know this and this fact gives the ending of the film a particularly bitter flavor . The end of the movie shows the suicidal attack of the Light Horse on entrenched Turkish positions . The Light Horse suffered 50 % casulties that morning .
 I have recently finished watching and studying Gallipoli for my English class at school . I am a proud New Zealander , and what happened at Gallipoli is a part of my heritage . Any normal person will feel sad for the men who died and their families , and any moral person will know that it was a tragedy of the inhumane kind , but it was only after watching this film that I fully understood why we commemorate the day the soldiers ' fate was sealed . This film is a masterpiece in the finest sense . I loved every minute of it , every line , every close up of a soldier who knows he will soon die , and most of all I love how for the first time in my life , I am still moved by a film , 2 weeks after I watched it .
 Those of us in the U.S. are raised with the story of `` The Alamo '' as a tale of young national sacrifice . Take that story , multiply it greatly , stick it in Turkey during World War I , and you 've got Australia/New Zealand 's national story of sacrifice.This is a great , early Peter Weir classic . Two runners become friends in early 1900s Western Australia . Archy -LRB- Mark Lee -RRB- loves family , god and country , and yearns to serve his country in the Great War . Frank -LRB- young Mel Gibson -RRB- covers his painful youth with love of self , yet finds himself following Archy to war.A great tale of honor and sacrifice set in the context of one of Australia 's great and tragic campaigns of the first World War . The sets and sights are desert-rich . Some people are turned off by the Jean-Michel Jarre music in the sountrack , but I found it to be appropriate and mood-setting . Weir has a taste for picking music that adds tremendous force to scenes . Pay attention to the details , such as the bottle of Major Barton 's `` anniversary '' wine.This movie tore my heart out . I first saw in in a `` arts '' theater over twenty years ago . When it was finished , I just sat in my seat . I could n't get the final frame and Albinoni 's `` Adagio '' out of my mind for a couple of days . A must-see for any serious movie aficionado .
 I am only 16 years old and had to watch Gallipoli for an English assignment . It is now one of my favourite movies as it really touched me and made me feel for the characters , Archy and Frank . This movie is a must see , esp for people my age as it shows some of the horrors of the first world war and is very interesting.Mark Lee was great as the country bumkin Archy . I often wonder why Lee did n't do as well as Mel Gibson after Gallipoli 's success.It is n't really a war movie , but a movie about how people cope with war . Gallipoli manages to scare and chill the viewers about war , yet there is very little blood and guts.Gallipoli on DVD is a must have , and it 's so cheep too .
 One of my ten all-time favourites . I 've seen it many times , and I always find it wonderful - how it shows some young , idealistic persons , their thoughts , their relationships ... and then the fim confront these people with the cruelty of war - This film conveys very deep feelings , and the music of Jean Michel Jarre and the Adagio of Albinoni both help a lot to make the film so moving -LRB- after watching the film for the first time , I hurried up to find those pieces of music , also among my all-time favourites -RRB- . I 've read some reviews in Amazon in which Australian and British reviewers argue about the role of the aussies in the WWI , or about the historical correctness of the film . I guess that if my country - Spain - was portrayed in a film in a way that I found unfair , I would also complain ; but for me , those discussions are meaningless in this case
 This excellent movie is all about the formation , training , and ultimate disastrous ordeal under fire of an Australian Horse Dragoon in 1915 during WW I. Mel Gibson and Mark Lee play the two main characters , different in backgrounds but similar in their patriotic fervor and superb running ability . The movie is in three parts
 Story is Australian Patriots in WWI . Who gave there lives largely a result of there British Officers Error . I saw this on the History Channel and wanted a copy for myself . I understand that when this movie was shown in Australia for the first time . The audience sat in silence for 20 or 30 minutes contemplating . Mel Gibson and Mark Lee are tops .
 `` Gallipoli '' is one of the greatest epics of all time -LRB- behind `` Braveheart and `` The Patriot '' -RRB- . Mel Gibson and Mark Lee -LRB- incl . the rest of the cast -RRB- gave great performances that were worthy of Academy Awards . Mel Gibson has always been my favorite actor and the light in my eyes . I 'm very proud to be a fan of this awesome actor who is good in every movie he has been in because his movies vary -LRB- drama , war/epic , historical , comedy , action -RRB- . Plus , Mel looks so fine in this movie -LRB- great EYE CANDY -RRB- . Mark Lee is also kind of cute . If you love Mel Gibson , or just like to watch great movies , `` Gallipoli '' is the movie for you . I also recommend `` Braveheart '' and `` The Patriot '' .
 A simple tale of a runner who would give his life for his country . While most people call this an anti-war movie , I would say that it is actually neutral on the subject of war.Archie wanted to serve Australia more than anything . He ran primarily for his country . That is why he wanted to serve in the war so desperately . But in the end , when he lost his life at Gallipoli , was it not the same result ? Australia was only really recognized as a country with an identity after that battle . Australia wanted most of all to be recognized by the British . The battle in which Archie lost his life did just that . So in the end , Archie could have stayed out of the war and done just the same with his life.At any rate , the movie scores an A + as far as acting , storyline , and especially in music . The middle part of the movie was rather slow and almost pointless for the most part . From when Archie and Frank got to Egypt to when they first saw real combat is a zone with little plot . Granted , this is an area where characterization , especially a love of Archie and Frank is built up , but overall the middle boring.Still , it has the best ending moment of any film I 've ever seen , and it says a lot about reality , idealism , and the human spirit .
 Wonfully crafted film , with fine performances . Beautiful cinematography that captures the surreal quality of war . This movie should be re-released with a new soundtrack , and then I would give it 5 stars . What was Peter Weir thinking when he agreed to the score ?
 gelibolu was the turkish slap to the face of imperialist english guys.turkish army was commanded by m. kemal ataturk who set up the turkish republic later on.m . kemal said to his soldiers `` i dont want you to fight i want you to die '' . after the war m. kemal said for anzacs died there `` they are our sons too who died n buried on this land '' .
 Ok film may not be very accurate , It is know now that it was an British officer who stopped the `` over the top mentality `` But lets take a look at it this way so many young people died on both sides , it 's pity they did n't keep playing soccer like they did before , Lest we forget because if we do it will happen again and again
 Gallipoli is the story that follows Archie , an up and coming track star in Australia . He sees propaganda in the newspapers that convinces him , -LRB- in his eyes -RRB- to be a man and join the army . He meets another runner named Frank , and they form a great friendship . Archie convinces Frank to join up and they find each other in Egypt during basic training . They are sent to Gallipoli and made to fight a useless battle against the German-allied Turks . Archie was asked to be a runner , which would have spared his life , but he knew how scared Frank was and showed great generosity and unselfishness by giving that opportunity to Frank . The movie ends with Frank coming back with the command to stop fighting . He then hears the command from the front to go over the top . Archie goes over and is killed in the final scene , with Frank still running to tell the commander to stop sending the troops . I really liked this movie because of it 's emotional impact . It is difficult to get choked up at the end .
 I normally avoid war movies because they glorify war and I have two sons that I do n't want to perish in one however my husband is Australian so I rented this movie . Gallipoli is a furious indictment of war and the colonial mentality . It presents the brave but ultimately terrifyingly futile massacre of poorly equipped ANZAC soldiers as they are slaughtered on behalf of their British allies by the Ottoman Turks in 1914 . The story opens with scenes of a blond Adonis from the out back played by the indescribably handsome and morally upright Mark Lee running barefoot against a horse . Lee plays a nave promising athlete as well as furious British empire patriot . Who secretly enlists whilst underage because he is seduced by the jingoism of hero worship and bravery that serves to conceal the wretchedness and carnage of the battle-field . He is joined in his endeavors by the older shrewder rakishly alluring but blatantly self-centered son of a rabidly anti-British , Irish Republican emigrant played by Mel Gibson . The oddball couple meet when Gibson looses all his money after a bet at a Fair . Though unwilling at first to travel with the younger man because he will be a burden the sexual chemistry between the two is immediately clear and more authentic than with any of Gibson 's dowdy female costars . They eventually travel across country to enlist in Perth . Women as always are incidental in war films because they lack the requisite warrior mentality of brawn and martyrdom . Gallipoli is no exception to the rule although there are feeble attempts at macho competition for the vacuous attentions of a country blond depicted along side later lurid flashes of cheap Egyptian prostitutes on route to Gallipoli . It 's obvious that the men only have eyes for each other.In time honored tradition the lovers become separated and are united under the most horrendous circumstances imaginable . However before the films shocking climax which will leave you screaming abuse at the screen . There is plenty of gratuitous homo-erotic nudity and tomfoolery on bomb shattered beaches emphasizing the male bonding element of men against a common foe as well as Gibson 's reputation as a smoldering sex-god . The films credibility is salvaged by the intensity of Lee 's portrayal of the true depth of his astonishing love for the wily Gibson . This is demonstrated by his astounding self-sacrifice , which is the pivot of the story . This vision will not only leave you gasping and emotional and perhaps for some even tearful that it will remain with you long after the credits have rolled . The characters are all believable right down to the racism towards the Egyptians with Gibson 's lecherous character a welcome antidote to the saintly Lee 's . The banter between the ANZAC soldiers is good natured and witty which only adds to the pathos at the films core . To say that Gallipoli was a sickening waste of human life is obvious . This film is a fitting tribute to their bravery . I am still waiting for a similar cinematic tribute to African soldiers contributions on behalf of the allies in WWII . This is the first anti-colonial film and Peter Weir deserves all credit for showing a part of world history that some politicians would prefer to see forgotten . Although Gallipoli is not a `` feel good movie '' by any stretch of the imagination . It is still a must see because it is comparable in quality to contemporary de-glamorizing of war movies such as `` Saving Private Ryan '' .
 I read a comment that said this was Australia 's baptism of fire because the country is so young ... you wan na talk about baptism of fire ... Turkey did n't even exist yet , and still the Turks fought for their nation . That 's true heroism .
 It was a very good movie , and I enjoyed it alot . i would recomend seeing this movie .
 The battle of Gallipoli is one of the more horrible episodes of the First World War . Australian and New Zealand forces were slaughtered by the Turkish troops in a bloody afair that has been celebrated in song `` Waltzing Matilda '' and in a National holiday in Australia.This film follows a group of young Australian men who enlist and find themselves in this horrific scene . The majority of the film deals with the pre-battle establishment of who these guys are and allows for the viewer to begin to appreciate their characters before the final segment which is set during the battle itself.The movie is really well done . Beautifully filmed , well written and acted with outstanding performances including one from a very young looking Mel Gibson.Ultimately this is a testiment to the absolute futilty of war and the sacrifice of young lives for what later turn out to be meaningless objectives . What I like is that the movie is not preachy or overtly anti-war , it just allows the images to speak for themselves .
 I wanted to correct a previous review from Dec 31 , 2000 that stated actor Mark Lee was in a vehicular accident and left a vegetable . This information is patently false . Mark Lee is alive and well , still acting and taking on the occasional directing project . As for `` Gallipoli , '' it 's one of my favorite anti-war films and its final image will haunt you for hours , if not days . A friend 's sacrifice , giving up his runner position to a more terrified , but less fleet friend , will leave you asking `` What if ? '' A wonderful film and a great companion piece to `` Saving Private Ryan . ''
 Not only did this movie make Mel Gibson a star , it shed light on Australia 's point in WWI . And what is great is the movie does not surround the Great War , but the Great War surrounds it . You find two friends in the outback , looking for adventure , but find only horror . One of the greatest war films to date , and one of Gibson 's finest performances .
 This is an excellent movie , watch it.However , when I visited the beaches where once the war had taken place , I cant beleive that how both sides had lost over 250,000 each in such a small landscape . Visiting The CommonWealth cemeteries , one cant thinking why did those beloved Sons , Fathers or Brothers come here ? On the Turkish side , most of the well educated men of a generation died fighting to defend their country , just 3 years later , in 1918 , Ottoman Empire surrendered , English corps took Istanbul without any resistance . Just futile.The facts about the war are much more dramatic than the movie . I think there are plenty of meterial out of Gallipoli for new books and movies .
 i 'm a korean students who study the movie . and i 'm very excited in australian movie . this movie has a very unique style which has none of other war movie . specialized choosed music which is composed by jan michel jarr progressive keyboardist is very unique and active . dramatic and houmorous and very young movie . if you 're tired of hollywood explosive movie , i want to recommand this . very pure and young and impressive time you ` will get .
 Gallipoli , the story of two young men who join the ANZACs and are sent to the fateful and disaterous campaign against the Turks in 1915 , is well acted and a great movie . The cinematography is excellent . I highly recommend if one is interested in learning about WW1 or a fan of Mel Gibson .
 This was a fantastic movie with tons of action and adventure . The movie is based around two boys who get together after a race . They then go on a whirlwind adventure until they get to the battlefield at Gallipoli where no amount of training could prepare them for what would happen . I liked this movie for the most part , but the music did nothing for me . A better soundtrack would have added a whole lot more to this movie .
 Probably the best anti-war movie ever made , Gallipoli is potent largely because of its dedication to its characters . The story centers around two young Aussie men who sign up to fight for the Allies in the Great War -LRB- a.k.a. WWI -RRB- . Their reasons for signing up are different . Archy -LRB- Mark Lee -RRB- signs up out of patriotic fervor -- after all , if you do n't fight them over there , they 'll come over here , right ? Frank -LRB- Mel Gibson -RRB- does n't share his friend 's views but he joins because he really has nothing else to do . The two meet at a track meet -- it seems that Frank is a sort of sports hustler -- but Archy proves a bit faster , which really comes to bear near the end of the movie . Frank and Archy traverse the Australian outback , only to be split up and ultimately reunited in Egypt in time for the final battle at Gallipoli , which is rendered quite faithfully . Once you see the film 's final image , you will never be able to forget it . It is nice to see a movie which is deliberately slow-paced in order to allow for penetrating insight into the protagonists , and by the time the bullets start flying , they feel like old chums to us . It 's authentic to life , and ultimately unforgettable.This is a movie where nearly everything just clicks . The performances are great
 To a previous reviewer -LRB- from Australia -RRB-
 The Gallipoli Campaign was an attempt by the Imperial forces to put Turkey out of the war in 1915 . What was involved was an invasion of the Gallipoli Peninsula by the combined forces of Britain , Australia , New Zealand and France . The Gallipoli Peninsula is south of Istanbul and the aim of the operation was to seize the Turkish capital and to cut of their land route to Germany and Austria . In fact the operation was a disaster . The Turks were able to concentrate their forces and to contain the Imperial army . Eventually they had to withdraw after suffering considerable casualties . The campaign is of importance in the history of Turkey as it made the career of Mustafa Kemal . It is also important in the history of Australia and New Zealand as it was seen as forging their national character . In Australia it is still celebrated by a national day of mourning.The film tells the story from the perspective of two Australian soldiers who fought at Anzac cove . They are country lads who are talented sprinters and who volunteer to join the Australian Light Horse . -LRB- Cavalry -RRB- The first part of the film deals with their meeting and the development of their friendship . The later part of the film deals with their training and the actual fighting.The film has a mild anti war feel to it . Considering the nature of the campaign this is not a total surprise . The Australian forces were landed by mistake in a cove area which had steep cliffs going to the sea . The Australian troops became stalled on these hills and for the life of the campaign were at the mercy of Turkish troops on higher ground , who were able to continually snipe at them and roll hand grenades into their positions . Any Australian attacks had to be up hill against well prepared positions.The climax of the film is a poorly organised attack . The bombardment which was to mask the attacking infantry ended before the time scheduled for the attack . This enabled the Turks to man their positions and to mow down the attacking infantry forces . This was in fact based on a true event and it led to media pressure to end the campaign.For a person who has grown up in Australia or New Zealand the film is a moving account of an important event in one 's history . Others who are not familiar with the events around the film may perhaps not enjoy it as much .
 In my humble opinion , this is the best Australian film ever made . The emotional journey is so powerful and memorable , the film leaves you breathless .
 This film was best summarised in the year of its release when a movie critic whose opinion I respected wrote that he was not interested in the Oscar nominations of that year as Gallipoli was not amongst them.I have yet to meet anyone who was not deeply moved by this work . I have not before -LRB- or since -RRB- seen a movie that better illustrates the aching futility and waste of war .
 I first saw this film years ago and was deeply moved by the sacrifice made by the young men who volunteered to fight for what they considered the Mother country . The fact that these men were very much the best of their generation makes their loss even more poignant . I defy anyone not to be moved by the final scenes as the lads going over the top.The film is slightly marred by the rather cliched depictions of the British . The impression given that the Aussies were being slaughtered while the British quaffed tea is an insult to the many thousands of young working class men from Britain who died with their ANZAC allies at Gallipoli . Some may say this is a minor point but I have met more than one Aussie who takes the films story as fact and believes only ANZACS died at Gallipoli .
 This is a movie that packs a powerful emotional punch . It follows the introduction of two young Australian `` mates '' -LRB- `` pals '' to us Americans -RRB- from their ordinary lives back in Australia to their introduction to the Army and ultimately to the reality and waste of battle . The time is World War 1 , the place
 Much has been made of an anti-British slant in this movie -LRB- see some of the reviews below -RRB- . Yes , there are anti-British sentiments in the film . But check your history . The technical adviser to the film is historian Bill Gammage . His book `` The Broken Years '' has the original letter used as the model for Archie 's last hurried goodbye note . Gammage worked closely with script-writer David Williamson and the film is packed with actual incidents . The story IS fictional but the situations HAPPENED.The facts are these : * as in the film , Australian soldiers did NOT salute British officers . * `` Robinson '' , the officer who orders the assault to proceed - is Australian , look at his uniform ! * many accounts confirm that the British stopped to brew tea after landing unopposed at Suvla Bay . * there is no mention of the immense British army and Royal Navy , French army and colonial Indian army casualties in the Gallipoli campaign because it 's a fictional story about Frank and Archie - if the British want to make their own Gallipoli movie , they can . * the New Zealanders also have numerous anti-British sentiments about Gallipoli . Read about the Battle of Chunuk Bair.What this film does very well is portray , lovingly , the birth of Australia 's Gallipoli myth/legend . It is replete with the stuff that Australians like to think about themselves
 This is a wonderful film . The film earns 5 stars , but I 'm taking off one star for the 2-disc DVD edition that I purchased since the extra disc is NOT worth the higher price.I first saw this film when originally released in theaters , viewed it just once , and yet the impact on me was both powerful and permanent . I have seen a LOT of films over the years and only a handful are so memorable . This is one of those special films I never forgot.The two most memorable scenes were debarkation from a ship for a beach landing -- with bullets whizzing through the air and penetrating the water -LRB- as seen from underwater -RRB- -- and a sequence close to the end of the film where soldiers write letters home before going into a battle charge . As a boy my dad described to me very similar events he had lived through during WWII . The connection with my dad 's experiences made those scenes especially relevant to me.But of all the war films I have seen the exceptionally powerful effect of this one is due to Peter Weir 's creative and gripping style of setting up certain key shots such that they reach into your mind and heart to seize hold and never let go . I walked away from this film feeling personally touched by the horrifying events portrayed . It is an exceptional work , great cinematic storytelling.But BEWARE of the edition containing a 2-disc set , which says on the cover , `` I love the 80 's , '' and is priced more than twice as much as a single-disc DVD package . You might suppose the second disc contains special features relating to the film . That 's what I assumed . WRONG . I made the mistake of paying an extra $ 23 or so because I 'd happily pay more for additional material that expands on the experience of this film . As a matter of fact when the 2-disc DVD package arrived I found that the extra disc has nothing to do with the film or the subject of Gallipoli . Instead it contains 4 pop music tunes from the 1980s . Totally irrelevant . Even if you are a fan of these tunes -LRB- I recognized only 2 of them -RRB- paying an extra $ 23 for just a few golden-oldie music tracks is a very poor deal . My advice is to order a single-disc DVD package . With the money you save , then you could consider buying some other great Peter Weir film in addition to Gallipoli .
 This is a wonderful movie about a hideous military disaster that will leave you in tears . Well acted , well directed and painfully gripping .
 When I originally saw this movie in the theater , I knew nothing about it , and by the end I was devastated . I wish the DVD had the original poster on the cover instead of the photo of Mel because I had no idea what it portrayed until the end of the movie and it breaks me up every time . Whenever I watch it and I hear Archie talk early on about his legs being steel springs to hurl him down the track , I start to tear up and do n't stop until it 's over.Many , many years later when I met some folks from Australia and heard the song `` And the Band Played Waltzing Matilda '' I knew what the reference about sailing off to Gallipoli meant because of this movie.As for Mel Gibson , I had never heard of him when I saw the movie , but I could tell he was going to be a star !
 For those of us in the U.S. , Gallipoli was made when Australian films were receiving an unstoppable wave of noteriety and critical reception in America , deservedly so . I second the thoughts that Gallipoli is a superb war film , and , having seen it as a teen during its first theater release all those years ago , it is doubly special now to see it again and remember all the `` hoopla '' back in the late 1970s and early 80s on Aussie films -- My Brilliant Career , The Last Wave , Picnic at Hanging Rock , etc. I remember reading a highbrow review at the time -- too rarefied for me to recall in detail -- that discussed Gallipoli not only as a war film , but a film on the cult of young manhood prevalent during the final moments British Imperialism -- the idealism and innocence -LRB- and perhaps , naivete ? -RRB- of young men that would eventually be crushed by the `` war that ended all wars . '' The review also discussed Gallipoli along with another great film that came out around the same time and about the same historical period
 Gallipoli , the story of two young men who join the ANZACs and are sent to the fateful and disaterous campaign against the Turks in 1915 , is well acted and a great movie . The cinematography is excellent . I highly recommend if one is interested in learning about WW1 or a fan of Mel Gibson .
 Incredible effort by director Peter Weir and a very young Mel Gibson . A powerful statement on the futility of war and the terrilbe toll it takes on youth and innocence . Stunning cinematography and great acting , highlight this tale of the ill-fated Austrialian attack against the Turks during WWI . Two friends enlist hoping for adventure and glory , but learn first hand the horrors and helpless of war . If you liked Saving Private Ryan , you will love this film . A epic movie that that is hard to forget , with a gut wrenching finale . See it !
 The Gallipoli Peninsula and Australia 's involvement in WWI are not widely known in the US , but this movie serves as an excellent metaphor for the war even though it is n't on the Western Front and France , Britian , and Germany are not major parts of the film.The movie does an excellent job of showing why so many soldiers volunteered to fight in a useless war that accomplished nothing except making the even worse conflict of WWII inevitable . War was still a `` game '' as it was in the limited European wars of the 1800 's . Cavalry dashed about on horses , infantry wore bright uniforms and became heroes if they survived a single battle and casualty numbers were low by the standards of the 20th century.Unfortunately , technology and industrialization had changed war forever and the `` game '' or `` adventure '' of the 1800 's was far more deadly . Unfortunately , no one informed the officers of these changes , so TEN MILLION soldiers were slaughtered while the strategists continued to send men over open ground against entrenched enemeies that were waiting with machine guns . The `` adventure '' lasted about ten feet from your own trench , as the final battle scenes of `` Gallipoli '' accurately depict.The ending of the movie seems harsh at first , but on reflection is the only fair way to be true to a failed campaign that was poorly planned and ultimately accomplished nothing . As many soldiers were killed at Gallipoli as the entire US Civil War . Mark Lee and Mel Gibson do a solid job of giving the movie an emotional weight and the lengthy build up to the battle scenes gives the ending the impact the movie deserves.I think this movie is perfect for WWI no matter what nation 's involvement or battle you are looking to understand .
 Some people seem to feel this film did n't `` go anywhere '' , that there was no `` story '' , that it was n't a `` real war film '' . Well , I beg to differ.If the film does n't `` go anywhere '' , it 's because THE POINT is that war is a pointless tragedy that young men are recruited to in the belief that there is a point . Which is n't to say that there have n't been any necessary wars in history -LRB- ex
 this has been one of my favorites for years ! A true tale of friendship .
 This is an outstanding movie . A must see , especially for war movie buffs .
 This movie so effected me , I planned a trip to Istanbul Turkey , I have my tickets in hand !! Any history buff , or someone that just love a good screen play will Love this movie . Enjoy !!
 As an English woman -LRB- I hate the term Brit - surely it 's racist , is n't it ? A bit like Paki or Frog ? -RRB- I have the utmost respect for the ANZAC 's . However - after reading a few of the reviews posted here , I 'm not going to sit by and allow my own country to be denigrated.There were thousands of British troops at Gallipoli as well as a smaller French contingent - under the command of Sir Ian Hamilton , a man acknowledged for his excellent bravery , but lacking the decisive qualities needed for the leadership of such an expedition.In fact - despite the well-known WW1 poem about the Australian buried at Suvla Bay , there were mainly British forces put ashore there , -LRB- the famous ` Lost Battalion ' of 1/5th Norfolk Reg . being one of them . -RRB- Most of the ANZAC forces landed further south at Anzac Cove.Australia and New Zealand both entered the war behind Britain on an upsurge of patriotism - not surprising given that the then population of Australia who were of European descent was 96 % British . ANZAC recruiting remained entirely voluntary throughout the whole of the war and the response from both the Australian and NZ populus was magnificent . Some 332,000 troops served overseas , of whom 212,000 were wounded and 60,000 were killed , a casualty rate of more than 82 % . There is no doubt the ANZAC 's suffered terrifically during the Dardanelles campaign . The whole campaign was badly timed and hugely underestimated the Turks and their reorganisation by the German general Otto Liman Van Sanders . However , the British suffered too - a fact that is often forgotten.As regards the film itself - it 's a lesson in why war is futile , a study of loss of innocence , a moving demonstration of comradeship and love between men under the most execrable of conditions . Harrowing and intensely compelling . Peter Weir evokes atmosphere unlike any other.If you 're English - try to forget Mel 's pathological hatred of us for a couple of hours and remember why our own fathers/grandfathers who fought in that terrible war had such tremendous respect for the ANZAC troops they encountered . And of course ... we can always think of the Rugby !
 IS THE BRAVERY OF THE TURKISH ARMY , AND THE INCREDIBLE HUMANITY LESSONS TO BE DERIVED FROM THE TURKISH COMMANDER : -LRB- SPEAKING FOR ENEMY SOLDIERS -RRB- `` Those heroes that shed their blood and lost their lives . . you are now lying in the soil of a friendly country . Therefore rest in peace.There is no difference between the Johnnies and Mehmets to us where they lie side by side here in this country of ours . . You , the mothers , who sent their sons from faraway countries wipe away your tears ; Your sons are in peace.After having lost their lives on this land they have become our sons as well . '' MUSTAFA KEMAL ATATURK
 This movie stars Mel Gibson and David Argue whose performances in this film are pure ham , sliced off the bone . It concerns a disastrous invasion of the shores of Gallipoli by Australian soldiers who no doubt enlisted so they could kill some foreigners and maybe get to `` date '' -LRB- that 's the polite word -RRB- some women from other countries.I give this film 5 stars because Mel went on to make better films than this and Mr. Argue fell into that great Wasteland of Movie Obscurity !
 A gripping account about a duo of eccentric youths that join the Austrailian Lighthorse in 1915 , during the second year of World War One . Mark Lee plays the patriotic Archy Hamilton , who was once a nationally acclaimed sprint runner in his country . Torn from becoming a proffesional athelete and the war , he decides to quit running and fight for his country . Mel Gibson puts on a believable role as the con-man Dunn , who eventually joins together with Hamilton making the ultimate duo of the century . Drawn together from across a continent , the two men meet their destiny on the rocky slopes of Gallipoli , a famous engagement with the German supported-Turks in which the British army attempted to use the Austrailians as a decoy . The under-equiped Austrailians are slaughtered by Turkish machine guns as they try to leap out of the trench . The movie has a terribly sad ending , but is an excellent view on what part the Austrailian Royal Army had in World War One .
 Weir is a master when it comes to exploring human behavior and relationships in a confined space or rare situation , and this film is a fine example . Two young men , both runners , become friends who go off to war with the idea of defeating the Germans in WWI , but end up in the trenches fighting the Turks with virtually no way to win or even to stay alive . A horrifying yet necessary reminder of the way we keep sending young people off to die on foreign soil , for whatever cause .
 This movie is a great War film -LRB- it only shows like 1/10th of the movie at war -RRB- . The story is about Archie hamilton , a runner , who looks to be as fast as his idol , the one person who is actually not fictitious -LRB- LeSalles -RRB- . He wants to join the war , but he is underage . He meets another runner , Frank Dunn , and he helps get them into the war.Later on , Frank does not enter the war , for he can not ride . He meets his friends -LRB- Brownie , Billy , and Snow -RRB- who are later also joined in the war , by entering in another place . Frank and Archie meet later when they practice fighting.Long story short , the war is nothing like they expected . Snow and Brownie die . Frank is to give information to a General Gardner , trying to stop the men from just enetring into their deaths . He does not get there in time . Another man is killed.This movie shows friendships more than the actual fighting . Frank , one of the men still alive , is forced to live with the feeling that he helped Archie and Snow die . He helped Archie enter by sneaking in a different town.A very odd , very weird , very strong War film . I personally have n't watched that many War films , but I think `` Gallipoli '' is one of the best ever .
 Really good war movie , saw it when I was only 14 and even back then I was rivoted . It is a truly emotional movie with lots of spark . Now I 'm 34 and still crave to watch it . It 's a tearjerker but well worth watching Mel Gibson as a young lad !
 This is a great movie and realy worht watching . While being maily fact with only a few specs of fiction , this movie really shows the courage and bravery of the Australian light horse brigade . If this movie has the potential to win lots of awards at emies and golden globes ect . Highly reccommended
 ` Gallipoli ' is one of the most gut-wrenching & heartbreaking films of all time , & is simply a must . The utter futility of war & the callous disregard for human life displayed time & again by High Command are laid out before us as two young ANZACs -LRB- Mark Lee & Mel Gibson -RRB- are manouvred inexorably to their deaths , along with thousands of their comrades-in-arms , in order to provide a diversion for the landing of British troops.Ironically , the troops landed on Suvla Bay & were given the order to stay put . Many were slaughtered , caught between the Turks & the deep blue sea , while their officers dithered & High Command refused to issue orders.One Australian reviewer has rightly reviled the British High Command 's cavalier attitude to the deployment & slaughter of ANZACs -LRB- universally lauded for their courage -RRB- ; what is not mentioned - either by the reviewer from Brisbane , or in the film itself - is the casual disposal of British troops . As every British schoolchild knows , whole British villages & towns were left without able-bodied men between the ages of 15 & 50 after WWI , such was the carnage . This war changed the face of western civilisation , fuelling a revolution in attitudes to class & war , & the sheer brutality & pointlessness of it all should no more be forgotten than the astonishing bravery & self-sacrifice displayed by ordinary men -LRB- & women - nurses , drivers , & others -RRB- in the most desperate of situations.I defy you to watch this film without crying . If you can , you need serious psychiatric help .
 Very cool , often forgotten about , Mel Gibson film . Very worth having . The story is also a painful , forgotten one . Do n't miss it .
 The movie Gallipoli was a great film in all respects . First the acting was some of Mel Brooks finest work along with the rest of the cast . WATCH OUT , if you check out this movie make sure your comfortable and have no interferences because it is hard to follow as it is . The movie is about two boys who meet in a race and become friends . The two then decide to join the army and go fight for Australia in WW1 at the battle of Gallipoli . Gallipoli is an emotional thrill ride but do n't think it 's a chick-flick because it 's everything but , It 's set in Australia for starters -LRB- probably the most ungirly place on Earth -RRB- and half of the movie takes place in a war . If you are a Mel Gibson fan then BUY THIS MOVIE
 How can so many people get this movie so wrong?All nations need their myths . Without them , creating a united nation would be just that much harder.Gallipoli and the bravery of our soldiers , is our myth . Like most myths it is based on facts with a good helping of patriotism and self delusion to make us feel good.Peter Weir has made a movie from history as we see it.It may not be totally accurate and it 's certainly anti British but that 's how we see it and its not something we should aplogise for.Who suffered more casualties ; who was to blame for bad decisions ; none of these are important.What 's important is that Australians made a movie about Australians ; about a part of our history that has defined who we are as nation.If foreingers get something from it , then that 's good . If they do n't , well it does n't much matter .
 GALLIPOLI recreated the imfamous World War I battle between the ANZACS and the German-Allied Turks . It was interesting to see how Australia was involved in the war effort . The film follows the events that surround two attractive young soldiers . The film accurately portrays the horrors of this battle , when hundreds of Australian soldiers are ordered to go `` over the top '' , only to be massacred by the Turks . Be sure to have a Kleenex ready for the ending of this incredible movie .
 And if you think the climax of the movie , the charge by the Australian Light Horse at The Nek , is too ludicrous , too horrible , too absurd to be true , too insane to have ever been allowed to take place , well ... . it happened , and it happened just as it is portrayed in the film . Such is the madness of war .
 When two coalitions of nations are at war against each other , there are two fundamentally different tactics for victory that are proposed . The first is to go all out against the strongest of the enemy coalition , the idea being that if you defeat that nation , the lesser partners will automatically surrender . This has the potential problem that you can be soundly defeated , further strengthening the resolve of the weaker nations.The second strategy is to hold against the strong and concentrate your strength against the weaker . By defeating one of the nations in the coalition , you can raise doubts about the ultimate victory in the minds of your enemy and raise morale at home . The problem with this strategy is that the weaker nation may be a liability to the stronger one , defeating it may not weaken the stronger nation and force you to support a nation on the verge of chaos.Winston Churchill was a strong proponent of the second strategy , in both the first and second world wars . In the Second World War , he advocated attacking the European Axis powers `` soft underbelly '' , which he described as Italy . While Italy surrendered and switched sides shortly after being invaded , the battle for Italy was anything but soft and was probably more costly than effective.In the First World War , Churchill was the main proponent of forcing an opening of the straights of the Bosphorus and the Dardanelles . Controlled by Turkey , an ally of Germany , if the Allies could seize them , it would probably have knocked Turkey out of the war and allowed a free flow of men and materials between the Russian Empire and the Mediterranean Sea . It was a good idea poorly thought through and poorly executed . It was a classic case of a desk bound politician/military leader looking at a map , seeing a short distance and thinking that if their armies are only determined and brave , they will be able to win . There was also the arrogance in believing that the Turkish soldiers were a weaker class of soldiers that those of the British Empire.This movie is an excellent demonstration of the patriotic naivet&eacute; of the masses of people in the early years of the First World War . The young Australian men depicted in this film had everything to look forward to and no real reason to risk their lives for British interests . The grandfather of the Mel Gibson character was murdered by the British , yet after some initial hesitation , he eventually volunteers to fight . Most of the movie is devoted to providing the background of the lives of these young men , how they reacted to the patriotic calls to action and how they interacted . They were comrades , both on and off the battlefield , standing together as mates.All of this builds to the climax of what happened so many times in the First World War . The men were relatively safe in the trenches , yet were ordered to rise up and charge prepared and fortified Turkish positions on higher ground of the Gallipoli peninsula . Even after the first attack led to a slaughter , the commander , off somewhere out of sight of the killing area , ignored the statements of his field commander and ordered a second and third attack . The men knew that they were going to their deaths , yet , like good soldiers , they wrote notes to their loved ones and charged the Turks . When we were watching this action , my wife asked me , `` Did this really happen ? '' My response was , yes , these were the standard tactics all along the Western front as well.This is a powerful movie about war and the stupid political and military decisions that make it possible and lead to it being poorly executed . It was historically accurate , from the terrain and the action ; you get a very realistic appraisal of one of the most pointless battles of the First World War . The British eventually withdrew from Gallipoli and abandoned the idea of seizing the straights , having accomplished nothing other than the senseless deaths of thousands of brave young men . Winston Churchill was forced to leave the British government , taking the blame for the entire operation .
 `` Gallipoli '' is directed by Peter Weir -LRB- director of `` Master & Commander '' & `` The Truman Show '' -RRB- and is one of the most powerful movies I 've seen in a good long while . The movie stars Mel Gibson and this film reminds you when he was Mel the actor , not Mel the drunk-driver . The movie takes place in Australia , where we meet Archy -LRB- Mark Lee -RRB- , the fastest kid around . On the day he 's to participate in a race , Frank Dunne -LRB- Gibson -RRB- arrives . Frank is just as fast as Archy , but still loses to the kid . When the race is over , Archy decides to join the Light Horses -LRB- sort of an army with horses -RRB- to go fight in Turkey during World War I rather than go home . Problem is , he 's only 18 and they wo n't let him enlist despite his talents on horseback . Frank , with nothing better to do , offers to travel with Archy to Perth where he wo n't be recognized by the recruiters and he can join . Frank does n't want to join anything , but by the time they arrive there he is prompted too . After he fails to make it into the Light Horses , Frank opts for the infantry where he is reunited with other `` mates '' of his but loses contact for a long while with Archy . The movie 's final moments are very powerful , especially it 's final image . Peter Weir is a great director , but I had yet to see a film by him that had really grabbed me . I guess my opinion is n't that solid considering I 've only seen 3 of his films previously , but `` Gallipoli '' is the exception . This is a film about war and friendship -LRB- the former is one of my least favorite kinds of movies and the latter is a cliche -RRB- , but this film is incredibly original and -LRB- again -RRB- powerful . Gibson is superb in his role , sporting a fake Australian accent that never faulters . Not only is the film great , but it 's also entertaining -LRB- something a number of great films are n't -RRB- . I highly recommend it.GRADE
 Gallipoli by Peter Weir is definitely a top-notch war drama with great acting , great story , great soundtrack and a heroic ending . Mel Gibson and Mark Lee are both wonderful as the movie 's two lead characters . The Making of Gallipoli in the Special Features adds a lot to the value of the DVD . After watching this riveting movie , Gallipoli in Turkey will no longer be `` a place you 've never heard of '' . In fact , you will never forget the experience . Highly recommended .
 I first saw this movie as a teenager in 1981 , and its images and messages have stayed with me ever since . I particularly liked it because it showed how the First World War was viewed by many young people at the time -- as something of a grand adventure in which they felt fortunate to be participants , then unflinchingly showed the horrors of war , the often unnecessary deaths of the men , the waste of lives trying to breach the Turkish lines , the ineptitude of the commanders . Some people have complained about the pace of the movie , but I felt that the pace was one of its many strengths . It tells the stories of two young Australians who both happen to be excellent sprinters as they meet , become friends -LRB- `` mates '' -RRB- and join the Australian army , albeit for entirely different reasons . The movie takes its time developing their friendship , forged on a successful Burke and Wills walk across the Outback , and eventually through training together in Egypt . The actual war does not come in until the end of the movie , but rather than seeing this as a detraction , I feel that it makes the movie all the more powerful because viewers have had a chance to see the characters develop and to come to care about them and what happens to them . By delaying the war until the end , Peter Weir is able to maximize its effect upon soldiers and viewers alike -- to go from the ordinariness of life to training to the horrors that awaited them at Gallipoli . Nothing was really able to prepare them for Gallipoli , and they quickly found out that they were to be sacrificed in order to help the British troops establish a beachhead even though the British were under no duress -LRB- they were sitting on the beach drinking tea , as one officer put it -RRB- . I particularly thought that the movie 's graphic illustration of the realities of trench warfare was exceptionally good . It showed just how bogged down the opposing sides were , and how lives were wasted for a few feet of no-man 's land . I also liked that Weir was not afraid to show that not all of the men were courageous heroes -- the fear on the soldiers ' faces as they realized that they were perhaps moments from death captures the essense of any war and every soldier very well , from the final letters to wives and parents , to the leaving of wedding rings , watches , and other mementos , knowing that it is unlikely that the owner will not return alive and is leaving something for the survivors to send to his family.The leads are well portrayed by Mark Lee and a pre-Hollywood Mel Gibson . The settings , costumes , characters , and overall tone of the movie accurately represents the period in which it takes place . Peter Weir takes an honest look at Australia 's -LRB- and New Zealand 's -RRB- greatest contribution to the First World War , paid for with the blood and lives of thousands of young men at Gallipoli . His conclusion will leave you disturbed and thinking about war . Highly recommended .
 The battle at Gallipoli is , and will remain , for Australians a pivotal moment in that new nations history ... and whichever way around one looks at it the fact remains that it was British commanders who ordered the futile push ... though I doubt they would have altered their command whoever the fighting force so ordered was comprised of . The British army is in many ways the most ruthless of them all ... you ask our enemies ... you ask our friends.This is a testament to the courage and sacrifice of the peoples of such far away places . That Australia -LRB- and let 's not forget New Zealand or any major Commonwelath country for this point -RRB- cared enough about those things that we in Britain think fundamental demonstrates a clear meeting of minds that I doubt will ever fundamentally change ... it was an act of friendship as ever much it may have been an act of loyalty.Though the consequences of this battle was to bring about such strained relations within the Commonwealth that there was a real danger of it 's disintegration -LRB- a danger that never leaves us really -RRB- ... nevertheless ... when the cry of battle joined in Europe once more was heard around the world and against such horrific evil as I hope I may never encounter , there they were again as freedom loving and as brave and steadfast in that as any nation ever was or could be at any time in any history.In my opinion that is what this film captures and that it was Peter Weirs debut makes it even more astounding and vital .
 On a beach on the opposite side of the world , hot and muggy weather conditions , no doubt meaning the odour around extremely unpleasant Dusty and noisy - an unorganised hell . This was how I was the taste left in my mouth after watching the movie Gallipoli , starring Mark Lee as Archie and Mel Gibson as Frank . Gallipoli is not one of those war movies showing all action and `` blood and guts '' , with absolutely no point beyond entertainment . We all witnessed the tremendous loss war is . We met our characters before they met each other and watched them grow together as talented runners and two completely different young men with two completely different opinions on the war . The road to Gallipoli was long and took up at least two thirds of the movie . This was n't an accidental over write of the beginning , but an attempt to get us emotionally involved with both characters as we might have been during the war if our relatives or friends departed . In this way the structure of the settings is regularly criticised , `` Why call it Gallipoli when they were only there 10 minutes , '' `` There should be a follow up scene of how the family reacted and what happened to Frank . '' This reinforces the waste and ill regard for human life war really is . As we grew to know these boys we were shown in a tactful way the youth and innocence of Archie and Frank . Two complete strangers with not much in common other the destination of Perth due to Archie wanting to sign up for the war even though he was under age and Frank thinking war was a waste and quoted in saying `` its not our bloody war '' . But one had been , and the other was about to be fooled and show their gullibility by believing the myths surrounding war . Nevertheless on their journey we see the sparks between them fly and their friendship begin to unfold . This is well acted and leaves you wondering if Gibson and Lee are actually friends in real life , not just acting excited . This according to Peter Weir , the director was due to the `` vital chemistry '' that went on between Lee and Gibson on camera and off . As soon as the characters are reunited in Egypt during a training battle we are reminded of their friendship . They are supposed to be practising shooting each other and we witness them hugging and jumping . They are rejoicing , yelling and are tremendously excited taking none of what they are doing seriously . This to me showed the innocence and juvenility of these boys , along with Archies easy going , layed back approach , in contradiction to Franks denial of his fear and ignorance of the reservations he is feeling about what they are about to embark on . The characters emphasized the films theme . The main theme I personally picked up on was that of the ` myths of was ' . Why young men were so willing to lie about their age in order to go to what I describe as hell . The main myth shown was gullible young men being convinced that war was going to be fun . Some kind of adventure and a way to experience new and foreign countries sold to them as exciting a holiday from their monotonous homes in Australia and New Zealand . They later found out it was far from what they expected and this was well depicted with the lighting , all blue and dull . The music also on the arrival of the troops on the beach was deep and moody setting the scene for the devastation that followed . The noise and sound effects were impressive and showed how stressful it would have been with guns firing non stop , twenty four hours a day . The camera work was also something to be admired , especially the scene when the two main characters decide to again block out the the reality of where they are and swim in the sea while bullets pierce through the water around them . It showed the seriousness of how close the bullets really were . The setting also was a contradiction to their home , a safe and peaceful place . The space and wide open planes , as appose to the small trenches all cramped where nothing is safe , established as men watch their friends blood is splattered on them . This is followed by the point that breaks my heart . Here are our ANZACs , young men giving up everything to help our commonwealth leaders , and we are stabbed in the back when the high and mighty British officers use us as their shields . Ignoring the fact that they were n't just numbers dying with no one caring . They were men , individuals , fathers , brothers , sons , uncles , grandfathers , and maybe in there could have been national heroes , for example brilliant runners . All had futures , all had pasts . Archie and Frank fit in a number of these categories which makes us want them to live . In conclusion , I highly recommend this movie as an educational way of opening the eyes of people who have personal connections with young men who fought in WW1 . Along with anyone with a heart and is grateful to what the men of war have done for us . It is real and does not shelter the main characters from heartache like most war movies . As much as we want a happy ending it was not realistic with the true scenes from Gallipoli . It was well researched and it definitley showed . The direction , acting and all round production of this movie is a credit to all involved , especially the novice director Peter Weir .
 I found this DVD to be well produced with great sound and video quality . As an `` Aussie '' Mel Gibson fits right into his part in this WW I tale of one battle between the British and the Turks . Without revealing many details of the storyline , I will say the realities of trench warfare at the conclusion of this movie are heart wrenching to say the least .
 A great movie that depicts the futility of WWI in the trenches . some great performances by the actors and a very memorable and poiniant ending . A must see .
 Not sure why this is listed under two ASINs -LRB- the other , with picture and details , is B000BDGW0I -RRB- , but what arrived is also the Special Edition released in 2005 . Packaging and features are identical , as far as I can tell.The six-part documentary is an engrossing look back at the making of this exceptional film . The film has been cleaned up nicely , right down to its theatrical trailer -LRB- notice the difference between the trailer 's opening moments and the quality of its remainder -RRB- . GALLIPOLI remains a poignant film , full of engaging characters . Gibson had done MAD MAX at this point , but this is primarily Mark Lee 's show . Lee 's Archy Hamilton is keen on doing what 's right and honorable , but Gibson 's Frank Dunne ca n't hide his equally doe-eyed innocence behind a city-slicker 's cynicism . They are two mates , going off to war.If your son or daughter is as gung-ho to join some war effort , GALLIPOLI is the film to watch with them before they trot off to the recruiting office . The film takes the view of youth , not the heavy-handedness of aged wisdom .
 Despite being the seminal conflict in the modern world , World War I gets scant attention from the movie industry . Maybe this is because the War lacks the personality of a Macarthur , the villainy of a Hitler or the genius of a Patton . However , for some countries like Australia , New Zealand or Canada , the War gave them recognition and status , apart from their place in the British empire . `` Gallipoli '' follows the exploits of two young Australian men as they march into the tumult and utter meaninglessness of that War . Their journey does not end in the mud and filth of the Western Front , but rather ends in the windswept mountains of the Dardanelles . Weir expertly weaves the ever present Adagio for Strings , as the movie moves towards its inexorable and tragic ending . Yes , the other music in the movie seems dated now , and makes one wonder how much control Weir had in the other aspects of the soundtrack production . Apparently , he had enough control so that Albinoni 's haunting Adagio foreshadows the loss of innocence not only for these young men , but also for their country . Anyone who has followed the movies of Weir realize his attention to detail , and `` Gallipoli '' is no exception . The little vignettes right before the end are worth mentioning here
 Being Australian and having learned the significance -LRB- futility -RRB- of the battles fought along the Gallipoli coast I realise more than most . What this movie explores is the relationship between australia and Britain -LRB- the Empire -RRB- and how Australians and New Zealanders were slaughtered to create a `` diversion '' for the English landings . It gives you a small understanding of how WW1 was fought and how remote the so caller `` Leaders '' were from reality . The concept of `` MATES '' is touched on through the friendship of the two main characters . This concept of self sacrifice for ones friend -LRB- mate -RRB- is something that sets Australians apart . Peter Weir -LRB- Australian -RRB- has captured this aspect well . Do not look for a war movie or an adventure . This movie is part of Australia 's sole searching at the misdeeds and abuses inflicted upon us by our so called Empirial masters . As Americans have veterans day , Australians have ANZAC day -LRB- two days actually -RRB- . This experience is more than a simple war for Australians , it is a coming of age .
 Peter Weir 's touching drama on the naivetes of youth , war , and the loss of innocence . A good script brought to life by the acting talents of Mel Gibson and Mark Lee.The story follows the lives of two young Australians aspiring to be Olympic runners at the onset of World War I. Despite their dreams of Olympic greatness , the two friends abandon their personal interests and answer England 's call to war during World War I. Naive and hot-blooded the two men volunteer to join and , after brief training , are soon shipped off to the bloody fields of Gallipoli to fight the Turks . Face to face with carnage and placed at risk by the incompetence in their own superiors , the youths soon realize that the war was n't as glorious as they had once thought . The cinematography is excellent and the film is well paced . The tragic mood of the film is wonderfully amplified by the playing of Albinoni 's ` Adagio ' while the carnage ensues . Both Mel Gibson and Mark Lee perform very well as the young athlete soldiers . The theme of the film is very much in the style of Homer 's Iliad
 Australia is such a young country , it has n't had long to create those defining moments that its people can latch on to as being examples of what it means to be `` Australian '' . The WWI disaster that was the Gallipoli campaign is that single moment . It was Australia 's `` baptism of fire '' . And it led to the creation of the Anzac -LRB- Australia and New Zealand Army Corps -RRB- legend . Remember that Australia , as a country independent of Great Britain , was only 14 years old when this battle took place.What Peter Weir 's film , coupled with a screenplay by top Australian playwright David Williamson with technical advice from historian Bill Gammage , does is capture that defining moment brilliantly . But this is not a gung-ho war blockbuster . It is a very real , very strident examination of how a single military disaster that cost thousands of lives , came to be the mould that Australians now use to cast their national character.More than this , Gallipoli also captures , like no other Australian film , the essence of Australian `` mateship '' - that is
 An infamous conflict in history that occurred during WW I , `` Gallipoli '' comes around for the infamous double dip from Paramount . This time around , though , Paramount gets it right and includes a six part documentary on the real conflict and the making of the movie . This was the first vehicle where I caught my first performance of Mel Gibson who along with Mark Lee create the heart and soul of Weir 's terrific film about the brutality of war . The film has aged remarkable well despite the use of early synthesizer music as an occasional score -LRB- much like `` Chariots of Fire '' whose synthesizer score pleasant as it is has aged badly -RRB- . Archy Hamilton -LRB- Lee -RRB- runs like the wind . He 's got the speed and ability to be an Olympic caliber athlete but his idealistic beliefs pull him away from running to serve in the war in the Australian cavalry . He 's joined by rival Frank Dunne -LRB- Mel Gibson -RRB- another amazing sprinter who competes for the money . The two strike up an unlikely friendship after their match against each other and end up enlisting despite Dunne 's initial disinterest in becoming yet another body trying to outrun flying bullets . This harsh indictment of the b senseless nature of war and how it robs the world of promising young men in their prime allows Weir to wax on the nature of what war costs a nation . Weir avoids the politics of right or wrong regarding the conflict instead focusing on the terrible cost war visits on human life . The visuals are frequent stunning and `` Gallipoli '' like Weir 's earlier films continued to show the breathtaking development of an amazing filmmaker with as much intelligence behind the camera as skill with it.Paramount 's previous release looked extremely good on DVD . This edition looks remarkable sharp and crisp with a nice reproduction of the textures , colors and clarity of the theatrical release . The 5.1 audio sounds fine here although clearly it is n't used to the optimal effect it could be given the film 's age.We get a six part documentary on the making of the film that also includes a bit of history . Featuring interviews with the late Bill Gammage author of `` The Broken Years '' , film director Weir , screenwriter Williamson actors Gibson , Lee and others from the production of the film the documentary focuses initially on the conditions that provoked the country to become involved in WWI despite no direct threat to their nation . It 's far from the dry documentaries that many people are accustomed to , the inclusion of those who were involved in the production of the film discussing the circumstances of the conflict at Gallipoli makes the documentary far more entertaining and interesting that one might expect otherwise . Inspired by Kubrick 's `` Paths of Glory '' Weir decided to do the film after visiting Gallipoli in Turkey . There 's footage that shows the historically preserved location . Weir discusses the emotional impact of his visit and how it solidified his decision to make the movie . Weir relates how there are still items from the war at the site . Weir brought Williamson on as the writer and the film 's genesis actually began in 1977 with their collaboration . They went through many drafts before discovering the core story . Gammage 's book which included letters from actual soldiers from the time became the touchstone for Weir and Williamson . We also get the original theatrical trailer for the film . There 's no commentary track as Weir is n't a fan of commentary tracks.A terrific film , this is a bitter reminder of the callousness of war . For those that feel the need to enlist this is an enlightening reminder that the job of the military is n't a game nor is it a frat . Once called into service war is a brutal , nasty business that plucks whole generations and wipes them from the face of the Earth sometimes for a questionable cause . Without going into the politics of the war , Weir brilliant visualizes the destruction of war and the script written by David Williamson provides perfectly realized characters in this powerful film .
 The film ` Gallipoli ' has become a classic of cinema and rightly so . Reading the reviews , I note many arguments have developed over the historical accuracy of Peter Weir 's portrayal of the events which took place at the Nek on 7th August 1915 , particulkarly the culpability , or otherwise , of British commanders.To find some perspective on this I commend John Hamilton 's excellent book ` Goodbye Cobber , God Bless You ' -LRB- available through Amazon -RRB- . Hamilton 's meticulously researched account leaves no stone unturned , using letters , diaries and official reports of the disastorous assault by the dismounted Australian 3rd Light Horse Brigade -LRB- not strictly speaking cavalry but mounted rifles -RRB- across an area slightly larger than a tennis court.Incidentally , the book 's title comes from the words uttered by Trooper Harold Rush to his mate -LRB- cobber -RRB- standing beside him just before they both launched themselves into oblivion . The poignant farewell also appears on Harold 's headstone at the small cemetery at The Nek where the charge took place.Read this book for an accurate account of what really happened on that August day so long ag .
 If the American Civil War was terrible , and it was , the `` forgotten '' or `` ignored '' war we call World War I was even more so . And as much as any battle in that `` forgotten '' and `` ignored '' war ; Gallipoli is probably one of the most ignored and forgotten except in Australia , where this film was made , and New Zealand.I did not see Gallipoli when the movie first came out in 1981 , but recently bought the DVD out of historical interest and a curiosity regarding the acting skills of a much younger Mel Gibson . This is not a `` kids '' movie , and though rated PG , -LRB- rough language and minimal nudity -RRB- , there is also an intense emotional level to the last half of the film that parents should also be aware of.This movie does an excellent job of showing the human side of war . That human side takes up a good part of the 111 minutes on the DVD version , and at times the pace of the story gets a little slow . You see the Australian `` home front '' , far from the trenches of Europe . The newspaper gives accounts of the latest news of the ANZAC movements and battles . Two young men , -LRB- Mel Gibson and Mark Lee -RRB- , met and become friends . They try to enlist together but end up in separate units . Other comrades enlist also . Both units end up in Egypt and in the course of training the two friends become reunited . Eventually one is able to transfer to the other 's unit.The actual battle scenes come into the movie rather abruptly . One moment you 're at a ballroom scene in Egypt , and the next you 're in a boat heading to the shores at Gallipoli . The encampment on the shore is lit up with strings of light bulbs , reminiscent of a crowded carnival midway . Grim `` carnival '' indeed as occasional enemy shells come screeching into the encampment area , and you see the wounded on litters or shuffling around with their assorted array of bandages . You do n't see the dead , though in one trench scene a soldier shakes the protruding hand of a dead man and says , `` Glad to met you . `` I am not so sure that the British and ANZAC troops lost at Gallipoli due to superior Turkish arms and troops . The Turks did have the advantage of the high ground , but Allied failure was due as much to an inept higher command as anything else . The most glaring omission of command illustrated in the movie was the failure to synchronise the watches of the commanding officers responsible for the attack against a fortified Turkish position . The plan , as conceived would have worked , but a several minute discrepancy between the watches of the two officers became deadly . There was also the failure of the immediate superior officer to recognize the quickly changing face of the situation and his over riding the inferior officer actually on the scene.As the decimated troops prepare for one last desperate charge , they know it is to death . The camera flashes from one man to another as they quickly scrawl that last note home to loved ones , strip off valued personal possessions to leave in the trench with those notes ; and we see on their faces the resignation and foreboding realization that this was it . They would go over the top and not return . They were to be fed as cannon fodder to the scourge of war . The commanding officer on the scene swears he will not ask his men to do something he himself would not do , and he makes his preparations to go with them.The ending was one of the most abrupt and saddest endings I have ever seen in a lifetime of movies . The emotional shock packed into the way this movie ends brought me to tears.General William T Sherman , USA , once said , `` War is hell . '' That is a true objective statement that has nothing to do with being `` pro '' or `` anti '' war . The truth of Sherman 's observation was glaringly and vividly portrayed in the trenches of WWI , and Gallipoli was a prime example . Peter Weir did an effective job in bringing that to the screen , and a young Mel Gibson turned in one of his best ever performances .
 Gallipoli is a significant historical event in Australia 's national conscious ; it is that place on the timeline that is celebrated as an experience that shaped the nation 's identity . Australia came of age during the Great War , where young men were sent to a foreign land to fight an enemy they did n't know . These were the times not to question why . `` There 's the enemy , here 's your gun , now kill them . '' War was something romantic in those days , but the massive carnage from this war changed this view significantly . The world was not the same after WW1 . However , this was the crowning event that symbolically moved our awareness as a nation from a fledgling English colony to a country with all its unique aspects of culture . Every year Australian 's travel to the shores of Gallipoli to reflect and remember our ancestors who fought so bravely and lost their lives . Despite losing these battles in such sad and devastating circumstances , this was a defining moment in our past , because these men who lost their lives became our national heroes . These men are Australia 's representatives of everything this country holds dear - mateship , individuality , the anti-authoritarian attitude and courage . This extraordinary film captures the history and legend of Gallipoli and truly reflects the Australian character at the turn of the century , and some aspects of this national character remain even today.This is one of Peter Weir 's early films before he travelled to Hollywood and made his mark as a director of world renown . This is also one of Mel Gibson 's early films and his performance begins to reveal hints of his future international stardom . The story is well crafted and the cinematography along with the heart-wrenching soundtrack comes together in a near perfect film.From my recent experience , it has been a rare occasion to come away from a film feeling sad , joyful , moved and proud all at the same time . It does n't matter how many times I see this film , these feelings continue to rise to the surface , reminding me of our follies as human beings , but also our capacity to be a do great things . ~ Gallipoli ~ is an outstanding film in every way .
 This is based on actual historical events during WWI and is MARVELOUS . My daughter and I watched it together many years ago when it was on HBO and to this day it remains as a special event that we shared . It has all the action guys will like yet a story line that will touch anyone . Early Gibson and Lee are simply superb . You will not be sorry getting this one .
 Awesome . Just ... awesome . Five stars out of five . I 'll try to see it again before the Amazon `` rental '' expires.Evidently , Jon Foy became a composer during the multi-year production of the film ; his music is n't merely competent , it 's brilliant . I plan to buy the soundtrack if / when it becomes available -LRB- as of this moment , I do n't see it here on Amazon -RRB- . I just have to know
 Puzzles abound in Resurrect Dead
 Fascinating film about the mysterious Toynbee tiles that have been seen all over the world . The doc basically follows one mans journey to find the person or group responsible for the tiles . Over a 10 year period he catalogs the tiles all over Philadelphia , New York and other cities and amasses information on the suspects he thinks are responsible . His path to uncovering the mystery takes him to some very interesting places that are all at once frightening and engrossing ! Well worth checking out !
 If you like strange mysteries , obsessive detective stories , and well-crafted documentaries , this is a wonderful indie film . The documentarians themselves and their quest turns out to be more engrossing in the end than the subject itself -LRB- the mysterious tiles , their cryptic message , and the leading suspect -RRB- . The film makers faced an obvious problem in revealing the identity of the tiler , yet not invading the person 's privacy and mental state , and some of the details they were forced to leave out did take some satisfaction away from the film 's conclusion . They openly confront this problem with a fairly neat conclusion . Highly recommended!The suspect tiler 's identity was actually fairly easy to determine from tile clues -LRB- several previous investigators had already done so -RRB- , but the `` Resurrect Dead '' team 's critical contribution involved digging up obscure material from the 80 's that effectively explained the timeline around this bizarre tale , the story at the core of the `` Toynbee Idea '' , and the phenomena 's astonishing connection with playwright David Mamet . As the film left me wanting to know more about the tiler , a quick internet search found that he 's not a Ted Kaczynski-style hermit , but hails from a politically-connected Philadelphia family . Hopefully he 's now left alone and in peace , just as the `` Resurrect Dead '' crew urges at the conclusion .
 I heard good things about this documentary , and the brief outline I got of the subject matter intrigued me . I found the movie engaging and well made . The subject matter did not disappoint ; it held my attention the whole time . The tiles are introduced and explained in detail , and in a systematic way that I appreciated . The narrative follows the three main characters on their hunt for clues chronologically . The way they continually revealed new hints kept me glued to the screen . Definitely worth a watch .
 A really fantastic , unique documentary . I do n't want to give anything away . I recommend people watch this without finding out the plot and premise . If you like films like `` Exit through the gift shop '' and `` Catfish . ''
 In this world where everything is quantified and separated and decided by a committee , it 's nice to see something mysterious that can still pop up . Entertaining mystery with interesting parallels drawn between the hunter and the hunted .
 RESURRECT DEAD -LRB- a/k/a RESURRECT DEAD
 Justin stood in the street , staring down at the letters embedded in the asphalt : TOYNBEE IDEASIN KUBRICK 'S 2001RESURRECT DEADON PLANET JUPITERJustin had seen these tiles in the streets all over the northern United States , from Kansas City to New York . Years earlier , he had travelled to Buenos Aires , Chili to see a tile there , on a busy intersection . There is even one at the entry to the Holland Tunnel . They are called Toynbee Tiles . They always say the same thing , along with a sidebar of smaller text that is often unique , and they are always made of letters crudely cut from plastic and embedded into the asphalt of streets . Documenting Toynbee Tiles has been a passion of Justin 's for over nine years , ever since he saw one for the first time in his home town of Philadelphia . Along with two friends , he began a relentless investigation to understand the purpose behind the tiles and the person or people responsible.Attempting to decipher the text , they assume that Toynbee Idea might be a reference to the radical writings of British historian , Arnold J. Toynbee , who conceived that reanimation of dead cells might be scientifically possible . Kubrick 's 2001 likely refers to the 1968 movie , 2001
 I was not aware of or knowledgeable about the phenomenon of the Toynbee Tiles before sitting down with Jon Foy 's fascinating documentary `` Resurrect Dead . '' Starting in the eighties , strange tiled messages started appearing on city streets in Philadelphia as well as other major American hubs and even into several South American countries . The message contained on the tiles apparently refers to historian Arnold Toynbee and to Stanley Kubrick 's film `` 2001
 RESURRECT DEAD is one of those rare documentaries that explores a fascinating mystery as it unfolds in real time . Because the footage is shot during the actual investigation , we get to experience the excitement alongside the characters/subjects as they uncover the origins of strange tile displays discovered in streets around the United States and South America.RESURRECT falls into the category of docs where the creativity of presentation adds as much to the experience as the footage itself . The swift editing and visual display of information throughout creates the feeling of watching a thriller . So if you 're not necessarily a fan of documentaries where raw footage is just cobbled together , do n't worry , you 'll feel like you 're watching a movie . Plus , RESURRECT features the best ominous score in a doc since Metallica did the music for PARADISE LOST .
 I got a kick out of this one ... it 's fun to watch , and really an eerie idea as far as plot goes . There is this slime that always crops up ... anyway , the slime is gross and the film is kind of kitschy & was right up my alley .
 For anyone who has seen `` The Servant '' or any other of Joseph Losey 's films , Eva is a must-see . Losey is at his most playful while still delving into the `` Loseyesque '' level of emotion on proud display in the brilliant `` The Servant '' , his most famous . Jeanne Moreau is simply fabulous and an absolute treat to watch -- easily the highlight of the film . The other remarkable issue is how frank the sexuality is . Some of the scenes actually play quite shockingly , even though there is minimal nudity and they play off different standards of the day . The disc comes with 2 versions of the film , a theatrical release and a director 's cut which is 15 minutes longer . The transfer for the theatrical release is as good as you can hope for . Very nice . The director 's cut poses a problem , but not where the DVD is concerned . The only print in existence is one with Swedish subtitles , so it detracts from the film . Most of the film is in English , but there is some important scenes in Italian , so in this version you do n't know what the characters are saying . What I recommend is watching the theatrical cut , then skimming through the director 's cut to see the differences -- apparently , Losey was n't happy with the theatrical cut at all , so it 's nice that Kino at least included both so we get a rare look into the mind of a cinematic genius .
 LILITH ? -LSB- Mrs. Adam # 1 ? -RSB- ... yes , she is probably just a little too cold - with her Billie Holiday Records , her haute coutoure , those delightful pointy shoes and perky poitrines , and the ever-present cigarette dangling from those sensuous , disapproving lips and the tired eyes ... . Oh , yeah , this dame has it in for both sexes and totally annihilates our brawny hero , the very overlooked Stanley Baker - this time the ex-Welsh coalminer -LSB- another sordid story -RSB- turned screenwriter - in of all places Italy , complete with a devoted , virginal and stunning VIRNA LISI as the mutual love-interest . In many ways this one ranks with the later `` Last Tango In Paris '' , `` NightPorter '' , `` Crimes of Passion '' etc ... . but the ` err , ` deed ' is never done here , instead we experience magnificent villa interiors , great photography of Rome -LSB- early morning -RSB- and not forgetting the spectral vapourousness of beloved Venice ... . dreamy or nightmarish?Highpoints ? Moreau alone in her flat with her records , booze and cat ... Baker leaving a wedding party for the nightmarish tryst with Moreau , and naturally Baker ala buff in Moreau 's bedroom being rejected and humiliated ... Great stuff!Downpoint - those damn subtitles in the extended version - like watching Ingmar Bergman backwards!BUT , Bravo Kino - a Perfect find ! -LSB- Interesting to muse how MELINA MECOURI would have tacked ` Eve '' -RSB-
 The film handles the same theme - obsessive and destructive love - thanThe Gypsy And The Gentleman , a film Joseph Losey directed four years earlier . As it is , the movie is still captivating . Highly recommended .
 I had never seen a Jeanne Moreau film before . Her reputation precedes her ; apparently even her fans were put off by this film . I do n't know why . The only time I 'd seen Stanley Baker was in `` Zulu '' , which Michael Caine said was the most embarrassing film he 'd ever made ; but Stanley Baker was memorable -LRB- actually , so was Michael Caine -RRB- . Virna Lisi has her own reputation but her part in this film is small , though pivotal . All in all , it 's a striking film and the music is GREAT . This is from back in the days when a woman in a murky spa-bath was sexier than naked on a beach , and a man dropping his pants , shown from the knees down only , was hotter than a full frontal . If you prefer a more subtle approach to some topics we deal with more graphically lately , then this is a great movie and 100 % thoughtful and enjoyable .
 People give this movie a hard time because the special effects dont compete with the ones of today . The fact is though , is that this movies plot was original . It was not just another vampire , werewolf , slasher , etc. movie . It brought something new all together to the world of horror . As for the sequels , there a different story .
 First viewing of BD and film ... I liked it and if the BD was a confirmation of Anchor Bay 's new stuff , I hope for more great mild cheesy classics.Because I never saw it , this disc is a fresh experience and I can see why it was popular -LRB- even though ! -RRB- . Travelers meet Weird locals in a strange town Plus you have Religion & Kids Gone Wild and Linda Hamilton on a cross ! What more could horror fans want?The picture is a great balance of DNR and grain ; the optical effects were fine for the time and OK for today . Over smooth and It suits it ; and there is plenty of visual detail , surround and bass action for aural atmosphere . Retro done right !
 I saw this movie when it came out in '84 and have had some strange connection to it ever since.What 's to like ? Well , what has always struck me is how well the children are adapted to the surroundings . I actually BELIEVE that these children lived in Gatlin `` before '' the filming of the movie . They seem very at home and the small town feel is somehow legitimate . The sound is very good for an older flick , being given the 5.1 treatment , and the score itself is practially worth seeing the movie for ... I just love that chanting `` Omen-ish '' score , always have . The transfer I 'd say is above average , though in places it falters a bit , there is also a handsome insert book that comes with it which is unusual for a rather lowbudget movie . I really like all the leads here , specifically the look on young Sarah 's face when `` Vickie '' is taken out to the clearing , she honestly looks to be in fear , I almost feel sorry for the young actress.What 's to hate ? Well , aside from the odd smalltown feel there really are n't many chills from a horror movie standpoint . Also , I 've never really liked the end , often turning it off b4 the poor CG ending , but hey , this is '84 afterall.If you have a few dollars and are looking for a somewhat surreal look at small town life , you could do worse than giving Children Of The Corn a look .
 Contains good quality picture and sound . I like a classic and has its moments of suspense and terror , my personal rating of 1 to 10 in this genre of film is 9
 Wow okay so i have seen every version of this film and the blu ray release was so incredible , picture was prestine audio was crystal clear :-RRB- im very happy to own it on blu ray . Now i know they have Children of the corn 3,5 and 6 on blu ray and they look terrible and echo bridge and image entertainment need to go out of business because they are ruining good sequels . I really want anchor bay to release children of the corn 2-7 on blu ray . Heck lions gate , universal any company that does not suck and released te sequels on blu ray all 1080p , i will be happy . Crossing fingers . ps
 Now , I 've never been one who was a HUGE HORROR FAN ... I 've usually found most of them to be more funny that scary ... But there have been 5 or 6 movies in this genre which producedthe desired effect on me , and scared the crap out of me ! -- Or at least gave a few chills .1984 's `` The Children Of The Corn '' is just such a movie ... I was 20 years old when this film was released.I swear !! -- That creepy little kid with the deep eyes , the black amish get-up and the pork-pie hatnamed Issac ... OMG !! -RRB- - : He came into that little sleepy rural midwestern town and upset the balance of nature!The ominous demonic entity , referred to as `` HE WHO WALKS BEHIND THE ROWS '' ... OOOOH SPOOKY !! Though you do n't actually get to see it ... just more of a demonic rumbling , growling , plowing-up-the-soil-kinda-thing-a ` la-TREMORS that cuts through the corn field , and near that victorian-style farmhousethat everybody SANE or SEMI-SANE is hold up in ! -LRB- - : Btw , my screen name was partly inspired by this 27 year old horror film by the master ... Stephen King ; which speaks volumes , I guess , for the subliminal impact that it had on my young psyche back then.But the most terrifying character to me ... even moreso , or just as much as Issac , was that big , tall , gangly , goofy , in-bred-looking ginger named Malachai , who was quite handy with a macheteor a butcher knife ! -- Who could forget that opening scene with him chasing the little kids throughthe corn field and up onto the highway ! -- YIKES !! Though this movie began with only a cult following , it has since spawned a slew of re-makes and sequels.I was hoping that they would release a remastered / restored 2-disc deluxe DVD version of this , replete with rare outtakes & extras , especially since it has been released to Blu-Ray already ... But so far , no such animal.What is surprising to me , is how many people I 've met who are professed Stephen King fans , but do n't know about , and have never seen nor heard of this version before!I just think W O W !! -- Really ? `` The Children Of The Corn '' is a classic horror film , which has lasted the decades now , and proven all ofits initial detractors WRONG !! -- So there!Check it out ... if you have n't already . ** Oh yeah , actress Linda Hamilton , who is better known for another blockbustermovie franchise in which she starred in the same year that she played in this film , plays the heroine.I 'm 47 years old now , and I still ca n't watch this on a dark and somber night without checking allmy door & window locks ! -- SHHHHH !! -- -LRB- Whispers -RRB- Do n't tell anybody ! -LRB- - :
 A definite cult classic if there ever was one . ` He who walks behind the rows ' is mysterious , subtle , and catchy . I just have one question - how did the Children of the Corn expect to manage in the long run ? It just kept sticking in my head .
 `` Children of the Corn '' is one of those movies that leaves a connection with you after you 've seen it . I remember when I was 11 or 12 and this movie was on TV , right in the beginning in the coffee house massacre scene . I remember being so frightened I had to switch channels ! Being older , I can say that the movie 's not as terrifying now , but `` Children of the Corn '' still has an eerie atmosphere that entices you all the way through.If you can get past what may seem silly aspects that climax towards then end and enjoy the movie nonetheless , then `` Children of the Corn '' will definitely be a great watch . It 's one of those '80s classics that 's still just as entertaining , eerie , mystical and captivating now as it was in its own time . The setting in the abandoned , little Midwestern town is the perfect setting for this sort of movie , so that beefs up the quality of the film right there . In addition , the acting is quite good , and Isaac is one of the most sinister little punks I 've ever seen on screen ! Malachai too , plays an awesome villain , but whereas Isaac plays the darker , more evil villain , Malachai plays the more nuts-out , kick-a ## sort of villain . The two of them work great together and lead the evil flock of children ... gahh , it 's starting to take its effect on me again!Although `` Children of the Corn '' does n't really have the humorous breaks in it that a lot of other horror movies do , it 's certainly a great and enjoyable movie , that 's most likely to captivate you with its dark , mysterious atmosphere . Pick this up in time for Halloween , too , to give yourself an extra reason to be scared and to love this time of year ! Thanks for the time , and peace .
 Just checked this movie out for the first time recently ! Pretty faithful adaptation of Stephen King 's story , although the husband and wife are more appealing in the film than in the story ! I live in the midwest and dig this story about a cult of kids who kill all the adults and take over ! Very spooky and cool !
 I enjoyed Children of the Corn . It 's an original horror movie that packs in tension , thrills and some supernatural aspects . The whole cornfield setting was claustrophobic and interesting . The music was also great . Some decent acting , but also some bad acting . The children did a decent job and got the job done , but some of it was bad . I did enjoy John Franklin 's performance as Isaac , though . All of the Outlander shouting was a bit cheesy , on the other hand.Overall , if you 're looking for an authentic , old-school horror film , I recommend Children of the Corn . -LRB- the original , not the remake -RRB- . As of 7/31/12 , this film is available on Netflix Streaming.This film has violence and blood -LRB- some of it is done off-screen -RRB- , no sex or nudity .
 I got this movie because I had never seen it . And I always wanted to because my mom did n't let me see it as a kid . Ha , ha.I first assumed it would scarier than it was . A good movie , but a little streiotypical . It depicted farm kids and town people to be all farmers and unintelligent . They all have biblical names and simple ways of living . The children were n't as frightning as they should have been to victomize adults . And the concept is a little corny -LRB- yes , pun intended -RRB- with the monster we never actually see as well as killer corn is really just humourus to me.But other wise a good watch , something that can be enjoyed from time to time . But still , definitley not a fav .
 Great movie like all the other children of the corn movies . I really enjoyed watching these movies . Also shipping was smooth came quick and in great condition . Would recommend all the Children of the Corn movies .
 Video came very quick and in great condition . As always Amazon provided me with quick and execellent service . I do most all of my shopping with Amazon because of the great service
 i like all the children of the corn movies , and now i own them all thanks to amazon and their great prices . great quality movies . and cd 's . they always have what i 'm searching , i quit searching other places , cause here on amazon is the only place i can find everything i 'm looking for . i recommend these movies to all the horror buffs out there .
 This first original is good enough for it 's time . it 's creepy and disturbing . Issac is the best character in the whole film . I never seen the re-make or the other 5 films of the same name , but this one is good and delivers well .
 Classic film by a classic writer . It started with Carrie then it went from there . I dont think there is one bad movie that King has ever did.Made in 84 ' Its a story about a town that is overun by a group of cult children . They kill off there parents and act crazy all round . The kids meet up in the middle of a cornfield and they all bow down to this figure they call the blue man . Isaac is the leader of the cult group . If you join there group there is no leaving . If you try and leave they kill you.This is a real scary tail . King will take you to hell and back with this movie . If you like Kings other work I think that you should give this movie a try . Pick it up at amazon .
 A boy preacher named Isaac goes to a town in Nebraska called Gatlin and gets all the children to murder every adult in town . A young couple have a murder to report and they go to the nearest town -LRB- Gatlin -RRB- to seek help but the town seems deserted . They are soon trapped in Gatlin with little chance of getting out alive . The movie is very good . The isolation of the town , and the chillling child chorus music score is brilliant . A little strange , but , then again , this is a Stephen King movie .
 This is a great horror movie , mainly because it 's so different than most others.Yes , the concept is similar ... outsiders going to a small town that has it 's own rules ... etc , but the setting is just so different that it 's entertaining.I think that there should be more movies made about small , isolated towns that have scary beliefs/rituals . Like Stephen King , there are lots of people out there that are scared of towns like this so there 'd be a pretty good market for it.Not the best movie if actually graded to the standard of other succesfull scary movies but good due to its unique factor.Worth at least renting during Halloween.I 've only seen one of the sequels -LRB- the one where two cornkids moved to a city -RRB- and it was n't too great so I avoided the others .
 This movie is good . it 's scary . I 've seen some of it on tv.It 's bloody . Do n't listen to the bad reviews . Listen to the good ones like mine . Buy the DVD . I own it .
 I 've really love ; - this masterpeice . . - Not as brilliant as amasterpeice though . - I 've herd that a real ; - specialedition with extra features are comming out . . ! - That ` swhy I did not get the original edition . . ! - Becuase it ` sjust waste of money that you spend it on some DVD without the goodie 's . . - I 'm a goodie 's ; - fan 's . . !! I think that ; - Stephen king . . - Will finally ; - respecthis art of work . . ! - Even he 's not included in the extra 's . . ! I 've saw this movie when I was a child . . ! - It totally didfreaked me out at the end . . ! - Even the beginning where heslaughter 's all the parent 's . . ! - I 've seen this on videowhen my dad wooed rent lot 's of these horror movie 's whenthis one came out . ! - I remember this flick ; - perfectlyWell . . ! - I ca n't weight too see the digg 's of this newSpecial edition . . - I think the transfer will be top notch . . ? any how ; - it is just an old movie . . ! - Old movie 's ; - ca n'tseem too be better . . ! - These day 's . . ! - I 've also have `` Creepshow 2 . . '' -1987 . . - Which had nothing . . ! - I 've guestI 've shooed of gotten the original with it . . ! - But I ` vecerntinaly enjoy this better then ; - `` Creepshow . . '' -1982 . . Back with the ; - flick . . ! - I 've think that ; - Children ofthe Corn II
 It 's more eerie than spooky . but other than that it was a good movie and had a good story to it . i 'd rent it before i bought it though . The one kid 's voice gets on my nerves .
 You never saw the monster in that movie which kinda sucked . The sound was True HD 5.1 SUPERB SOUND . The ultimate in high definition experience picture wise . Stephen King Rules !!!!
 In good condition ! Wanted to see this movie for a long time - did n't enjoy it , but it was worth the purchase b/c it was a great deal ! Thanks !
 When I saw this movie I was blown away.It was sad that ALL the adults died , but the weirdest thing is that the signs to gatlin are every where they confuse a couple that are lost on a trip across the country when they stumble onto these children that hail to a demon in the corn when the kids get to old they are sorry , ca n't tellyou have to see the movie .
 This would have to be yet another terrible adaptation of a Stephen King short story . It concerns a young couple , -LRB- one of them played by Linda Hamilton in an early role -RRB- who arrive at the deserted town of Gatlin to find everthing seems to be covered with corn leaves . Then the guy who I suspect will never be a candidate for Mensa finally figures out that something is very amiss . Gee . I hope this guy never attempts brain surgery . This movie is so bad that it does n't even make the Grade for `` Drive In Movie Theatre '' fodder . I give this movie 5 stars because I like Linda Hamilton and was happy to see that she has gone on to better things .
 Among my top ten horror films , Children of the Corn succeeds on all levels.Acting , cinematography , music , and direction are all first rate.The concept of children chasing adults with scythes and other pointy objects is just terrifying to me . This film is a classic and nothing short of terrific.The DVD comes with a trailer and booklet.Contrary to what you may have heard , it really is a great series of horror films.I highly recommend checking out the 6 sequels . Most all of them are genuinely frightening .
 This was a great film based off a short story written by Steven King . I have not seen the sequels -LRB- I want to , even if they got bad reviews -RRB- but I think this one is better than the rest . It 's about some young kids who killed thier parents led by a child named Issac . Meanwile , a a marride cupple goes out on a vacction only to unfrotanoly lose gas in the cornfiled were the chidrenare . Very good movie . Perfect for a Steven King colltion .
 This was made in the 80 's people ! Of couse it might suck ! But this film really was n't scary , a good try to make it scary but it wasnt . The begining of the film takes you to three minutes of gore and violence , but thats all the gore you will see in the film , not counting a stabbing issue . THe film is a bit better then the short story itself , but then what else is new ? Sure , you get a boring plot that wished it needed more violence since its a horror film , but this film is great the way it is . In my opinion its a great film , but dont expect a lot . IT was made in the 80 's , not of this century . Watch if you are a SK Fan or a COTC fan . Either way is great . Trust me , you 'll like it if you like the friendly version of horror .
 AND HE 'S SO WILD ABOUT ME ! This is a good Stephen King movie . The beginning of it is very violent !! The whole movie is also strange , which is cool ! If I was to pick any of my favorite Steven King classics , this would be one of them . It is about 2 people who are driving through Nebraska and they come across an apparently dead kid in the road . Everyone else there worships a cornfield and has weird rituals and stuff . They must enjoy killing people because it is part of their mumbo-jumbo religion which is one that you do n't see everyday . The ending is also very violent and it has a good plot . I think the end is one of it 's best parts ! The cornfield death is just a little gory too . This movie is definetely recommended if you like Stephen King 's stuff . Peace out .
 we all have different tastes in movies.i think this is an awesome movie.it should scare adults out of there wits!The adults -LRB- peter horton < < i think thats his name and linda hamilton -RRB- play a great couple.The children are great . The main children are Isaac , Malachi , Joby , Sarah , Rachel and Amos -LRB- amos is mentoned and rachel is in the 6th -RRB- John Franklin plays an excellent Isaac on this 1 and on COTC666 . Basically this movie is about a couple who run into a group of savage children who worship their god He Who Walks Behind The Rows.There is blood . A few curses but no sex or nudity.If your a horror fanatic -LRB- and an adult -RRB- I suggest you try this one out . If you like it , you should go straight to the 6th one cuz the others are n't that great . They r ok but not as good as this and the 6th . I think Isaac -LRB- or John Franklin -RRB- steals the show with great acting.The 2nd ,3 rd ,4 th and 5th have nothing to do with Isaac.The worse 1 i have to say is the 4th . I do n't think they mention He Who Walks Behind The Rows.Try this one out unless your scared ! Happy Harvesting !
 There are classic scenes that transcend time . Linda Hamilton 's little `` throwaway '' scene in the first 15 minutes of the movie is one of these classics . Her song and dance routine to `` School is Out '' is as cute and memorable as they come . Thanks to the film editor who picked it up from the cutting room floor . Even if I do n't watch the entire movie for the hundredth-something time -LRB- but I usually do -RRB- , that scene always delights me .
 This film is an absolute classic . I 've seen this film numerous times and I never get tired of it . Both Courtney Gains -LRB- Malichi -RRB- and John Franklin -LRB- Issac -RRB- are great actors who should have won awards for their performances . On top of the acting , my copy of this film is autographed by the music composer , who is also my science teacher 's husband . So that fact alone make this film extra special to watch .
 This is the beginning of what became an `` unexpcted '' franchise for me . This was a real small low budget film , so authentic . I think this movie could 've been better off WITHOUT any sequels . Some of them were ok but others failed , I 'll get to my reviews of those seperatly but anyways , I 'll start talking about this one.Well , at the start of the film , we are introduced to an awesome kick-ass scene where the `` children of the corn '' , kill a bunch of adults in a diner , with some really cool effects.Now we cut to present , where we are watching Linda Hamilton & Peter Horton in a motel room . It is his birthday , and they are both going to a new town because Horton has the job of a doctor . So they hit the road , and then hit a kid on the road , and more to their horror , he was already dead because the man notices his through severely cut out.So then we find out all kids in the town killed every adult in the town , because they are in in some sort of a cult that gathers in the towns cornfields . Well , the only two normal people are these two kids . Their older borther was the one hit by the car . So they pretty much help the ouple defeat the god that all the kids worship , and happy ending.I liked this film just because to 80s feel , the atmosphere really reminded me of Amish descent , and this had some great special effects and great gore/makeup scenes . So I would recommend Children of the Corn to any horror fan that has not stumbled across it yet . I give it a full 5/5 .
 This is an OK movie . I 've seen it three or four times and I decided to buy it . I did n't even bother watching all the others because movies that are n't that good usually do n't have good sequals either . But this one is good enough to watch although not scary at all . Malachai is pretty cool .
 I loved `` Children of the Corn '' ! It was n't that scary , but the characters were especially intimidating.It also comes with little bits of both humor and pity . For example , the humor is in the mistakes that were made in the making . I could point out 5 the first time I saw it ! There 's not much humor in the script . The sad parts of the movie are of course when some people die . It 's sad when all the parents and adults have to die , because without them the innocent children are helpless . You ca n't help but feel a little sorry for Isaac when he is devoured by `` He Who Walks Behind The Rows '' , even though Isaac is a bad guy . I would reccomend this movie to someone who really has nothing to do on a Friday night and wants evil kid action and does n't mind corny special effects . DO NOT put time off your schedule just to watch this movie . It 's a good movie only when it should be , and that 's when you have about an hour and a half of free time . Also , do n't see the sequals ; They 're absolutely , undeniably , stunningly TERRIBLE !!! You could probably watch them if you were desperatly bored out of your mind . Anyway , the first one is the best . Besides some of the gorey parts , saddening child and adult deaths , and a hokey movie resolution , this movie is a beatiful story mainly about a loving couple who meet two kids while driving throgh Nebraska .
 I thought the opening climax of this movie was the scarest part.The Diner scene.Could this movie happen?I say not.Think about it.The kids kill off all the adults in the town .5 years passed , how come some of the kids did ` nt age in that time?And I think Credit Card companies would be wondering why no one in Gatlin is paying there Credit Card Bills?And how about TAX Bills!The IRS would be coming to town!You just cant wipe a town off the face of the earth with out any one noticing.Well this was a good movie and a lot better then those terrible sequels this movie spawned.Who was `` He who walks behind the rows '' ? The Devil a demon?They never did say who it was.If you ask me , I think they should de a Children of the Corn prequel about `` He Who Walks Behind the Row '' ?
 I saw this movie when it first came out in 1984 . Scared ... a 9 year old girl . To this day , I ca n't walk passed a cornfield without shivering . It 's definitely on its way to becoming a horror classic : D
 In Gaitlan Nebraska three years earlier , it seemed like a nice town until a boy named Issac -LRB- John Franklin -RRB- who happens to be a young preacher in training was told by a demon posing as god to command him and other children with teens especially Malachai -LRB- Courtney Gains -RRB- to murder all the adults in town . The town has been nothing but deserted with no adults around for a traveling couple named Vicky -LRB- Linda Hamilton -RRB- and Burt -LRB- Peter Horton -RRB- are about to find out the terrifying unholy secret of the killer child cult.One of the most entertaining and thrilling Stephen King adaptations is a flawed but quite enjoyable supernatural shocker . Based on a short story made by Stephen King , this has gained a cult following plus a legion of sequels and remakes to follow . The acting is OK but Hamilton really shines here in the same year she was in The Terminator but the children here are creepy as hell but it does have a cheap and funny ending though , it 's still worth watching.This Blu-Ray offers a quality high-def picture and sound quality to a 25 year old movie ! the extras here are terrific such as trailer with audio commentary , BD-exclusive interviews , featurettes , original storyboard art , fast film facts , original title sequence art and poster-and-still gallery.Also recommended
 You can not miss this one . A great Stephen King movie that is worth every cent . Very original story which has the children killing all the adults in town . Scary in places and I 'm sure die hard horror fans would really like this one.There are 6 movies , so far , in this series but I think this one is the best . I was really disappointed with the other 5 so I suggest you go rent them before buying . Especially the last 2 . I ca n't find the 4th one anywhere but online so I do n't think I 'll be seeing that one any time soon .
 This was superb movie . It is a classic ! If you are gon na get it get it from amazon .
 I ca n't believe they put one of my favorite horror movies on blu-ray !! I 'm gettin this . Stephen King totally pulled into this movie . I never owned a dvd copy , so I am very interested to see how the movie looks in high definition .
 Children Of The Corn is a classic horror movie that stands out . It is choppy for it 's time , but that is normal . I am relieved that this title is going to hit Dvd soon . Ca n't wait . The book was different , and it was different from the movie . The book and the movie are the same thing except for the movie there is a good ending , and the book has a bad ending . I herd that children Of The Corn wo n't contain too many features . But here is a few
 This is a pretty good horror movie . It is how horror movies were made years ago . It is about a couple who travel to a town called Gatlin and meet some creepy kids who all follow a special diety . The children want to add the couple to their `` collection '' , and give their souls to `` He Who Walks Behind the Rows '' . Thier is also no gore in the film , exept for the slaughter at the beginning at the coffee shop . A good film that spawned terrible sequals exept for the 3rd and COTC 666 .
 First off , forget about all the sequels , children of the corn this and children of the corn that , and take a look at the original . In the tiny village of Gatlin all the children , led by preacher Issac have slaughtered all the town 's adults.Creeepy ! Now onto our heros , Burt and Vicky who are just passing through , minding their own busines , when they hit a child who happens to be standing in the middle of the road ... But for Burt and Vicky it 's only the beginning of their nightmare . Yes it 's the kids revenge as Issac orders his hit-man Maliki to kill the `` outlanders '' as they call them . Luckily Burt finds Jobe and Sarah -LRB- actually I lie , coz they found him -RRB- , the only two children not corrupted by the evil lurking presence of the corn feild . Children of the corn is Stephen King 's best . It 's got great scare sequences and let me just say that the movie 's musical score is a masterpeice in itself.It 'd give anyone the chills.So , simply that 's why I like this movie . This was Deathgirl , telling you why Children of the corn is a horror classic.Kill the outlanders ...
 OK . It 's silly . I still like this film for it 's flaws . Linda Hamilton & Peter Horton are reliable as the adult leads , and I 'm usually appalled by bad kid-actors , but there are so many of them that I had a good time . One kid actor , Anne-Marie McEvoy -LRB- as Sarah -RRB- was believable . This film starts out well , and really grabs you ; after a while , the kids appear and make it a crazy exposition of silliness . The bland setting of Nebraska -LRB- actually , filmed in Iowa -RRB- adds to the initial interest . Credit must be given to director Fritz Kiersch for his great use of sets and creating a certain tension , and the music of Jonathan Elias -LRB- reminiscent of Jerry Goldsmith 's THE OMEN -RRB- was effective . Still , there 's no forgiving the performances of John Franklin -LRB- Isaac -RRB- and Courtney Gains -LRB- Malachi , who looks like a cross between Alfalfa & Eddie Haskell -RRB- . They were so atrocious , but , mixed with all the other horrible kid-performances , it becomes a laff-fest . One kid , Amos -LRB- John Philbin -RRB- , looks like a young Tom Cruise , and goes to his death with a toothy smile that 's borderline corny -LRB- forgive the pun -RRB- . The film is entertaining , as long as you do n't take it seriously . It is based on a 15-page Stephen King story , but it kind of takes on a mystique of its own . The DVD version has a slight LBX which adds to some of the beautiful landscapes . Do n't write this off ; it 's fun .
 I would consider myself a horro-genre fan ... I 've seen them all . This movie is one of my favorites . I can understand how many people think that this movie seems silly and stupid . My only defense is that these people did n't try to get `` into '' the film . What the movie lacks in budget and special effects , is more than made up by a very creepy and chilling atmosphere . Although the pace of the movie may seem slow , it is actully for its benefit . If you really try to get into the movie , you begin to understand how creepy it is that childsren are being possessed . All in all if you are a horro-genre fan , you have to see it . it is up there with The Shining , Exorcist , and Nightmare on Elm Street -LRB- no joke -RRB- . Stay away from the sequels -LRB- although # 4 was n't that bad actually -- have n't seen the last one yet -RRB- .
 I drop a mad load when I think of this movie . When I first saw it I was like 5 , and it was not a pleasant movie to see at that age . Now that I think about it , it can be unpleasant at any age . Those kids are freaky . That had that twisted-farm-kid-from-years-ago look down perfectly . I love it and I hate it . Just do n't watch it alone . This is a genuinely scary movie . The diner scene , the scene where the kid who got hit on the road comes alive , the ending , and everything else in between will drive you mad . I do n't know . It just really scares me . I 'm 20 now and I still get bothered when I hear the name Isaac . Hehehe . It 's bad . Have fun .
 I saw this movie when I was a little girl and it scared me to death . You would think that I would have outgrown it , well I have ` nt ! This movie still sends chills down my spine . From the time the massacre starts in the diner , 'til the very end -LRB- Iwo n't give it away for the few who have ` nt seen it -RRB- , this movie will have you on the edge of your seat . This movie is a must have for any di-hard horror movie fan !
 Product arrived new , on time , and as described in the listing . Not much else to say about a movie . Wish I could find # 2 on bluray .
 I enjoyed this movie cause i like Horror movies with kids in them . The movie starts out with your ordinary Sunday morning Church service . Everyone in the town is going to the local cafe for an after-Church service dinner get together . Well , everyone is having a good time untill the kids show up and come into the dinner . They stand around till thier 9-year old leader come to window and gives them a signal . They kill all the adults . Then the movie comes back to present day and shows 3 kids helping thier sibling try to escape . The kid runs through the corn field , but Malachi gets him and slits his throat and throws him out into the road where this couple hit him . They ride into Gatlin and find there is no one there except kids . They find a little girl names Sarah who tells them whats all going on till the kids show up and take the wife away to sacrafice to `` he who walks behind the rows '' Thier leader is Issac . He tells all th ekids they need to get rid of all the adults ... and they listen . Soon , her husband finds her in the corn field where the final showcase is and saves her and they rescue Sarah and her older brother Job they are the 2 kids that tried to help thier sibling escape -RRB- Its a pretty freaky movie . When the kids turn 19 , they get a knife and engrave the star of the devil thing on thier chest and pass around the little blood dish to the other kids and give thierselves up to `` he who walks behind the rows '' good movie though , the storey stinked though in `` Night Shift '' .
 Many fans and critics of the horror gene has given the children of the corn films a bad reputation . But , ignore them and focus on the film itself and what you think of it . There is six children of the corn films in the sereis , leaving no room for a seventh at the end of the sixth film -LRB- CHILDREN OF THE CORN 666 ISAACS RETURN -RRB- . If you read the book Night Shift , Children Of The Corn is orgianlly a short story that was written by Stephen King . Of course , the book is completely different from the movie . The movie has a good ending while the book does not . There is features on this film -LSB- Amazon.com -RSB- just did n't put it in . There is a theatrical trailer , 5X7 theatrical poster , 16 page collector 's booklet , dolby digital 5.1 , and widescreen 1.85:1 -LRB- ANAMORPHIC -RRB- . The first children of the corn film that was released to dvd was Children Of The Corn 666 Isaac 's Return which had no features . This film is a good and entertaining campy film that lives up to the title . Anchor Bay did do a goodjob on doing it . So if you own a dvd player and a VHS copy of the film then get rid of the VHS copy and buy this one .
 I liked most of the first half of this movie as good the short story until it all went downhill in the second half . This is good Stephen King ! I give five stars for the first half alone . Get a copy to watch .
 I agree with alot of you all on this movie it is one of the best all time thriller king ever made . The short story did no justice . The film brought out so much more that what king had in the story.If you read the story you wil understand . There are things in the movie that is not in the story its self.I have to say if you like thrillers and really bloody movies this is the one for you . I would recommend this movie to any thriller lover out there .
 This movie is pretty good and I thought it was an intresting idea to have the children as kilers instead of having a guy in a ski mask hacking up young virgins all the time . It has an eerie atomsphere and that when you see the shots of the corn you feel like you are there . The direction is not too bad and neither is acting the by the children . Although , the acting by the two lead adults by Horton and Hamilton -LRB- pre-Terminator days -RRB- is not too good , although , I have seen worse in other movies . The whole concept of the movie is great you when see these children that go a little nutty , kill the adults of the whole town and worship a creaturn named `` He Who Walks Behind the Rows '' . It is defintaly something different to watch if you like movies .
 Motoko says
 I think this movie is the BEST movie ever made by Stephen King . It is put together brilliantly by a very talented group of people . The kids acted their parts out perfectly . It gave me chills just watching it.This movie is and always will be my favorite movie of all time !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The children of the corn starts out with a little boy who is at church with his father . After church him and his dad go to the cafe to get a couple of drinks . While the boy is waiting for his , his father uses the phone to call the boy 's mother to tell her that they would be home soon . Meanwhile one of the children that lives in the town who they called Mallachi went into the cafe to play a video game . And while doing so other children started to gather around the cafe , one child locked the door and they all started to kill the adults . They killed every single one including the boys father . Now it 's been some years later and a couple is going on a vacation and end up taking a wrong turn and end up in this town where the murders were takin place . For the conclusion what happens is this couple ends up trying their hardest to keep themselves alive . The leader of the children including Malachi die in the end . But the girlfriend of the leader is pregnant with his child and she goes after this couple in the end and she ends up getting knocked out and that was the beginning of the second part .
 This is a teriffic tribute to the Friday night , done on the cheap , horror movies from the by gone days of the drive-in era . The story is simple , the characters predictable and the drama bigger than life . Everything about it reminds you of those drive-in scare fairs that made us all laugh and scream . The casting is inspired and has even launched the careers of two of todays bigger movie and TV stars . Regardless of how you look at it , it does what a good scary movie should do -- and when it 's all over , you 're looking under the bed and over your shoulder . I recommend only the first -LRB- and original -RRB- in this cult hit series .
 This is one of the best movies i have ever seen , I do n't know what that other dumb guy is talking about . He said it was dumb , do n't listen to him hes a jerk !!! I think it was a really cool movie . I like the idea that Isac and Malachia are crazy . Best movie ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I enjoyed the movie when I watched it for the first time . I had read the short story by Stephen King before seeing it and I liked the movie better .
 `` Children of the Corn '' is the 1984 adaptation of a Stephen King tale that turns children into monsters . Following in the tradition of `` The Bad Seed '' and `` Village of the Damned , '' `` Children of the Corn '' sets out to shatter our notion that childhood is a time of innocence . The opening scene grabs us right away . In Gatlin , Nebraska , a small farming community , the good citizens follow church on Sunday with breakfast at the local coffee shop . One morning , however , the town 's children rise up against the adults , poisoning their coffee and slashing their throats in a violent , horrifying sequence . Skip ahead three years . Burt and Vicky -LRB- Peter Horton , Linda Hamilton -RRB- have a bad accident outside Gatlin and walk to town , searching for help . But they find no adults . Eventually , they discover that the children of Gatlin have formed a religious cult around an evil entity , `` He Who Walks Behind the Rows . '' Though far from a classic , this film has an enormous following and has inspired six sequels , five released directly to DVD . Its appeal lies partly in the performances of the two young leads . John Franklin plays Isaac , the nine-year-old prophet who organized the cult , and Courtney Gains portrays the odd-looking and unsettling Malachai . Bonus extras include the featurette , `` Welcome to Gatlin
 There 's just something about a movie that has children killing adults and running the show that freaks everyone out . I guess it plays on the same kind of fears that movies that have bee 's taking over the world do . We treat children like they 're a nusance , so they rise up against their aggressors , adults , and most likely succeed because adults discredit kids . Huh ... Well that 's at least what I got from this movie.When I watch a horror movie I look for three basic things . First , is the acting up to par and is the movie well made ? Second , how are the special effects and the death sequences ? Finally , does the end of the movie deliever and wrap things up?In the first category this movie does really well . You can tell from the beginning that the movie was probably made on a very small budget , but the camera work , and everything else was done extremely well . The acting is also pretty good for such a low budget movie . Terminator girl does a terrific job , as well as all of the kids , especially the leader . Malaki , or the red-headed bully stumbles over his lines , but he does a half decent job . So yeah , the movie delievers here . * Oh , something to watch for . When the main character is running away from the children who are chasing him , and calling him lap lander , or excuse me OUT-lander , he runs into the barn . It is dark in the barn and he `` hits '' his head on a beam . It 's incredibly hilarious because you can sooooo tell , he fakes it.Secondly , does the movie have decent special effects and death sequences ? Yes and no . Yes because some of the special effects are pretty good , but there is n't that many of them , nor killing sequences . The kids go on a rampage in the beginning and then , that 's pretty much it . There is a lot of suspense in the movie , which does creep you out , but no real need for crazy special effects . The special effects are okay . At the end they look pretty cheesy , but hey low-budget movie so what are you going to do?Finally does the ending wrap the movie up ? This movie certainly does . It takes all the elements of the story and wraps them up into a neat pacakage at the end . Like I said , the special effects are a little cheesy but alright . It 's nothing you ca n't see coming , but it has some little twists which keep you watching.So all in all , this is a pretty good movie . It 's gotten a bad wrap for some reason , but there will always be a book versus movie battle for every book they turn into a movie . I never have read the book , so I ca n't throw my two cents in here . Anyway , it would be worth the buy at Walmart for 6.50 , rather than renting it .
 I would like to know if John Franklin -LRB- Issac -RRB- is still doing movies ? I thought he was the only actor in this film to ACT . He was the only element in this film that actually made you want to watch . I know he did another CofC film ... but has he done anything else.The movie is good to watch with your girlfreind on the couch .
 Children of the Corn , I shall freely admit , will not win any oscars.But like all Grade-B films , it is not meant to . It is designed for people who like to sit back , munch on chicken wings , and enjoy themselves.With that in mind , I openly admit liking the movie . Yes , its missing footage should be added back in , and yes , its `` climatic '' confrontation scene involves one of the most corniest -LRB- get it , corniest ? Corny ? Children of the Corn ? I got ta million of 'em ! -RRB- speeches imaginable , but who cares.It 's fun !!!
 This is one movie I have yet to finish due to it being too creepy . I am an adult and movies do n't affect me like they did whenI was younger . My wife has the same feelings ... we can not watch but 15 minutes . It is a well done production .
 I absolutely love the Children of the Corn movies . I would recommend them to everyone . Another great addition to my collection of movies .
 It came . No scratches . Plays perfectly . They came two days apart . It tookva week and two days beore I got them . But I will order again .
 Children of the Corn is a 1984 horror movie based on a Stephen King story of the same name . In the town of Gatlin , Nebraska , life is going on as normal one Sunday morning . The adults in town have just gotten out of church while all but two children are in the local cornfields with a mysterious boy named Isaac , whom the one kid 's father does n't like or trust.After services end , the children with Isaac begin their attacks and suddenly murder every one of the adults in the town . Three years later , Isaac and the town 's kids have continued living their isolated existence when a dating couple , played by Linda Hamilton and Peter Horton , stumble -LRB- or should I say ` drive ' -RRB- across a teenager who , like the other two kids not in the field that day , knew the evils in Gatlin had tried escaping but was caught and murdered.This leads the couple into town where the kids under Isaac 's leadership decide to bring them and sacrifice them to their god , known only as He Who Walks Behind The Rows . The couple must now protect the two kids on their side as well as bring an end to the murdering child cult.CotC is what I think to be one of the better made Stephen King adaptions . The movie is an entertaining horror movie in its own right as well . As for the actual blu-ray itself , I have no complaints there . It looks nice enough . So far I 've only used one of the special features , the function where trivia pops up on screen and every once in a while . It does give some nice background on different scenes.Is it worth a buy ? If you do n't already own it on DVD , then I would say yes . If you do own it on DVD already , then you 'll have to decide for yourself if the special features make it worth it enough .
 grabbed this old school movie for a gift . this movie is a classic . good buy good buy . came fast in the mail
 CHILDREN OF THE CORNThis is one of those movies that seems to divide people , some love it and consider it a classic while others not so much . I know people on both sides of the fence on this subject and have listened to them all on their thoughts . Me myself I fall somewhere in the middle since I do like the movie but admit that it is not as great as some say . In fact if you want a good one check out the first filming of this story on `` Stephen King 's Nightshift Collection '' movie called `` Disciples of the Crow '' . It is a better telling of the story and like the story is a short film.Based on King 's short story the film follows a couple traveling the country that happen to have an accident near the town of Gatlin Nebraska . This town though is not as it seems when the couple arrive , the town has a secret that may be the end of them both . An entity known only as `` He who walks behind the rows '' has taken control of the town 's children and has them following his religion . And with that control he has them kill off all adults in brutal fashion.Now it seems that those who believe that this is a classic believe so for one of a couple of reasons I think , could be wrong , have been before . Any way I think a lot of people put this as classic status because it is a King movie , and one from the 80 's none the less . Now that can be easily disputed because is that really a reason to label something classic ? Then of course there are those who consider it a classic because they watched it when they were young . Now for those who say that I will not debate you at all because I am guilty of that with some titles as well , so I can see that . You are not looking at it as another movie that you would judge more realistically today because it holds a special place in your heart . I am down with that because I do the same thing with movies I watched as a kid.Now on to those who hate this movie all I can say is most I have talked to did not have actual reasons for disliking it other than so many call it a classic because it is a King flick from the 80 's . Now I am not talking about everybody because there are people who have actual reasons for disliking it like there are those with actual reasons to like it . Any way as for my opinion I have to say I actually like this movie , not love although there are things I love in it.Now at full length it was always going to hard to make the short story stay interesting . Do n't get me wrong I think there maybe someone out there who can make the right film for this , someday maybe . In order for this to work as a full length film it would have to have suspense like crazy and atmosphere throughout the entire film . I feel like if this story could be done like the old school horror films it would be a huge success . But any way I have to say I loved the actual short story and like the movie . It has flaws of course but the idea always was interesting to me . Plus I always loved the `` He who walks behind the rows '' line , super cool line in my opinion . Then of course I thought John Franklin was creepy as child preacher Isaac , but it was Courtney Gains who stole the show . I always liked his portrayal of Malachai and the scene where he is yelling `` Outlander '' was great.Now of course the film has its flaws such as the pacing , the movie tends to move slowly at times . That seems to be the films biggest problem I think and some of the acting is not up to par . Also time has not helped that ending and its special effects which is not the movies fault I must point out but it is there . I believe director Fritz Kiersch did what he could with the adaptation since at full length it is not horrible.I have to say that no matter how I feel about the flick the DVD is great with behind the scenes stuff and an excellent commentary . This is one of those commentaries in which they actually give some good behind the scenes stuff up and tell some funny stories from the set . Like the kid in the road thing with the accident at the beginning . Any way I would say if you are interested in King 's films then pick up the special addition here for the special features .
 Every one says that the sequel was better ! Bull $ % @ # @ ! This movie is definately a horror classic thanks to the dark storms and great music
 This movie is the best.This is one of King 's best stories.I recommend this movie to every one who likes grusome films.The actors fit their parts.If you want a great movie to watch one night , then Children of the Corn is that movie .
 Children of The Corn is probably one of my favorite films based on Stephen King books . It has everything we 'd expect from a great novel turned into a better film and it did n't need visual effects . I recommend this to any fan of Stephen King .
 One word for COC ? Creepy ! Almost 20 years later this movie is still terrifying . The premise is absolutely terrifying . Children taking over a community in some warped religious backdrop . But why is it so scary ? That kid who plays Malachai ! Pure evil . Even Christopher Walken would shudder !
 I first saw this movie last year I love horror movies and this is a pretty cool one . Its about a young couple always fighting -LRB- or atleast that is what the book said -RRB- and they run over a kid that was already dead they go to this little town Called Gatlin wich is a small dead town that has nothing but corn and kids in it but there is no phone so they ca n't report the murder . this Stephen king video was realy cool . There is nothing scary about this movie it is alittle weird it has curses in it and some blood but it is not as bad at the 6th one -LRB- Children of the corn 666 isaacs return -RRB- that one showes a little more blood than this one does but not bad I still do n't think it is scary at all . if you are planning to watch this movie do n't watch the 6th one first because you will get way off and get confused . My favorite charactors in this film are the bad guyes because I think it is funny when how they think they are God and everbody should worship them but that is my openion . Well I hope I hav n't spoiled it for all you guys if I did well now I guess you know what it is about more than you think . So pop some popcorn and watch a corn movie . Enjoy !!!!!!
 This film is absolutely perfect . This is one you can watch with your kids/parents . Children of the corn has a few scary moments but is mainly just an awesome thriller . Malachi and Isaac are awesome in this film . Stephen King is a genius and the plot to this movie is something almost as good as the original Halloween plot . This movie has what most horror flicks do n't ... Personality ! Definetly pick this one up .
 remember seeing this at a friends house at age 12 . scared the crap out of me . got it on dvd a year ago . still scares me . the `` he who walks behing the rows creature '' is terrifying even if you can only make out his eyes . and his followers of macabre murderous children are quite terrifying themselvesespecially with their first kill in the beginning of the movieone hell of a terrifying slaughter they causeshockingand a very great storysee this on dvd or vhsit will terrify you
 I first saw this movie at about age 8 or 9 . It scared me to death . Even at 25 you would n't catch me anywhere near a corn field . The music is really creepy and adds to the overall feel of this movie . Other reviewers have said this movie was bad or that the short story was better . I am a HUGE Stephen King fan and have read almost all of his books . I HATED the short story and thought it was boring after seeing the movie version . I grew up watching scary movies and most of them do n't scare me anymore . This one does and probably will for the rest of my life . I would recommend this movie to anyone wanting a good scare .
 I 'm 16 years old and I love Children of the Corn , it 's creepy without being gory . The dvd quality is great and the special features are fun . It was really interesting seeing John Franklin and Courtney Gains in the documentary for the 20th anniversary ... they both look just as they were and it 's cool hearing about their experiences on set , which is continued in the commentary . Great dvd , it 's a great deal for those who love this movie .
 In the 80s you could make a low budget horror flick with unknown actors and it would become a household name . This is the case with Children Of The Corn . Not a great movie or anything , but a classic nonetheless . In all honesty , I have absolutely no clue how so many sequels got made . But this one is 100 % horror movie junkfood entertainment that they just can not make anymore . The movie tries to be creepy , but only succeeds some of the time . The first scene in the diner is still a bit shocking even today . Unfortunately , the rest of the film never lives up to that scene . Another highlight is John Franklin 's performance as Isaac . They could n't have picked a better guy for this part , he 's pretty creepy . He could pass for 17 or 30 , man or woman ! I could have done without all the supernatural junk thrown in near the end , and the `` monster '' that looks like Bugs Bunny tunneling to Albuquerque . Do you think anyone would notice a deserted town after three years ? But I do n't like this movie for it 's logic , just coz it 's fun .
 This is one of King 's best black comedy thrillers about a boy priest Isaac and his servant Malachai who makes killing sacrifices for He Who Walks Behind the Rose . The comedy is in the evilness of the characters , which is a King trademark . King 's theory his social commentary is that the problem lies in the education system .
 Absolutely one of the BEST horror flicks out there . I mean they just dont make them like that anymore . The kids are frightening - the storyline great - and unlike some people it doesnt leave you with any `` bored '' feeling !
 Do n't be discouraged by bad reviews of this movie adapted from an original story by Stephen King in NightShift.In fact , grab some popcorn and watch this wonderful gem of a movie.Children of the Corn will grab you from the beginning with an easy going sense of small town story . I was easily caught up in the two adult characters and their journey into this Nebraska town.Small surprises , funny lines , and interesting -LRB- yet oddly strange -RRB- villains create a memorable movie . It 's not a movie to analyze , just a fun horror flick without much gratuitous nudity or language -- refreshing these days .
 This was Stephen King 's classic thriller . Filled with suspense and terror . You ca n't miss it . A horror classic . The best character of all in it , is Isaac . You better buy this movie .
 For Lovers Only is like nothing I 've ever seen before . Despite the irony of the affair what beautiful honesty ! The love and intimacy between Yves & Sofia was so real and the sentiments and descriptions of love so heartfelt and true . For Lovers Only is everything from beautiful to funny to heartbreaking and back again . It takes you on the most amazingly beautiful journey of love I 've ever seen told in a movie.There is so much heartbreaking beauty and honesty in the dialogue of For Lovers Only . And as a perfect counterpart the amazing humour always hits the spot , and is just as honest as the love and emotion.The beauty of the black and white really added to the overall feel , intimacy and heart of the story being told and Michael 's direction was superb . Every shot told a story and gave you something to look at and added to the emotional experience.The music fit each scene and moment perfectly . Be it to lead into a moment or carry us through a scene the music was beautiful and became part of the story.Casting Stana Katic as Sofia was a stroke of genius ! The honesty , soul and freedom of her acting are unequalled . It 's so completely captivating , memorising and awe inspiring . She captures Sofia perfectly and brings to life a woman who is completely free , with an amazing passion , but also a childlike innocence in the way she sees the world.Mark Polish was also compelling and captivating as Yves . His portrayal of Yves was so tender and passionate . He is a man who loves with all his heart and then some . He knew Sofia like the back of his hand and Mark portrayed this brilliantly.Yves & Sofia 's love story is so captivating , honest , beautiful , breathtaking and heart wrenching ! To build lives with people that never measured up , to have that one person who makes you complete and then have to go back to that life that you never felt like you fit into when your heart belongs to another was so heartbreaking . Yves & Sofia had the most epic of love stories that could never be . It was a heartbreaking case of if only ... I feel like there are four integrals moments that lead up to captivating love story being told and each one delivers perfectly.Firstly
 I had to take a few days to sort out my feelings about For Lovers Only . I should say , first and foremost
 I first heard about this movie when I started following Stana Katic on twitter , who has easily become my favorite actor/actress from the tv series Castle . And I admit , there was a lot of hype surrounding this `` out of the box '' movie . But let me tell you , it not only lived up to the hype , it SURPASSED it immensely ! It is pure emotion at it 's best and it is powerful.The black and white cinematography captures more emotion and beauty than any other movie I 've ever seen . Without the distraction of color , the actors paint this picture full of emotion and color that you feel in your soul . It is absolutely breath taking and it stirs the soul.Never has a movie moved me so much as For Lovers Only has . It has captured my heart and is now by far my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE MOVIE OF ALL TIME !! When a movie makes you feel what they feel , it changes you .
 Stana Katic -LRB- Castle -RRB- is the greatest actress of our time . In `` For Lovers Only '' she more than proves that she can be ranked up there with some of the all-time great actresses . The movie skips around some and at times is hard to keep up with but it is a very good movie . Shot in black and white it shows more emotion in the characters . Stana Katic is amazing in this movie . Very highly recommended .
 -LRB- This is from my Itunes review , but did not want to rewrite it or come up with something different ... lol -RRB- I came looking for this film because of the beautifully talented Stana Katic from Castle . I was familiar with the Polish Bros. film The Astronaut Farmer , however , I have never seen it . Therefore I did not know what to expect from them . To tell the truth I was very skeptical to watch this film at all , in fear that this would mess up my perception of Beckett -LRB- Katic 's character in Castle . If you have not seen that show , do yourself a favor Go Watch It !! It 's awesome , really no other show like it Ever ! The writing staff is full of geniuses , but that is another review entirely & once I stop , well I wo n't be able to stop on talking about the treasure that is Castle ;-RRB- -RRB- . Back to the film review :-RRB- : This movie is truly amazing ! It is so beautiful , and such a treat to watch over and over , & trust me , you Will want to watch over and over ;-RRB- . The interesting thing is that there are only 10 credited cast members , with Stana & Mark acting in 99.9 % of the movie -LRB- , with the two being the only ones in the shot -RRB- . This is defiantly a romance , love , beyond love story . But there is also plenty of funny dialogue between the two main characters . It 's just such a treat , really it is ! I can not wait to be able to see this in HD and am counting down the days till the 14th when I get to ! :-RRB- Pre order , buy , rent , whatever you want with this film ! Just watch it ! You will not be sorry!Just FYI there are some scenes in the film that are not for younger audiences . Defiantly not anything worse than what is out there right now , it is actually pretty `` clean '' for what it is . But I would n't watch with my dad if you know what I mean . Please do n't let that scare you from this film , I am telling you it is very clean compared to plenty other movies you can watch at the theater . Just letting people know : -RRB-
 The French Department of Tourism should buy millions of copies of this film and proceed to give them away to people who click on something like `` I am thinking of visiting France . '' This film strikingly portrays France as the beautiful , romantic place that many yearn to explore , not the cold land of the rude that many want to avoid.The only significant characters are Yves -LRB- Mark Polish -RRB- and Sofia -LRB- Stana Katic -RRB- , thirty-somethings who had been lovers in Paris several years before the film begins . But they ended the affair and went their separate ways . Both married . Apparently , they reside permanently in the U.S. . He has a daughter . It seems that the fire in their marriages is no longer roaring.At the film 's beginning they meet by chance again in Paris . They soon begin a heated affair which revolves around a whirlwind tour of much of France . It 's all presented in a series of stunning landscapes , seascapes , and cityscapes . There is a sheen about the cinematography that suggests the passion of love ; everything seems right and profound to lovers . And the romantic fervor is not diminished by a lack of funds ; there 's enough cash to do things like rent a motorcycle , dine in fine restaurants , and stay in beautiful hotels.It 's all filmed in black and white . Some say that black and white is more dramatic and profound , more `` real '' than color . Whatever . But it does work here.I do n't want to reveal more about the plot ; almost everything above is developed early in the film . Actually , the title of the film says it all .
 When you think that they had a $ 0 budget ... The movie is really intimate and intense , they did such a good job . The white and black works really well and the actors are just perfect .
 While I had seen a few of the Polish Brothers other moves , namely ` Twin Falls Idaho ' and ` Northfork ' I freely admit I may not have been aware of ` For Lovers Only ' if I did n't follow Stana Katic on Twitter . We all know what a great job Stana has been doing in the role of Kate Beckett in Castle for the past 3 seasons so any other project that she is involved with deserves a peek , right?Are you tired/bored with the usual Hollywood CGI laden , big bang , beat ` em up fare ? Like me , do you need to be emotionally invested in a movie ? If the answer is `` yes '' then ` For Lovers Only ' is definitely the movie for you.It quite simply could n't be any further from your ` conventional movie ' and trust me it does n't suffer for it in the slightest . What Mark Polish has written is an honest and heartfelt depiction of being in love - not just the joys but also the sorrows . ` For Lovers Only ' was conceived under the radar , with zero budget and zero marketing . The movie was shot with a tiny crew on the fly while travelling throughout France over a short period of time . There are no sets , no artificial lighting just amazing scenery , architecture and touching performances.The director , Michael Polish has done a magnificent job in capturing the tone of this movie . Filmed in black and white with a digital SLR camera he has managed to create the most romantic and almost ethereal feeling - it looks timeless . I do n't know how he 's done it but Michael has managed to make Stana look even more stunning!When we first met former lovers Yves -LRB- Mark Polish -RRB- and Sofia -LRB- Stana Katic -RRB- they seem to be only half a person , barely functioning . When they bump into each other again in Paris after 8 years apart it is palpable . It 's almost like they 've been hit by a truck , no words are necessary as it 's written all over their faces . We all know Stana can say more with her eyes than most actresses can with a couple of pages of dialogue . From that moment on you just know that there is more to their story and they are going to reconnect - it 's inevitable.As they leave Paris on their journey the ease with which Yves and Sofia fall back into the role of lovers or more importantly being in love is in stark contrast to the stilted and awkward phone conversations they have with their respective spouses . These two seem to be each others perfect , each others everything that it 's hard to imagine why they broke up in the first place - it 's never explained either.If viewers are expecting what follows to be a ` sexcapade ' throughout France then they are going to be disappointed . Yes , there is a sex scene but it 's not gratuitous or explicit - this is a movie for grown ups after all . The most intimate moments in the movie are when Yves and Sofia are simply in each others personal space , totally comfortable with one another , sharing their feelings and thoughts . If the objective was to have the viewer almost feel like a voyeur then mission accomplished in spades.I do n't want to dissect the movie scene by scene , it is better for the viewer to simply go on the journey with the lovers and let their story unfold before your eyes . You 'll laugh , you 'll cry but most of all you 'll feel.The haunting score by Kubilay Uner fits each scene perfectly and only serves to heighten the experience.The choices of songs by artists such as Arcade Fire , Jeff Buckley , John Lennon , A Girl Called Eddy and Serge Gainsbourg to name but a few are inspired . One could be forgiven for thinking that they had been especially written for the movie as they sit so comfortably within it.All in all ` For Lovers Only ' is a not just a treat for the heart but also for the soul . You will get a little something different out of it with each viewing . I first saw this movie just over a fortnight ago and it 's still rattling around in my head . How many movies can we say that about ?
 This is not going to be a critic , I 'm far from considering myself a professional , these are just my first -LRB- and second -RRB- thoughts about For Lovers Only for those ones who were not lucky enough to see it yet . Very subjective and biased - but if you see the movie you wo n't be able unbiased.I have to start with a thank and with an apology . I 'm forever grateful to the Polish brothers that they had waited with the movie until Stana Katic was available . Without her I probably would have never even heard of this movie and surely have never seen it . I have to apologize because I wanted to see this film just because of her - it was a great mistake.When I first heard about the movie , seen the first teaser and heard that this was intended to be kind of a remake of the classic French movie A Man and A Woman '' , I was glad and I had concerns at the same time . I was happy , because it was obvious from the teaser that Stana Katic finally picked for a role not because she speaks with different foreign accents effortlessly but where she can show her very sensitive , subtle acting in a main role . I was concerned because remakes -LRB- mainly American remakes of former European hits - sorry for generalization -RRB- are usually on the same pattern
 I came upon For Lovers Only with very minimal knowledge of the plot first going into it . I 'd become interested in the film after seeing the trailer on YouTube , and being a huge fan of Stana Katic 's work on Castle , I felt compelled to give it a shot . I was not disappointed . It 's become one of my all-time favorite films , and one that I fall more in love with every time I see it.For Lovers Only is a love story that touches the heart and the soul , should you be open-minded enough to let it in . Sofia and Yves are former lovers that happen upon each other in Paris after eight years apart , and despite how much things have changed , and despite the fact that they 're both married now to other people , when they reunite , it 's as though they 've never been apart . They run off together in France , conducting an affair behind their spouses backs , and yet I find myself rooting for them throughout the entire film.I have to ask myself why this movie has inspired me and left such an impression upon me considering how morally wrong I view infidelity.How can I view cheating on someone as so inherently wrong , yet cheer on Sofia and Yves?Simple
 Man , it 's like I do n't even know where to begin with this one . But it 's like I JUST re-bought the filmTwin Falls Idahoand suddenly , I had the Polish brothers on my mind . So you know , I did a little research on the two of them , and found out that they had this film out -- For Lovers Only.I could n't believe it !!! And I could n't WAIT to see it !!! -LRB- Thank God for Amazon Instant Video !!! -RRB- This movie was UNBELIEVABLE . And the performances between Mark Polish and Stana Katic were absolutely AMAZING !!! I credit the Polish Brothers
 Never before have I seen a love story told so well before . Tears , laughter , happiness , sadness . . everything . Beautiful movie . And Stana Katic was brilliant .
 A man -LRB- photographer -RRB- and women -LRB- writer -RRB- , former lovers see each other in Montmartre , walking up those high steps , stop , look , exchange phone numbers , fall for each other once again , and travel through France ; to Mont St. Michel , to the Loire , to the castles , to Provence ; ending magnificently , with a scene from a hotel balcony high above the Promenade des Anglais in Nice ; that expansive beach , the line of the sea , off in the distance , at dusk . All in black and while , light and dark , contrast and shadow , exquisite filming , unmatched camera angles , scenes of heartbreaking brilliance , a script of such uniqueness , obliqueness and inference that you whisper to your lover `` that 's real , that 's really how lovers talk . That 's you and me ... when . ''
 I stumbled upon it under the `` Universal Language of Love '' category under the Romance genre in iTunes . Thankfully , it was free to stream for Amazon Prime members . I did n't expect to appreciate this movie as much as I did . Perhaps I was born in the wrong time period and on the wrong continent . I loved the simple , black and white , low budget cinematography . Really goes to show that truly legitimate movies do n't need the big Hollywood pizazz and special effects . The black and white really allows you to focus on the chemistry , the feelings , the substance . Stana Katic is absolutely gorgeous and so stylish - definitely had a girl crush on her . And Mark Polish as a French artist - hot . Even if you believe having an affair and cheating is so inherently wrong , you truly find yourself rooting for them and feeling their palpable love , albeit estranged by an implied breakup , moving on -LRB- though never getting over it -RRB- , and bad timing . The dialogue is real , and at times quotable , but not cliche . This movie is so raw because you feel the lovers instantly reconnecting and starting right where they left off . Truly , it 's movies like this that proves love is real and haunting and moving and all-encompassing and open to interpretation , but not always happily ever after .
 I think most fans of Stana watched this movie because of her . Let 's face it if she were not in it not many would have downloaded it . I thought Polish 's acting was passable , but hers transcended her role on Castle . As many actors in a long running role have found , it is hard to break out of that persona . Stana carried it off beautifully , with a depth of emotions portrayed both subtly and powerfully . There were a few scenes that could easily have been from a Audrey Hepburn movie , the car scenes with the scarf and the dark glasses , for example . It slowly brought you into their world and then stays with you long after watching it.The way the movie was filmed and distributed was cutting edge new age , and I think it speaks well for this new genre .
 When I heard about this movie , I had to see it.I was totally gobsmacked . It captured my heart from the time Sofia sat in the taxi cab.It had me relive my own encounter in Paris.Same 8 yrs.I loved the freedom the actors allowed themselves to take in filming . A meeting that Yves , Sofia never thought would happen . Meeting on the steps made it hard to breath , my heart skipped beats.On the steps Yves , Sofia knew in that moment this was something that was not finished.Traveling around the country showing us their love for each other , their free spirits , emotions , tender moments , had us rooting to take what the universe had given them . Have watched this many times amazed every time . Just love the spontaneous freedom . Made it real . The raw filming makes it . . ThanksJe T ' Aime is in the air . .
 We love Stana Katic . I am not thrilled with watching movies on the Kindle Fire so we watched it on our PC which was much more enjoyable .
 I rented this after being curious about the title for a bit . I am so glad that I did . It is a great movie on its own , and only afterward did I explore how it was made , which makes it an amazing movie . I like it so much I am going to purchase it . Films like this should be rewarded .
 For Lovers Only is THE must to see ... A breathtaking performance by Stana Katic and Mark Polish.A beautiful movie where you 'll see love , true love . You 'll be so close to Sofia and Yves in every scene , you 'll feel their breath , their heartbeats ... and probably will fall in love with FLO ... but it 's a '' risk '' to take ... believe me.A must to see absolutely . '' '
 As a fan of the directors -LRB- Polish Brothers -RRB- and their beautiful lead actress -LRB- Stana Katic , Castle -RRB- , I awaited the release of this movie anxiously -LRB- traveled half way around the globe to see the Premiere ! -RRB- . Now that it has been released -LRB- On Demand and on the internet -RRB- do n't miss it . Once you see it , there is a very good chance you 'll want to watch it over and over again . It 's a visually stunning movie with a great soundtrack and wonderful , brave , honest , heartbreaking performances , but even more importantly , and more remarkably , it may be the best -LRB- only ? -RRB- movie you 'll ever see about `` being in love '' . It 's very intimate , very real , and very powerful . It 's an incredible experience . One that always makes me feel more alive .
 Film is superb . The content description by Amazon.com is possibly the worst I have ever read on the site . It has managed to mix up each and every significant relationship and conflict in the film . Astonishing injustice to a masterpiece .
 I have n't seen it but my daughter loves it . Since I bought it for her for xmas that i all that counts !
 I had n't seen it in years . I forgot what amazing characters were played in this movie . I loved it . Thanks .
 Product arrive in excellent condition and right on time . Great movie and would highly recommend . Fairly accurate depiction of the Japanese interment camps during WW II . Japanese are very traditional and honor bond people , we should take lesson from them .
 I enjoyed this movie years ago on cable and now can enjoy it anytime I want.Everyone in the movie and behind the scenes of this movie were awesome .
 Blu-Ray review . If you are reading this for the DVD copy , this information may not be accurate.Film
 American critics took a lot of potshots at this film , since it does n't have the usual Fascinating Fascism -LRB- a phrase of the late Susan Sontag 's -RRB- of the war picture , in which the ego in the darkness can sit back and feel invincible . The leading character apart from David Bowie 's daemon of righteousness , played by Tom Conti , makes womanish cries when he is beaten , and he gets beaten alot . He says , `` I wish they would stop hitting me '' . No Americans appear as does William Holden in the Kwai thing to make it all better by giving us a Winner with whom to identify . The English army mysteriously wins the war and presumably hands `` Java '' back to the Dutch , about which the less said the better -LRB- the Dutch were promptly ejected by the local folks -RRB- . But like most great works of art , this work is fecund in a way that the Philistine one to five stars types will never ever get.It has strange relevance post 9-11 . You see , the Japanese think it 's womanish to obey the Geneva Convention . They are engaged in a death struggle for oil and other natural resources and so have created The Greater East Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere by nicking Hong Kong and Singapore from an embattled Britain and `` Java '' -LRB- Indonesia -RRB- from the luckless Dutch , who were overrun in Europe by the Germans.The Japanese do n't like prisoners and think them useless -LSB- ... -RSB- . , rather like Jack Cellier 's little brother who is tormented apparently at Harrow for knowing nothing except singing and gardening
 I saw this movie on TV many years ago and was blown away by David Bowie 's acting in it . I kind of liked his music , but I really like his acting . Since then , I have been looking all over the place for this movie and am on many waiting lists . Well , just by chance I found it today on Amazon and ordered it immediately !!! I have also bought and enjoyed every movie that Bowie has made . There is just something about his acting skills that appeals to me and my family . I especially like the movie he did named , `` The Gift '' another great movie.Being a combat wounded Vietnam Veteran with many dear friend who are former POW 's , I can relate to these movies and enjoy them very much.A few years ago , I took my feelings about POW 's and MIA 's to a higher level and built a POW/MIA Tribute Harley that was a bit hit here in the upstate NY area . I had over $ 30K invested in it but the money does not matter , it was the outcome and the the sense of really trying to get my message accros , the local media outlets were very helpful getting the word out and the bike was in very high demand for displays.But , the whole thing comes back to incidents like this movie . I stongly recommend it to anyone who feels the same way as I and my buddies do . Thank you , Nick Donvito , Camillus , NY .
 This marvelous film , based on my favorite novel `` The Seed And The Sower '' by Sir Laurence Van Der Post , is light years away from the stereotypical prisoner-of-war film . It is so because of its profound understanding of clashing cultures , the hatreds that drive them , and the love that redeems hostile nations time and time again . David Bowie is often cited as the main character , but in actuality , his is a compelling supporting role . Tom Conti has the best role of his career as Lieutenant Colonel John Lawrence , a British officer imprisoned in a camp on Java . Japanese composer Ryuichi Sakamoto scored the film and also plays Captain Yonoi , the aristocratic , Shakespeare-quoting commandant of the camp . These two characters have a strong relationship which , nevertheless , is handicapped by the fact that Lawrence understands the Japanese better than Yonoi understands the British . Yonoi , and Bowie 's character , Major Jack Celliers , are wracked with guilt over incidents in their past ; Yonoi was unable to be with , and die with , his comrades , the `` shining young officers '' of Japan 's February 1936 military coup . Celliers betrayed his deformed younger brother while attending boarding school . Lawrence is caught in the middle of these two tortured men . He is repelled by the brutality of the Japanese , even as he respects them , and their samurai code of honor . Indeed , wayward Japanese guards are dealt cruel and lightening-fast corporal punishment by their officers ; and mistreatment of the prisoners is due to cultural belief , not simple sadism . The beauty of this film lies in the empathy that ostensible enemies feel for one another , and the unexpected kindnesses they show toward one another . But Yonoi 's devotion to bushido , and blindness to the British sense of honor , leads to a startling climax . If the final scene does n't make you weep , then get your heart checked , will you?An amazing film , only slightly marred by a few botched scenes and poor editing . -LRB- Oshima rarely shot more than one take . -RRB-
 I 've been suckered into a few other DVD releases of this film , so I was skeptical about this one . However in selling my other two copies and taking the money from those sells and buying this one , well need I say this is the last version , but the one I 'm completely satisfied with . The extras included filmed memories by Ryuichi Sakamoto , Producer JeremyThomas and Director Nagisa Oshima as well as an 1983 thirty-minute behind the scenes short . The film is beautiful and has been mastered from a new 35MM print and the haunting score by Ryuichi Sakamoto makes this DVD a treasured film for years to come .
 A highly unusual war movie with as many detractors as fans , this English-language feature directed by Nagisa Oshima -LRB- In the Realm of the Senses -RRB- stars David Bowie as a silent , ethereal POW in a Japanese camp . Protesting -- via his own enigmatic rebellion -- the camp 's brutal conditions and treatment of prisoners , Bowie 's character earns the respect of the camp commandant -LRB- Ryuichi Sakamoto -RRB- . While the two seem locked in an unspoken , spiritual understanding , another prisoner -LRB- Tom Conti -RRB- engages in a more conventional resistance against a monstrous sergeant -LRB- Takeshi -RRB- . The film has a way of evoking as many questions as certainties , and it is not always easy to understand the internal logic of the characters ' actions . But that 's generally true of Oshima 's movies , in which the power of certain relationships is almost hallucinatory in self-referential intensity . The cast is outstanding , and Bowie is particularly fascinating in his alien way .
 Tom Conti is a British Officer who questions a Japanese officer -LRB- R Sakamoto -RRB- at the end of WW2 . He asks questions about another British officer -LRB- David Bowie -RRB- who had been a prisoner of the Japanese in a camp commanded by Sakamoto . Told in flashbacks it 's tells the difference in cultures between the British and Japanese . Sakakoto tries to break Bowie but in the end is taken prisoner by the British . Good story but sometime brutal and disturbing . Overall I recommend it for the 3 actors and the way the movie portrays what being a POW in a Japanese prison was like . Criterion is the best when remastering these older movies .
 I originally saw this movie many years ago on a cable premium movie channel , and I think that version had either English subtitles or dubbed English vocals for the Japanese dialog . Anyway , the particular VHS version offered here by Amazon has neither . Amazon 's product description does not warn potential purchasers of this `` missing piece . '' That said , I am glad that I decided to purchase this movie -LRB- VHS video -RRB- so that I could see it again . Also , for you viewers who are members of the NetFlix or Blockbuster rental video service , a Region 1 DVD is not available -LRB- as of Feb. 2007 -RRB- . This movie is one of the most unique and interesting WWII movies I have ever seen . Tom Conti -LRB- Lawrence -RRB- and Davie Bowie -LRB- Celliers -RRB- give knockout performances . The Japanese actors are equally excellent . With the lack of subtitles , one has to guess what is transpiring when the characters are speaking Japanese -LRB- quite a lot of Japanese dialog -RRB- . Fortunately , the Japanese actors are very good with facial expressions and body language , which provide some insight into what is going on.Some reviewers have compared `` Merry Christmas , Mr. Lawrence '' with `` The Bridge On the River Kwai '' -LRB- 1957 -RRB- . The former reflects the sensibilities of a Japanese director , and the latter the sensibilities of a British director -LRB- David Lean -RRB- . Therefore , IMO , a direct comparison is not really meaningful . These two films are so very different in many ways . I also think that `` Merry Christmas ... '' is not so much a `` war movie '' as it is a study in the contrast of Japanese culture and values with Western ones . The plot also explores , with the Celliers ' character , the tortured mind of a man who finds himself in the most desperate of circumstances.In summary , this is a very unusual WWII movie , but well worth the time you need to invest in understanding the character development of the Allied and Japanese soldiers without benefit of English subtitles . Perhaps sometime in the near future , this movie will be released in a Region 1 DVD format with subtitles and some digital restoration of the original film . Such an effort should well reward the owners of this film financially . And , of course , the many lovers of this movie -LRB- in Region 1 -- USA and Canada -RRB- will benefit , too .
 `` Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence '' -LRB- 1983 -RRB- is a very special war movie , product of an atypical collaboration.Let see
 This is probably the most stylish and progressive war film you 'll ever see.A strange sense of Zen permeates the air in WW2 as we see the Japanese in Batavia , trying to control their POW camp . And on the other side , a band of Allied soldiers try to maintain their sense of dignity and survive the dreadful conditions of the war.When two men arrive - the whole world changes . Bowie brings with him an air of an Intrepid Adventurer meets Peter Pan ... while Sakamoto is a revisionist Samurai.Throw in Nagisa Oshima 's direction and the book on which this is based on becomes a contemporary retelling of a war fable.The movie could perhaps not have been better cast . Adding to the naturalism of the film are the heartfelt and understated performances of Tom Conti , Bowie , Sakamoto and Beat Takashi who are in superb form , along with the supporting cast.Particularly , Bowie and Sakamoto bring in a strange , eclectic energy into the piece . Inspired casting for sure which adds to the haiku like quality of the film.Other reasons to watch this : Ryuichi Sakamoto 's soundtrack is excellent and a must-have . The signature tune burns in movie history.Fans of Japanese films will see Beat Takashi here , aka Takashi Kitano ... of Violent Cop fame.They do n't make movies like this one anymore . This should be on DVD .
 He is known as one of Japan 's most controversial but also highly respected director , his name is Nagisa Oshima , a filmmaker who shocked Japan with his films in the '60s and achieved notoriety with his unsimulated sex film `` In the Realm of Senses '' and followed up with another controversial film with `` Empire of Passion '' -LRB- 1978 -RRB- . One of the founders of the Japanese New Wave , Oshima was known for taking on Japanese taboos and creating films against the status quo and in 1983 , Nagisa Oshima , now residing in France , went to work on his film `` Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence '' , a historical war film loosely based on the novel `` The Seed and The Sower '' by Laurens Van der Post and Laurens ' experience as British soldier who surrendered to the Japanese in 1942 and was a prisoner of war for several years and saw how soldiers were treated by the Japanese but how he was able to stay alive due to his ability to speak Japanese.But Nagase Oshima has always had a different perspective towards Japanese culture and for Nagashima , this was a chance to explore men 's attitudes in POW camp but to also explore perspectives of men from two different worlds and the consequences of war . Because `` The Bridge on the River Kwai '' was released in 1957 and dealt with British prisoners of war , both Oshima and screenwriter Paul Mayersberg -LRB- `` The Man Who Fell to Earth '' , `` Eureka '' , `` The Last Samurai '' -RRB- wanted to make things different with this film and other POW war films . `` Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence '' would eventually be nominated for a Golden Palm at the 1984 Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for six Japanese Academy Awards and also a winner of a BAFTA Award for `` Best Score '' . And now `` Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence '' has been given the Criterion Collection treatment and will be released on Blu-ray and DVD.VIDEO : `` Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence - THE CRITERION COLLECTION # 535 ' is presented in 1080p High Definition and in color . The Criterion Collection version is the best looking version of the film to date . More grain , colors look very good and even vibrant at times . You can see the stubble on David Bowie 's chin , you can see more detail on the wood surfaces , the grain on the sand and even the beads of sweat going down the soldier 's faces . Even during the darker portions of the film you can see a good amount of detail . There are probably some parts of the film in which `` Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence '' does look its age but for the most part , this 27-year-old film looks great on Blu-ray . According to the Criterion Collection , the new HD digital transfer was created from a 35mm interpositive scanned in 2K resolution on a Spirit Datacine 4K machine at Midnight Transfer , London . 2K color correction was done using Assimilate 's Scratch system , and dirt and scratch removal was done using Pixel Farm 's PFClean system at Cinelmage , London . This corrected data was output to high-definition tape at On Sight , London . Thousands of instances of dirt , debris , scratches , splices , warps , jitter and flicker were manually removed using MTI 's DRS system , while Digital Vision 's DVNR system was used for a small dirt , grain , and noise reduction.AUDIO & SUBTITLES : `` Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence '' is presented in Japanese and English stereo with English subtitles . Dialogue is crisp and clear and music also comes clear through the front channels . It is important for people to know that the Japanese dialogue is subtitled but when the Japanese talent are speaking English , there are no subtitles which is appropriate . But for some people who have difficulty understanding certain dialogue from the Japanese talent , there are no English subtitles.The film is presented in its original stereo surround format , the soundtrack was remastered at 24-bit from the 35mm Dolby LT/RT magnetic audio track at Sync Sound Audio , London . Pops , crackle , hiss and hum were reduced with an array of audio restoration techniques.SPECIAL FEATURES : `` Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence - THE CRITERION COLLECTION # 535 ' comes with the following special features : * The Oshima Gang - -LRB- 29:35 -RRB- A behind-the-scenes featurette produced in 1983 with actors David Bowie and Tom Contie , author Laurens van der Post , director Nagisa OShima and producer Jeremy Thomas . * On the Screenplay - -LRB- 11:05 -RRB- The Criterion Collection interviews screenwriter Paul Mayersberg in regards to the development and screenplay of `` Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence '' and the work of Nagisa Oshima . * On Location - -LRB- 40:00 -RRB- Interviews with actors Tom Conti , Ryuichi Sakamoto and producer Jeremy Thomas reminiscing of their experience on the set of `` Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence '' . * On the Music - -LRB- 18:09 -RRB- The Criterion Collection interviews actor and composer Ryuichi Sakamoto who talks about the score for `` Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence '' . * Hasten Slowly - -LRB- 55:32 -RRB- A 1996 documentary which was produced and directed by Mickey Lemle which explores the spiritual journey of Afrikaner author Sir Laurens van der Post -LRB- 1906-1996 -RRB- who wrote `` The Seed and the Sower '' . The autobiographical novel was the basis for `` Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence '' . * Trailer - -LRB- 3:13 -RRB- The original theatrical trailer for `` Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence '' . EXTRAS : * 30-Page Booklet - The booklet features `` Lawrence of Shinjuku '' by Chuck Stephens , an interview with filmmaker Nagisa Oshima titled `` Oshima
 This film explains the difference between Western thinking and Eastern thinking . The Japanese felt contempt for anyone who surrendered , against the Japanese teaching . The Japanese seemed brutal , but that was the in their experience and training . Near the end of the film the Japanese sergeant was confused about the capital punishment he was to receive . He only did as he was told . Much of the film is about the resistance and respect between the Bowie character and the Japanese commandant . It is the most unusual war film I have seen , now I will get it on DVD . It 's an outstanding film .
 This film was kind of cult when it came out . Because of David Bowie of course , but also because of the side of the Second World War it showed . In this case , the Japanese refused to apply Geneva conventions and forced onto their prisoners the code of conduct of the Samourai . The result is of course a great level of suffering , total disregard of death and dying , treating a hara-kiri execution as an honor , an honorable spectacle that any soldier should consider as a privilege to be able to watch ... For these Japanese soldiers it is a sign of a total lack of courage to accept to be the prisoners of those who defeated you . The only honorable course of action should be dying , and killing themselves in the last run . When Jack Celliers is captured , tried and sentenced to come to this prisoners ' camp , he is bound to explode the whole situation because the commander of the camp , Captain Yonoi , thinks he is different and might be of the Samourai vein . In fact Celliers is a typical British officer
 I saw this film when it was first released and was moved by it . Without being overly graphic , it depicts the brutality of Japanese POW camps and the philosophical disagreement within the Japanese army ranks of how POW 's should be treated . I 've described this movie , or at least tried to explain it to many people . Now that I have this on DVD , I have been able to show it to them and they begin to understand . What gets people , is the subtlety . The movie has some weird `` story within the story '' flashbacks and some of the things like Japanese spirit superstitions are assumed by the director to be common knowledge . This is what catches viewers by surprise when they find themselves crying at the end of the movie and they ca n't figure out why . The main story line of Mr. Lawrence and Sgt. Hara , is the classic `` does anything about war make sense '' question . They both are trying to make sense in a senseless world .
 This copy of the film does n't have subtitles . Since the majority of dialog is in English , so you sure can follow the story , but Takeshi , who plays a brutal Japanese soldier , speaks only Japanese except like the last 5 minutes of the movie . And his lines are pretty important part of the film . No wonder it 's already out of print when this copy was released last year . Look for the older copy of the film , catch it on TV or theater , or wait for somebody else releasing the film on video with subtitles .
 Evereybody should at least see this movie once . I can not wait to have it on DVD . It would be such a shame if they would n't convert to DVD .
 Directed by Nagisa Oshima in 1983 , MERRY CHRISTMAS , MR. LAWRENCE is the first movie of the japanese director after the international recognition of IN THE REALM OF THE SENSES -LRB- 1976 -RRB- and IN THE REALM OF PASSION -LRB- 1978 -RRB- . It 's not a war movie but rather a psychological study , set in a prisoner camp during WWII , of the cultural differences between europeans and japanese.As usual in movies and in life , the most interesting characters are not the most intolerant ones played by David Bowie , Ryuichi Sakamoto or Jack Thompson but those more human impersonated by Takeshi Kitano , the future brilliant director of SONATINE , and by the pragmatic Tom Conti who has the difficult task to be the spokesman of his fellow prisoners.Although I 've appreciated a lot this movie , I consider the David Bowie flashback that explains his final redemptive behaviour as ridiculous . Furthermore , this segment breaks the rythm of a nearly perfect film , if it was n't for this scene . Too bad.Please note that I 've seen MERRY CHRISTMAS , MR. LAWRENCE on a zone 2 DVD found at amazon.fr in France . French subtitles -LRB- of the english and japanese dialogs -RRB- , a trailer and filmographies . Sound and images OK.A movie zone severe hang-ups .
 Everything about it was just spectacular , I loved the music , story , and the beautiful imagery presented . The performances are solid , no one lacks . I heard about this movie thanks to Criterion and bought it through Amazon . This movie is possibly now my top 3 's . I LOVED IT .
 The first time I saw this movie I was very fascinated because of the story line.WWII was a very dark time for the world . Allied soldiers capture and placed into prison camps did n't stand a chance of survival . The Xs did n't necessarily practice the standards of the Geneva Convention.This movie is a glimsp of that historical time great acting and story line .
 I first watched this movie when I was 12 years old . I went to theaters 6 times to just watch this.This is a very Japanese movie . The characters are described very well . Some of them may seem like they are not well described or not enough , but that is very `` Japanese '' . It allows you to fill the empty space by yourself . You can interact with the movie or the characters.The movie 's pacing and rhythm also give you a sort of `` lacking of something '' , but again , that is meant to be that way .
 If you are looking to put this film in your `` War Films '' library , this probably is n't the movie for you . There is n't much action - that is not what this film is about . It is a character study in micro and macro . It is both personal and systemic . The film score also plays a huge part in moving the film along . It is aurally stunning . Other reviews go into details about the film itself , so I will cut this short . I would also highly recommend reading the book on which this film is based , `` The Seed and the Sower '' by Sir Laurens van der Post . The book is one of the best reads you will ever have .
 I find the movie sophisticated , simple , and entertaining . The acting in this film is superb by all players . The plot is most sophisticated in implementation . While some do not like the flash back scenes , they do however , give more depth to the main character . I never thought I would ever say David Bowie could act . I 've learned to never say never . He is flawless in his performance . The diversity of the film stands alone . The drama is captivating , alluring , and fluid . Anyone that understands the value of valor , honor , and character will enjoy this special jewel . I never get bored of watching this film - that says a lot .
 I saw it in cinema when I was 15 and since I left the cinema room I try hard to remember who was who made that beautiful music
 This film presented in a fair manner the abhorrent mentality of the Japanese during the days of their Empire ; depicting that reality on film would have required an X rating , because their treatment of non-Japanese humans was beyond atrocious . Things ended in August 1945 exactly as they should have .
 The war with all its miseries may be had not found a film so engaging and terrible like this one . A place where the guardians and prisoners are confined to share their lives . When the emotional lack of a high rank officer be revealed for a man without scruples , the hell is going to burn at your eyes . Well known as Furyo , this film was and still keeps the potent statement of 1983 , and it has not aged a just a bit.Superb performance of David Bowie and a solid script .
 This movie , of which I went simply for presence of David Bowie , BLEW MY MIND ! With explination , many assume the plot to be that of `` The Bridge over River Kwai '' , a film I have yet to see . I must admit , that after ~ 15 minutes , David Bowie was no longer the Rock Star , but had convincely become the stoic and hardheaded Jack Celliers , one of the many Australian captives in a Japanese POW camp in Java . Though my initial intention was to see Bowie on screen , this movie has become one of my all time favorites - MANY messages re
 It is one of the best movies I 've ever seen . All actors are real great , but the best are David Bowie and the unbelievable Takeshi Kitano who acts as the Yakuza-Boss in Johnny Mnemonic , every movie with Kitano is real great , also his japanese movies . Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence is better than River Kwai and it is more interesting to see the characters , who are really terrrific , than to see the typical american war-heroes in River Kwai . Im Mr.Lawrence wins no one a battle against the other , the prisoners only want to survive , they do not want to fight against anyone , only Bowie is a little bit rebellish .
 Hard to believe , but true . I saw this film when it first cameout and have been trying for years to get a copy . Thank youAmazon!David Bowie plays a `` soldier 's soldier '' parachuted onto Java during World War II to blow up the usual odds and ends . He surrenders rather than permit a village to be wiped out in reprisal and is sent to a Japanese POW camp , where the prisoners are treated with contempt and brutality . The Commandant , informed that the new prisoner is the epitome of the British Soldier , wishes to test his own ideas about what constitutes the perfect soldier . The ending is something of a surprise , but nontheless riviting . Tom Conti , playing the title character , is unique in that , for the first time in his career , he give a totally focused performance . The Japanese cast is wonderful and gave me a real view into the mindset of the Japanese soldier of that era . WARNING
 Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence is a haunting , yet intriguing story that pits two diverse cultures against each other in such a way that one can identify with both the captor and the captive . This is a story of understanding , respect , will and courage all in the face of terror . It seems to move slowly , but this is to the viewers favor , because every line in this film is significant and has meaning . This is a fantastic movie with a message . Bowie and Conti each give a wonderful performance in this film , but the Japanese cast is fantastic . The sound track and the cinematography are beautiful . This is a film that deserves much more credit than it received .
 ' I had a brother once , and I betrayed him ... ` Set in a Japenase prisoner of war camp in World War Two , this film is moving and disturbing . It recounts the synchronicities in the fates of two allied officers and their prison guards and is based on the brilliant stories by Lawrence Van Der Post in his book , ` The Seed and the Sower ' . I was astonished by David Bowie 's brilliant acting in this , not at all how a pop star turned actor generally performs.A disturbing and fascinating film , it recounts the fate of Jaques Celliers , handsome , a success at everything he does , a brilliant warrior , but tormented by guilt over his boyhood betrayal of his strange younger brother.This is another film which is lacking in a strong female part but to which I have to give five stars anyway . It 's unusual in being a brilliant adaption of a book to a film . The spiritual message is storng but not forced.Really outstanding .
 `` Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence '' -LRB- 1983 -RRB- is a very special war movie , product of an atypical collaboration.Let see
 I own this movie and I enjoy watching it . But I think that potential buyers should know that there are NO SUBTITLES . The prisoners speak English , and the guards speak Japanesse . The body language is eloquent and the acting well done . But you have to guess/surmise at what is being said by the japanesse soldiers . I suppose it adds to the air of the film . But I would truely love to find a version with english subtitles.postscript
 As s son of a young boy who survived torture in the japanese warcamps , because of collecting food at night outside the camp , I had to live with all kinds of stories about the japanese and the war . Since I saw the film , for the first time I think what it might have been like
 My favorite movie is the bridge over the river kwai , and then i saw this world war II film , the actors are more lifelike and the director seemed to understand the power and control better . The world revolves around two things , power and control . Those in power will do any thing to get there and stay there , anything . They absolutely hate people that get in there way even though they do n't last long , as this movie shows . Great film , the soundtrack is wonderful and so is the book .
 Terribly overlooked film . Ca n't find much of anything to complain about , except it 's not out on DVD . I 'd love to add it to my extensive collection of War Films , but , like `` The Beast '' , it 's far , far more than a War Film .
 It has been some time since I watched this movie , but it made quite an impression on me and I have wanted to purchase a copy of it for years . I am hoping that it will be available soon , whether in VHS or DVD format .
 Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence is one of the most interesting movies I 've seen in a while , but it 's not for everyone . As you can imagine , a movie with David Bowie is bound to be interesting by that fact alone . But the entire premise of Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence is marked with originality . This is not a family Christmas movie . It is essentially a WWII POW movie where the main character , John Lawrence -LRB- Tom Conti -RRB- , actually tries to explain his Japanese captors ' way of thinking to his fellow soldiers with little success . When British soldiers Jack Celliers -LRB- David Bowie -RRB- comes into camp with his own way of thinking , things become even more difficult . Lawrence , winds up explaining world-views to both captives and captors throughout the film , and this ` translating ' of ideas , along with the various character interactions steal the show.Director Nagisa Oshima tries to convince the audience that both sides of the war were wrong , and everyone became the victim of the sense of justice and honor carried out . Oshima 's caution is mostly effective , though a few scenes are uneven and might detract from the overarching message -LRB- though they are still emotionally resonant -RRB- , particularly those involving Jack Cellier 's past . The acting and sound track are top notch all around.In the end , if you are looking for a great anti-war film with an original premise and emotional weight , this might be a great place to look . If the sound of the political and philosophical message makes you cringe , think twice .
 a heart breaking movie that shows the inhumanity and yet the respect and love for one another.The courage to be free the courage to do what 's right .
 The novel question was , could David Bowie act ? The answer is a resounding `` yes '' . The movie and its plot are quite gripping , with a true good-vs-evil struggle set in a Japanese WWII prisoner of war camp . Bravo , Mr. Bowie !
 In this film , Col. Lawrence -LRB- played by Tom Conti -RRB- attempts to strike a balance between the Western Christian ethics of war and the Japanese Samurai traditions promoted by Captain Yonoi -LRB- played by Ryuichi Sakamoto , a famous Japanese composer who also wrote the score for this film -RRB- . Major Celliers -LRB- played by David Bowie -RRB- represents the `` perfect Christian warrior . '' Sergeant Hara -LRB- played by Takeshi -RRB- is caught in the middle and ends up the movie 's hero . The main question that this film provokes is
 I loved this movie . Davie Bowie was excellent . I had it on VHS , but wanted it on DVD . I 'm glad I got it .
 BOWIE WAS REALLY SEXY ... NO WONDER JAP CAPTAIN WOULD LOVE HIM ... NEVER WONDERED THIS COULD BE RELEASED BY CRITERION , A LITTLE MIRACLE .
 This 1983 film was directed by Nagisa Oshima , regarded as one of the best Japanese filmmakers of his generation . It was a joint British-Japanese production , which is very fitting since the story is one of culture clash between British and Japanese soldiers in a WWII POW camp.It 's not your standard POW movie . There is no escape , nor any real attempt at escape . -LRB- There is one half-hearted , aborted attempt . -RRB- There is n't a strong structure to the film . The tension and interest lies in the relationships between the characters.The eponymous Mr. Lawrence is played by Tom Conti , the only actual dramatic actor in the main cast - and even he was fairly inexperienced at the time of filming . Lieutenant Colonel John Lawrence is a British officer who can speak Japanese , due to time spent in Japan , which puts him in an interesting position in the camp . He 's the one soldier with a real chance at understanding his captors . His foil in the film is Sergeant Hara , played by Takeshi Kitano . This was his first dramatic role , and audiences only knew him as a comedian . But his comedic moments in the film highlight the monstrosity of Hara , who honestly ca n't understand any immorality in his actions.But the biggest stunt casting in Merry Christmas , Mr. Lawrence was pitting two rock stars against each other . David Bowie plays Major Jack Celliers and Ryuichi Sakamoto plays camp commandant Captain Yonoi . Both are limited actors , but used very well . Bowie has a presence that makes the captain 's instant fascination with him understandable and Sakamoto 's stiffness fits the reserved military man.I liked Merry Christmas , Mr. Lawrence , but it 's an odd film . It is extremely character driven , but the characters are often enigmatic . -LRB- When in doubt , assume someone is motivated by guilt or shame . -RRB- Yet , it works , and I think the film expresses the truth of what it sought to explore . Although there is very little graphic violence onscreen , it is a brutal film . The Japanese characters are obviously the villains , but there is sympathy for their point of view . And even Celliers , the rebellious soldier who performs the greatest heroic act in the movie , has done bad things.I recommend Merry Christmas , Mr. Lawrence , but must warn you not to expect Bridge Over the River Kwai or The Great Escape when you start watching .
 `` Mixed Blood '' is like a time capsule , showcasing a New York that simply does not exist anymore . Alphabet City has never looked so grimy and dangerous , and so strangely beautiful as it does in this film . Marilla Pera from the astounding film `` Pixote '' is mesmerizing as the `` den mother '' to a gang of young drug-dealing , murdering thugs , all of them under age , as they ca n't be sent to jail if they are caught . Her and her dumb but sexy son Thiago are the ringleaders of a major cocaine/heroin business run out in the open , in front of corrupt cops and countless strung-out junkies . `` Mixed Blood '' also features a collection of the most beautiful and exotic Latino actors ever seen in one film . Recommended for fans of the film `` Pixote , '' and other films about gangs and youth crime . and for those who spent time in NYC in the 80 's to early 90 's , this one will blow your mind ! There is even a shootout in the Menudo store , `` Menuditis ! '' And the little details of slum life that the director picks up on are amazing . Like the kids who sleep on the floor , with their pant legs tied up with rope to keep out the bedbugs ! The dvd is widescreen and the print looks terrific , especially compared to that washed out print from the old VHS . Excellent , low budget film , and startlingly realistic , especially compared to over-stylized fluff like the film `` Alphabet City '' with Vincent Spano . `` Mixed Blood '' is the real thing , a ghetto version of `` Scarface , '' only no one seems to get rich . On a side note , the film contains a surprisngly high level of violence , most of which looks very realistic , not to mention a very unflattering portrayal of foreigners making their living in New York , -LRB- in other words , this one is quite politically incorrect ! -RRB-
 Paul Morrissey managed to do what very few filmmakers ever have
 If you jog their memory a little , basically , everybody knows who Paul Morrissey is ; he 's the fellow who actually directed that legendary underground trilogy Andy Warhol always gets credit for
 Mixed Blood is one of my favorite films . I have it on VHS but wanted it on DVD also . We enjoy the performances .
 I do n't know what film noir means , but I think this is one . Anyway , this movie is a classic . It is an art film . To me , it falls in the category of sort of super-realistic or naturalistic films with protagonists who are not really good people in any accepted meaning of the phrase , like Sam Peckinpah 's films . It may not be as good as The Wild Bunch , but if you liked the Wild Bunch , you will like this movie , provided you can handle the hispanic , post-apocalyptic milieu . Another film that it is similar to is `` Sucker Punch '' . These are not films for everybody , but on the other hand if you are a fan of this type of tongue-in-cheek , over the top realism , you should n't miss this one . I hope at least Paul Morrissey knows what a good film he made .
 The script and Acting could have been better ... But since I worked on the film ... I gace it a 5 . Biased I know . I 'd give it a 1 to be honest
 Martin Sheen presents Excellent acting as he plays a Priest who loves movies . His Inspiration takes him to different levels of drama as he contemplates on opening a Cinema in an Irish village . However , he is confronted with struggle and challenges as he faces the opinion of the church and the townspeople . His sole purpose is to raise money for the church . This film portrays passion , emotion , and inspiration . Very Entertaining and Enjoyable from start to finish . Highly Recommended !
 Martin Sheen has landed a role that shows off his considerable talents in this small scale , sensitive and informed film from Tribeca . Based on a novel by Michael Doorley adapted for the screen by Antoine O. Flatharta and directed with sensitivity by Thaddeus O'Sullivan , the story takes place in Ireland of 1956 , and the film opens with an introduction to bringing electricity into a very small town whose people have done very well without the new-fangled things , thank you very much.The priest of the town is Fr . Daniel Barry -LRB- Martin Sheen -RRB- , a loving man who hears confessions , makes his rounds offering oils of last rites to please one elderly ill patient and caring for his flock in a very human manner , is a man of the World having the Church both in America and Rome , who has a passion for Cinema , Music and Language is left to languish in a rural community after being replaced in Rome by a younger priest with greater credentials for scholarship . The Parish Bishop -LRB- Tom Hickey -RRB- has decided his parish needs a new , modern , concrete church and he burdens the parish priests to raise the funds for the project . There is a politician in the town - Brendan -LRB- Stephen Rea -RRB- - who vies for power with Fr . Barry , seeking political clout to reign in the filthy temptations of the world from his followers . Fr . Barry , on the other hand , devises a method for raising funds -LRB- and catering to his love for picture shows -RRB- by building a cinema . He is supported by a new young schoolteacher Tim -LRB- Trystan Gravelle , a young Welsh actor of great potential -RRB- - Fr . Barry overrode Brendan , further alienating himself . Tim finds room and board with a local young mother Elaine -LRB- Amy Huberman -RRB- whose alcoholic abusive husband is off to London leaving their young son Joey -LRB- Joseph O'Sllivan -RRB- without the nurturing of a father . The tale pits the worldly priest against the power hungry fundamentalist politicians and the significant people of the story are at first injured and then find a manner of redemption . In the end the ` bringing of light ' to the little town in Tipperary via electricity and modern times merely reveals a path for conscientious folk to escape it all.The cast is very strong , the musical score by Nicholas Hooper , and the countryside of Ireland is gorgeous . This is a little film with a big message that flies like a lark in the sky . Try to catch it ! Grady Harp , June 12
 This is another of what are often called `` small films '' - often by independent production companies but , as in this case , produced under the auspices -LRB- and funding -RRB- of a national film board -LRB- of which there is none in the US -RRB- . `` Stella Days '' -LRB- the title refers to the name of the movie `` venue '' - THE STELLA - I wo n't call it a `` theater '' - that Martin Sheen , as a priest , wants to open in a small Irish village in 1956 . -RRB- was produced by the Irish National Film Board -LRB- with some participation from Norway , if I remember in the opening credits . -RRB- Much of the cast is Irish though the American stars are Martin Sheen and Stephen Rea . -RRB- . Sheen 's accent is not as strong as the others and some of this is excused by giving his character a plot device where he lived in the US for 18 years , thus softening it.I 'll defer to the other reviewers here to give you more of the plot - though I watched this DVD with no advance preparation or knowledge - except to think , from the packaging , that it would be similar to 1988 's `` Cinema Paradso '' -LRB- it is n't -RRB- . I enjoyed the film - as I like `` small films '' but thought it could have used some tighter editing -LRB- it still only runs 90 minutes -RRB- . The `` side story '' of electricity just coming to homes in Ireland as late as 1956 was interesting but only tangential to the plot . What really surprised me was how the filmmakers approached the `` money-tizing '' of the Catholic Church . `` Bigger churches are better '' , `` We need to raise building funds for a new church even though the old one is perfectly fine '' and how the church gets involved in politics . I 'm not a Catholic and wonder how a religious Catholic would view this angle which is prominent in the film.I 'm glad I saw it but would n't put high on my `` must see '' list.The DVdhas only one bonus
 Stella days tells the story of a priest of a small village that pushed to build a new church his town does NOT need , and instead starts work on a movie house he feels will bring the town together.Martin Sheen , once again , gives a wonderful performance as the priest . This film is just a sweet well written , well acted work . Try to see it if you can !
 The well-intentioned period drama `` Stella Days '' is a small and quiet movie that has relatively modest goals . So if you 're not expecting epic movie making on a grand scale , there are simpler pleasures to be had in this introspective film directed by Thaddeus O'Sullivan . The overall feel of `` Stella Days '' reminded me of the prestige days of Hallmark TV movies -LRB- back when every year 's entry was an Emmy contender -RRB- . It is simultaneously a character study of a rural priest in 1950 's Ireland -LRB- well played by Martin Sheen -RRB- and the exploration of a small town 's journey into more progressive times . As opposed to big plotting , however , the movie is content to allow its moments of drama to unfold at a fairly leisurely pace . As such , it really gives you a concrete feel of time and place -- and , ultimately , I think this is the element that most distinguishes the film.Sheen plays a priest who has been exiled into an economically disadvantaged village . As he dreams of his return to Rome , his superiors have alternate plans . They want his town to erect a new church despite their meager funds . So Sheen , at a crossroads of his faith , takes a decidedly secular approach to this ecclesiastical dilemma . He decides to open a local movie theater ! At best , this plan is eyed suspiciously -LRB- oh , the perils of modern depravity -RRB- and at worst , his very devotion and service is called into question by a local leader -LRB- Stephen Rea -RRB- . Amidst this central story thread , a progressive new teacher causes an uproar , an illicit love affair sends tongues wagging , and a young boy attempts to reconcile his place in the world . Sheen plays confessor and confidante to everyone embroiled in personal issues , but `` Stella Days '' is at its strongest when we see Sheen wrestle with his own doubts and insecurities.Sheen is , perhaps , the best reason to check out `` Stella Days '' especially if you 're a fan . Since `` The West Wing '' ended , we rarely see him step up into a starring role any more . He has such an easy charm , it 's almost impossible not to identify with the character he embodies here . In the end , some may judge this film to be too slight and I can understand their reasoning . Some of the townfolk are a bit underwritten and Rea is playing much bigger than anyone else in the movie . Had his character been a little more balanced -LRB- as opposed to the screenplay 's obvious object of scorn -RRB- , the film might have felt slightly more real . Still , though , I found the entire experience pleasant enough . I do n't know that I 'll remember the film a few months down the line , but I was happy enough to spend ninety minutes with Sheen and company . About 31/2 stars , I 'll round up for the grounded and empathetic leading performance . KGHarris , 1/13 .
 I expected a decent film , given that it starred Martin Sheen , but Stella Days is a period piece with more depth and story than I even imagined ! Having a priest wanting to buck the system back in the 1950s is unique , but Sheen pulls it off with a character that will have you rooting for his originality and constant frustration with the religious system . And Stephen Rea , as Sheen 's nemesis , is the guy you will love to hate . I highly recommend `` Stella Days '' to all adult audiences .
 I was lucky enough to see this film at the Dublin Film Festival and was really delighted . It 's a lovely , heart warming , character-driven film . A refreshing change from todays big blockbuster films which neglect the personal touches a well written script provides . The perfect film to watch curled up on your sofa on a Sunday night . I 'd thoroughly reccomend it !
 I thought that Martin Sheen did a superb job in this movie . I also liked the story . I really can not give you specifics , I just thought it was well done and I had an enjoyable time watching it .
 My wife and I really enjoyed this movie . If you are Irish it really rings a bell . We loved it .
 Thanks for the quick delivery time your company has always given fast service . I thought the this movie was better then &#34; Pushing Tin &#34;
 A reality check , shows the tension and intencity that controllers go through every day . This is what can happen on any given day.Well worth the view
 I 've had this DVD for some time now and recently watched this fine movie on cable and was surprised to see additional footage not on the original disc . Much like the movie Gettysburg , even though I had the DVD version , I kept seeing scenes not on the original movie when it was played on TNT and other cable channels . I kept asking the studio about it and later Gettysburg was re-released in Blu Ray with the additional scenes added-this despite the studios assurance the original DVD contained the `` full and complete presentation '' . It is hopeful this DVD will come out on Blu-Ray with the additional footage added to make the plot more understanding and enjoyable . With all the terrible movies done about Air Traffic Control this was a refreshing change and a great picture .
 This movie is a great entertaining drama , . or intended so , . But trust me , in reality things Wo n't happened that way in an aircraft , . I know , I have flight attendant training , . but nevertheless this movie is real good , Sutherland plays this air traffic controller hunted by incidents of the past , the tension at the control tower is quite convincing , . if you are into disaster movies , this one is quite there , . I would add it to my collection .
 My husband was just going in to Air Traffic Control when I bought this for him and he was already a pilot , so the movie held a lot of interest for him and the portrayal of things was realistic , according to him , except for the situation itself probably would n't happen . I do n't know anything about planes , but I found the storyline captivating . If you are in ATC or you 've watched it and loved it , it may be a fun movie to own , but if you are just wanting to watch it for the first time and have no special interest , I would just rent it .
 Yup ! just bought it for a chance to see some other Kiefer Sutherland movie . He does hold the movie together.And I am always interested in Michael Gross -LSB- from Tremors -RSB- He did play an excellent by the book nerd.And who could pass up the scene where Winkler pull the goose -LSB- or was it a duck -LSB- :--RRB- -RSB- out.I generally have no use for the ultimate head-boss who makes decisions without being aware of the chaos they generate.Then there was Leonard , mister know it all.Yet they all worked together to make a movie of entertainment - even if the actual facts were blurred as to true life.You had to feel the same sorrow that the emotionally wounded Jack Harris felt at the lose of the hundred and some souls.Humanity is what it is all about . Not numbers.Can a plane actually be landed that way ? This DVD was well worth the price . Do n't let others color what your opinion is of what you enjoy . Just see for yourself.Definitely Recommend . For Sutherland alone .
 I 'm not a ground controller , so I wo n't even try to analyze the technical aspects of this movie . I fully admit that I purchased `` Ground Control '' mainly because Kiefer Sutherland is the star and I love his acting . Even in movies that are n't the `` best '' , Kiefer always delivers a fine performance , and `` Ground Control '' is no exception . I could list some negatives about the movie , such as the inclusion of Kristy Swanson in the cast . This woman adds nothing to the plot and is n't the least bit convincing , except when it becomes obvious that she has her eye on Jack -LRB- Kiefer -RRB- and follows him around , even during what should be private moments for him . Nothing personal against Kristy , but most of her contribution could have ended up on the cutting room floor and it would have been no loss . Kiefer Sutherland , however , proves again what a versatile actor he is as the tormented Jack Harris , a top notch ground controller , who years later , still feels responsible for a crash that was not his fault . Now , as a favor to his friend , Jack comes to lend a hand at Phoenix ground control , and soon finds himself in an all too familiar situation . This movie would fall apart if Kiefer Sutherland had not been in the role of Jack Harris . This is Kiefer 's movie all the way , and every facial expression and word and action is totally Kiefer . He had me thoroughly convinced of what Jack Harris had gone through , and was still going through . I actually learned a lot from this movie . I learned that being a ground controller is NOT a cushy job , and the controllers who keep thousands of planes safe every day are more often than not overworked and in danger of burnout ... but they keep going . I know I could n't be that dedicated ... this is not a job I could handle . I give `` Ground Control '' high marks . Sure , it may not fit the definition of `` award winning '' , but Kiefer Sutherland plows through the weaknesses of the film and he simply makes it work !
 True , there are n't many . But among the few , Ground Control ranks as one of the best . Yes , it has little action , stunts or FX , but that is not the movie 's point . It is the story of one controller as he tries to get back into controlling after an accident five years ago . The acting and technical correctness is superb , the director has done a good job in guiding his people and the camera . You want a movie with sex , violence and a complicated story ? Then this one is not for you . You want a smart , fun movie that is up-to-date and about an unusual subject ? You got it . Ground Control is your deal . A bit slow some people say ? Only if you are into the wham-bam action flicks and not intellectual challenging one 's . Alec over and out ...
 I found this movie very interesting . Perhaps I should to tell you that I am working as a flight attendant and often wondered about the work of flight controllers . Especially when you get notice that you have to go into holding for a time or if you experience a serious case of bad weather ... Well , this movie is not packed with violence and big adventure that 's for sure but neverless it 's real good . If you like the atmosphere of the airport and flying as such then this movie is for you . It 's the story about one flight controller who was involved in an accident and tries to get back to this kind of work after five years in a particularly busy time . I hope you enjoy this movie and that you 'll learn to appreciate the flight controllers as much as I did .
 depicted a good view of the stress that air traffic controllers are under every day . guess it makes you appreciate them every time you get on a plane to fly somewhere .
 Not the action packed thriller , but a great character study into the life of an air traffic controller , after having lost a plane due to no fault of his own . Jack Harris , is called back to duty after 5 years , when an old friend needs help . Can he pull the job off?I found this film to start off ok , then move into slow gear for awhile while giving the viewer an idea about what Jack Harris is thinking and going through . The whole , I want to be doing this , but having the fate of hundreds of people on your shoulders holding you down . Then the film drags you for a climatic , finale .
 I am an air traffic controller and this movie is a comedy to me . It is so far removed from reality it is absolutely hysterical . This movie makes `` Pushing Tin '' look like a documentary . I think airline pilots will also be highly entertained by the flight sequences ... especially where the airplane transforms into at least 3 different types during the flight . The only thing in the movie that is realistic is the different ways controllers handle stress . The rest of the stuff ... equipment , procedures , phraseology is total fantasy . People in the aviation industry will love it as a comedy , while people not in the know seem to enjoy it as a drama .
 This is one of Kiefer Sutherland 's older films but is still a good movie.A good film to watch with good character development and action.For those of you who like watching older movies , and Kiefer Sutherland , this would be a good movie to watch .
 I bought this for my grand kids to watch since they love dinosaurs . It was very well done and I enjoyed watching it with them .
 great - anyone that likes dinosaurs would love this . my 8 year old does . he watches it all the time . thanks
 This product was everything I expected it to be . I am very content with my purchase . Walking with the dinosaurs !
 My students were studying the Mesozoic era and they really enjoyed `` New Blood '' . The film is intelligent , informative and the animation is intriguing enough to keep the interest of a 7th grader . The cannibal scene might be a bit much , but I will show this film again .
 I love this documentary ! I remembered watching it years ago , hunted it down and bought it here on Amazon . Well worth the price . Entertaining and told like a real nature show and follows usually a group of dinosaurs . The dinosaurs look great , much better than newer documentaries even .
 A super treat for dino fans of any age . The ` making of ' bonus dvd is fantastic . A really great purchase .
 Seeing as how old this is , I was somewhat skeptical on the quality . I 'm a fan of discovery and national geographic Dino documentaries and seeing past efforts by bbc on other features , which turned out to be rather boring and drawn out . The bbc unexpectedly surprised me using nice real footage with very surprising graphics , considering the day , to bring to life these magnificent beasts of old . Accompanied by fascinating and large quantities of facts makes this a must own for dino enthusiasts or children learning what our world once looked like through the ages in which the dinosaur ruled ... They do not spend any amount of time dissecting them as other documentaries do , instead no fossils or x-rays . . Just instinct and showing you how they lived day to day . . This would be very nice for kids wanting to learn about dinosaurs without you parents having to worry about all the gore and ferocity of todays CGI
 This was bought for my granddaughter who is having lots of fun with it while learning about dinosaurs , which fascinate her , also .
 I grew up with a deep love of Dinosaurs . I always loved the whole Jurassic Park series as well as Land Before Time . But Walking With Dinosaurs has to be one of my favorites . Like Jurassic Park , the anamatronics were amazing . Most of the time in movies involving anamatronics and cgi theres generally a mess up where the puppet looks more realistic than the cgi , but not in this case . I prefer Walking With Dinosaurs to any half plotted cgi movies . The plot is amazing and while I would prefer not to see cute little dinos hurt and killed , its part of the cycle back then and if you want to take the full ` tour ' then thats part of it . I might not recommend it to really little children , unless they 're ready to see it . But I grew up with it and I 'm still in love with it . I highly recommend it to anyone who loves dinosaurs .
 My 5 year old LOVES this and asks to watch all of the time ! Very educational and informative . great buy !
 Very nice and fun to watch . My son is 4 and very into dinos . I bought this because he loves Dinosaur Planet series which is very similar to this . EXCEPT , the very first section on this has a family of dinos who eat their babies to protect them from predators . I know , I know , this is n't made for LITTLE kids . But other reviews talked about their young kids loving it , so I thought it was n't so dark . Besides the first section , it 's fine . Just do n't think it 's ok for a 4 year to watch a mom eat her kids .
 I 've always been a dinosaur fan . This is a well-presented documentary based on the most accurate info available at the time it was made .
 Too often , we are bombarded with movies , mini-series , and documentaries that make us ashamed to call ourselves human beings . Too often , we endure human activities and values that perversely champion hostility , stupidity , physical/moral decay , and hopelessness . However , every once in a while , we witness a production whose ambition , scope , execution , and knowledge reminds and reassures us that human beings , when they exert themselves , can achieve near-miraculous things . `` Walking with Dinosaurs '' is certainly one of these stunning achievements.If you have n't treated yourself to this mind-boggling tour-de-force , I exhort you to do so without delay . With painstaking , exquisitely rendered CGI and animatronic wizardry , the BBC resurrects the most awe-inspiring , pivotal , senses-staggering menagerie of long-extinct creatures the earth will probably ever witness . I will not go into obsessive detail about the creatures , their environment , and their lifestyles . I will say that the DVD contains six 30-minute episodes generally focusing upon a representative creature from the Jurassic era through the Cretaceous era . I will also say that not all the creatures are strictly dinosaurs . For example , you will witness a 3-foot mammal-like reptile called a cynodont -LRB- `` dog tooth '' -RRB- who co-existed in the Triassic with Coelophysis -LRB- `` hollow form '' -RRB- , a skinny , bipedal precursor to the dinosaurs . Also , you will witness the poignant final flight of an aging pterosaur , Ornithocheirus -LRB- `` bird hand '' -RRB- with a nearly 40-foot wingspread . And as for ultimate marine monsters , the pliosaur Liopleurodon -LRB- `` flat-sided tooth '' -RRB- would give even T-Rex the willies.I feel a humble gratitude to the legion of artists , cameramen , paleontologists , directors , actors , and cinematographers for enduring all sorts of adversity to bring us this precious gem of a documentary , to attempt to show us how these magnificent beasts lived , fought , mated , and sadly expired . More impressively , the BBC crew managed to convey the grandeur of these beasts without resorting to cheap melodrama or gratuitous violence . Despite their often fearsome appearance , the `` Walking with Dinosaurs '' beasts are not monsters , but creatures who simply do what they must to survive . Even the narrator , Kenneth Branaugh , employs modulated , matter-of-fact tones to describe the proceedings . I have seen this pseudo-documentary numerous times , and will continue to do so in the future . To the members of this BBC production , I will simply say this - thank you for preserving my sometimes-faltering faith in mankind and its ultimately glorious achievements . * The title of this review is a paraphrase of the H.G. Wells quote
 This is a fantatsic series . The dinosaurs look real , the narrative is educational and interesting , and the length is perfect for children . From 2 years old and beyond , give this one a try . -LRB- do n't miss the allosaurus special which comes in a different amazon instant video entry . -RRB-
 My two-year old grandson is discovering dinosaurs and this is perfect for him . We have a great time watching any episode . Nothing is frightening for a child or to graphic for them . At the same time , this is an enjoyable show for an adult . The result is something that we can watch over and over . This is where the 180-minute first disc is so useful , it allows for a couple of days to elapse until we see the episode again . The second disc is a making of that is for adults . I bought this and Walking with Prehistoric Beast instead of the complete collection set . My grandson wants to watch the dinosaurs .
 My just-turned-six dinosaur-loving grandson has named this his all-time favorite movie which is why I bought it . He will be watching it over and over he says.I watched some of it and it is very good - moves fast and holds your attention . Good service , as always , from Amazon .
 Thoroughly enjoyed this documentary as well as others in the series . The animation in these look so real you really feel like the animals are actually alive . I would caution that these programs are rather violent for young children . A good alternative would be the Prehistoric Planet set which is the same footage as Walking with Dinosuars , but reworked for children .
 My husband is currently a Geology majoy studying to become a paleontoloigst . I bought him this DVD for Christmas , and he is now obssessed with it ! It 's set up like a documentary , with very good animation . I recommend it only for big dinosaur nerds -LRB- or fans , if you prefer -RRB- , I ca n't sit throught the whole thing . : -RRB-
 A lifelong dinosaur fan , I loved `` Walking with Dinosaurs '' from the moment it first came out . Watched it avidly every time it aired on cable . What 's impressive is that years later and many watchings later , the illusions created by animatronics and puppetry seem as real and living as they were when I first saw these familiar animal stories.The BBC went all out on the Walking With series , and realism is achieved in this fantastic set . The collection I bought includes Ballad of Big Al and Walking with Monsters , it 's the Ultimate Dinosaur Collection and has much added material on the DVDs . More footage than airs when you watch it on cable got in.I do n't often buy DVDs , but I had to have this and it 's as great after multiple watchings as it was the first thrilling time I saw it come up . There is a touring Walking with Dinosaurs show going worldwide now , live audiences can see the animatronic dinosaurs in person and get an impression of their scale , which I think is cool and I 'm hoping to get to see it when it comes near my area in a couple of years.One of the best things the BBC ever produced , and the quality holds true through all the Walking With documentaries .
 My kids -LRB- and husband . . -RRB- have watched more times than i wish to track . This is a great series though for my 4 year old , it 's a bit to aggressive in a few scenes . Overall , 5 star !!!
 ` Walking With Dinosaurs ' is the excellent 6 part documentary produced by the BBC that explores life as it may have been at the time of the Dinosaurs . This uses the same technology as was created for the making of the film ` Jurassic Park ' and although this utilises a lot of CGI and animatronic techniques this feels very much like a natural history series , but with Dinosaurs as the stars of the show . The only thing missing was David Attenborough narrating , but this job is ably carried out by Kenneth Branagh . The series looks at early Dinosaurs , the titans and huge Dinosaurs , sea based Dinosaurs , Flying Dinosaurs , Ice dwelling Dinosaurs and the large raptors and eventual demise of the species ` . This has some good extras , with screen-in-screen features during the series and a second disc with a making of documentary . This manages to feel very real and as I mentioned , like a natural history film and by the end you almost feel as if you are watching actual animals that still exist to be filmed and studied . The series offers a fascinating insight into Dinosaurs , their development and evolution , diet , mating , migration and what is believed to be some of their behaviour . All in all this is a captivating series that can be enjoyed again and again.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
 My entire family loves this movie . It is so realistic is like watching a documentary about Lions or something like that . Whenever we are in the car this is the movie my kid wants . I bought it over a month ago and it is still his favorite movie . I ca n't say enough about it . If your kids are into dinosaurs this is the movie to have . It is very realistic and some scenes may trouble you , my son was fine with it since there are no gory scenes . A great buy .
 I have 2 dino lovers , so this movie is great , full of good learning info .
 This series is truly remarkable , interesting and excellent.The visual effects are quite dazzling , and the story factual , thorough and unforgettable.The Tyrannosaurus is the last chapter , and very interesting and enlightening.The sea monsters are in an earlier chapter , with each chapter being a world in itself , since there are sometimes a million years spanning between them . Absolutely essential for any intelligent school student that loves science .
 I bought this for my son for his birthday . I replaced his old VHS with the DVD version . We have both watched this over 50 times and love it .
 I bought this DVD just in case I wasnt able to get tickets to the showing of Walking with Dinosaurs that will be in Biloxi , MS on the l5th of January . My grandson is fansinated with dinosaurs . It is a great movie .
 excellent dvd ! We had this in our collection years ago on vhs . It 's so much better in digital format . This is one of the best productions BBC has ever done . The dinosaurs are realistic looking , the landscape is fantastic . Hours of entertainment . If you 're a dinosaur fanatic this is a must have . You learn the life , eating habits , time periods , interaction of many different species of dinosaurs during the periods in which they lived .
 My 4 year old loves this DVD as well as my teenage nieces and nephews and my father . Very interesting and life like
 MY HUSBAND & I LIKED HOW REAL LOOKING IT WAS , WE JUST DO N'T WATCH DISC 1 WHEN THE KIDS ARE AROUND , MAYBE IN A YEAR OR TWO IT WILL BE OK !
 `` Walking With Dinosaurs '' is a very well done account of the prehistoric beasts which have seared themselves into the American -LRB- and I assume the world 's -RRB- cultural conscience . The computer animation is generally very good and the stories unfold like a well told nature documentary . Areas covered go from the rise of dinosaurs to their final years in the late Cretacious -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- . Allosaurs and T-rex are amongst those shown . Some other creatures range from small mammals to the massive marine predator Liploradon -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- to giant amphibians in Antartica . There is of course some gore involving predation so younger children may not want to watch it . Anyway , on the whole , a very interesting documentary .
 very good product , very educational , my nephew love it , now I will have to getsome more titules , fast shiping .
 the dvd came quickly and was shipped right away . the case and dvd were in excellent quality . thanks !
 The dvd was great . It was just what i was looking for and so easy to order .
 This series is brilliant . The special effects are truly impressive , the style -LRB- made like a fake nature documentary , as if the filmmakers are just observing the dinosaurs in the wilds -RRB- is clever , and it 's all just fascinating . Some of it is quite graphic with dinosaurs battling each other , eating each other and dying off in lots of different ways , so I was worried that my almost-four-year-old was n't ready for it . But he 's started to ask questions about dying and animals eating each other and this has actually been a nice segueway into those discussions . We 've especially enjoyed the `` making of '' featurette - lots of information there well beyond how they acheived the special effects .
 This is a classic -- we checked it out a million times from the libary before finally buying it ouselves . There are six episodes and each one examines the lifestyle of a particular type of dinosaurs from one major group -LRB- flying , swimming , adapted for cold climates , predators , early dinosaurs , and the big ones with long necks -RRB- . My son is a dino-maniac and pulls this out & watches it again every few weeks , absolutely loves it and it 's EDUCATIONAL !! How often does that happen ?
 Walking with Dinosaurs is a fast paced and never feel like you 're going to fall asleep because you 're bored series ! It follows at least 4 different dinosaurus raning from the tiny cute little Liannaosaura -LCB- Spelling ? -RCB- to the swift frightening Utah Raptor to even the gigantic Tyrannosarus . I bought this when I was 8 and I 'm 15 and I still love it ! There is no crappy animation , you really feel like your walking with the dinosaurs , as the title suggests . I would highly recommend this series to any fan of dinosaurs or a fan of entertainment .
 If you 're looking for a visual , all-encompassing , overall understanding of the world of dinosaurs , then look no further , as you 've just found one such a document . This video covers the whole era of the `` mighty lizards '' with a timeline spanning over hundreds of millions of years , from the Triassic up until 60 millions years ago with the sudden and massive extinction of this world of giant . It is amazingly punching , with very well rendered CGI scenes , both on the ground , under the sea and in the air . This documentary is both educative and entertaining . The Allosaurus , Tyrannosaurus , Diplodocus , Plesiosaur , Ichthyosaur , -LRB- etc. -RRB- will have no more secrets once you finish viewing the DVD.Major preys and predators of each era is covered graphically . Sequences are linked with one another in chronological order . Explanatory comments are clear , to the fact , based on scientific facts rather than on extrapolations , and are provided throughout the documentary to help understand the physical evolution of the flora and fauna of the world . Rationales , although sometimes tentative , are given about the reason why some species became extinct at times . Also , a special focus is given on the emergence of a very small , second tiers species , somewhat out of place is a world of `` giant lizards ''
 This is an excellent video into the life and times of the world of Dinosaurs.The animation is remarkable and they appear to be very real on the screen .
 After seeing the travelling show , our grandsons loved having the DVD to learn more about the dinosaurs . Our seven year old , was entranced and watched the whole DVD in one sitting .
 This is one of the bet BBC movies they had ever made . The graphics are amazing and its like you are in the movie yourself . This a great product and I would recommened it to any dinosaur lover out there .
 I bought this for my seven year old grandson who is a dinosaur addict . He was captivated and I ended up watching as well . I was amazed at the quality and have since ordered a couple of other DVD 's from this BBC series . Very enjoyable and something we will watch over and over .
 The first of the ` Walking With . . ' videos . There are a few rough edges , but overall it 's an outstanding production . I use it to teach students about ecological interactions , pointing out that while the relationships in the video are purely speculative , the behaviors have all been observed with contemporary animals . It is enjoyable and a great icebreaker for dinosaur-mad kids .
 If you have children with an interest -LRB- or potential interest -RRB- in dinosaurs , buy this DVD set now!I bought this DVD set several years ago as an afterthought and promptly forgot to take it out of the shrink wrap . Two months ago I ran across it and decided that my children might be interested in watching it . It quickly became their favorite DVD and now our house is full of dinosaurs . On any given day , the plant eating dinosaurs are eating the leaves of the bushes and trees around our house . The meat eaters are in combat with the plant eaters . All of the dinosaurs are watching after their babies.In addition to my children , both my wife and myself found the series to be fascinating . The only drawback to the series for younger viewers is the violence . The series did tone it down to the bare minimum.In conclusion , I high recommend this DVD series to any dinosaur fan -LRB- or potential fan -RRB- . If you are a parent and would like to block all violence from your child , this series is probably a little too violent . In that case perhaps a book like `` Dinosaur Bones '' by Bob Banner might be a better choice -LRB- my children love watching the scholastic video version of that book -RRB- .
 Taken from the Louis L'Amour 1957 novel , Last Stand At Papago Wells , this movie script is a western centered upon a small cavalry troop and a few civilians trying to hold out against odds of continual Apache attacks at a remote water hole . This life giving well is situated in the remote , sun-blasted and forbidding desert land.The Arizona desert could easily kill a man , this Logan Cates knew well . He also knew the protection that this water well in the desert could offer . It was protected by rocks , a natural fort of sorts , and supplied with a few day 's water . All the travelers were headed for Yuma and Cates knew full well that the water was all that could guarantee any chance of their hope to get there . If they could only outlast the seiges from the Apaches.Maybe the storm Logan Cates hoped for , a sand storm in the offering , could aid in their escape and survival to Yuma.Another interesting , psychological , and formulaic western with Rory Calhoun well worth watching .
 This is an excellent western to watch plenty of action Rory Calhoun is a excellent actorgood acting played the other cast in this movie would definetly recommend .
 I dont agree with the reviewer who says the show wears thin after awhile . Ive watched each show about 3-5 times a piece and I cant get enough of the show , its a very funny and probably one of the best cartoons on tv today . I dont know how ratings are doing for the show but if they release them via dvd , i 'll keep on buying them . Xandir and Tim , Sitting in a Tree is my favorite of the season but all the shows are funny . The more you watch , the more you pick up the little stuff you might have missed . Highly recommend this show to anyone who enjoys adult cartoons , its much better then South Park .
 I liked this product . I am a big fan of Drawn together and this is the best season so far . The extra features are cool and I ca n't wait until the next season comes out .
 Apparently I 'm one of the few who really thinks Drawn Together is a fantastic animated show . The animation is really good overall , second only to the Simpsons . Very bright , colorful animation that makes everything look very nice . A wide variety of creative characters each with their own special personality and goofy problems . Solid storytelling that makes the characters more interesting , and a very wild adult sense of humor that has * so * much creativity you can barely keep up with the constant jumping around . Imagine a more violent Simpsons or Futurama with the pacing in hyper mode . That 's basically what Drawn Together is all about .
 The product arrived promptly as stated by Amazon . Drawn Together is very funny . Not for the faint hearted . If you like your humour crude and full frontal this is the season dvd for you . I loved it , very funny .
 I received product very promptly and before my Hubby 's birthday he was very surprised . We have been looking for this item for awhile and I am glad once again Amazon was able to come thru .
 The funniest show on the planet ! The most creative , offensive show ever . If you want your sides to hurt from laughing , get this DVD now ! `` Foxy vs. The Board of Education '' is a classic ! `` I 's got to get my mystery science license ! ''
 If you enjoyed the first season of Drawn Together , you 'll certainly want to add the second season to your video library.My favorite episode is `` Super Nanny '' , when Ling Ling is trying to get his drivers license . That is FUNNY stuff !! If you were n't a fan of the first season , you wo n't like the second season -LRB- and why are you even reading these reviews ?! -RRB- . I personally ca n't wait to pick up my copy , and I 'm looking forward to season three .
 If you love the vulgar humor and cliches then buy all the seasons sucks they took them off air guess suits couldnt handle it .
 This one takes Season one and ramps it up . The jokes are dirtier , funnier and not getting stale at all . 12 year old and a donkey jokes makes a comeback and I loved the series .
 If you like politically incorrect humor and no holds barred slights then this is the toon for you.They went a little too gay this season but not totally outside of the realm for the characters .
 Perfect . Prompt service . Painless . Product was exactly as described , given as a gift and receipient was thoroughly pleased . Thank you
 Im not sure why Drawn Together was cancelled but it needs to be back on tv and stay on tv forever cuz this show is funny and awesome . As a fan of Drawn Together this show is amazing and for anyone who has not herd of this show needs to look it up . Drawn Together is an amazing show and i support Drawn Together forever !
 Drawn Together is for MATURE ADULT audiences ONLY !!! Full frontal nudity , male and female , adult situations , sexual scenes , language , extreme violence , etc. . I Love Drawn Together , it is hilarious , but we only watch it at night when the kids are in bed . They ca n't see or hear any of it ! But we are fans !!!!!!!
 Very adult humor , cutting in sarcasm and dry take on reality shows in the least .
 I have n't laughed this hard and at the same time been totally offended , I love this series , I have the first 3 seasons
 Fans of the previous season of Drawn Together will both be overjoyed to see this DVD set & a little disappointed . Those who are n't into extremely crude humor wo n't be as entertained , though.This season picks up with the previous 's cliffhanger of the plane crash , then quickly tries to top the previous season . It pokes fun at the shows & characters that it 's based on as well as making jabs at it 's critics . The DVD set is uncensored , which is nice but some of the jokes lose a bit of their punch . Half of the fun of watching it on TV is that things are blurred & curse words are bleeped . Even so , fans of this series will be glad to own this set . Anyone else ? Better off renting it .
 This is a cartoon series pitting eight cartoon stereotypes in a pseudo reality TV environment.I have watched all three seasons -LRB- only three are on DVD -RRB- , and this one is the funniest overall . All three are worth a watch , this one is best . The average price of this box set , here on Amazon , makes it an affordable laugh.While it is possible to start watching with any season of this show , I almost always recommend starting with season one ; not too much sequential story line.This is parody/satirical humor . This type of humor is not for everyone . The smarter you are the more jokes you will understand ; some jokes are subtle .
 Yeah drawn together is great when it comes to the crude humor . The first season was hilarious but sometimes i found the second season lacking . But it still was a great season . A definite buy is you 're a fan of crude humor and hilarious cartoons .
 People who like cartoons must be thankful for DVDs , because that technology opened up the floodgates for fans for every kind of animation . Whether you like classic Looney Tunes , hippy-dippy sci-fi parables or Asian tentacle porn , it 's all there for you to find and enjoy . It 's only been in the last 20 years or so , however , that American TV networks have clued into the idea that many adults like cartoons that have content specifically aimed at adults , even though some cartoons did well in prime-time even fifty years ago or so . Now , with DVD , you can not only watch entire seasons at a shot , you can also see the shows in their unadulterated glory.Which brings us to the Comedy Central series Drawn Together . I 've been a fan of this show for a while , partly because of the writing and partly because of the cheerful way in which it steamrolls political correctness and good taste . If South Park is the Mount Everest of crude , crass animation , then Drawn Together is K2 ; it does n't stand as tall , but it 's a tougher climb . The truth of this was brought home upon watching the second season of the show on DVD . Much to my surprise , watching the DVD turned out to be a different experience than watching it in first run.Part of this is due to one of the DVD set 's selling points
 Just like the last season , this one gives you hours of laughter and tears.Uncensored and brutal , the Drawn Together gang will once again in the most twisted way show you how hard life on a reality show can be.With more episodes , more racist humor and even more stoned producers , this season will without a doubt be even more entertaining than the first one.If you liked the first season this is a must ! If you did n't like the first season , well then go back to watching The Simpsons and miss out on this fantastic DVD.All my five are belong to this !
 more great laughs picking up where the 1st season left off . 3 seasons . collect the whole set , its worth it . go captain hero !
 Drawn together is great . I love the jokes , the puns , the straight up silliness . The only thing is I think it 's missing a scene in one episode on the DVD . Other than that it 's great .
 The fans of Drawn Together have waited so long for this DVD to come out and let me tell you it 's was well worth the wait!In this uncut and uncensored DVD we get to see something that I had waited for since the show began we get to hear Xandir sing , however he does n't sing very long and sounds like a cat being killed , plus we see him in the nude.I absolutely love the commentary and deleted scenes along with the cast interviews they were such a crack up!It 's fun to see the cartoons we grew up with be parodied in this sick but funny as hell adult cartoon !
 What more can one say about Drawn Together ?! The show is self-explanatory ! And season 2 is just the perfect embodiement of this . DT has no respect for anything , except for the length of an episode -LRB- the 30mns format - but that 's just the rule for any tv show out there , 30 mns , commercials included , or an hour , but cartoons are always using the first format -RRB- . And this is really the only thing DT obeys . For the rest ... Anything 's game -LRB- which means laughing material -RRB- for this show . They 'll stop at nothing on the road to destroying all taboos ! And that 's how this satiric animated show found itself a place in a rather crowded category -LRB- by quality even more than by quantity -RRB- , where The Simpsons , South Park and Family Guy reign . But DT pushes the limit even further , nesting in that dirty area where even the other three wo n't go.The only limit to that strategy is that DT is burning the candle by the two ends , and had n't the show been cancelled at the end of the third season , they 'd probably have run out of taboos to break , anyway , after 4 to 5 years.But let 's salute the effort and appreciate the freedom of speech of the show , even if half of this liberty 's wasted on filthy , disgusting , low-level jokes . The other half is just worth the buy !
 Finally , this is out ! The first season came out a few years ago and the long awaited season 2 finally gets a dvd release . Well this is a great show -LRB- although not for youngsters -RRB- and the laughs just keep on coming . The special features are kind of lacking , only given some commentaries and of course a karaoke sing along . There are 15 uncensored episodes , including the episode `` Terms of Endearment '' which was not included in the first season dvd due to legal problems . Anyways , a funny show filled with potty humor , not nessesarily smart or witty , but fun nonetheless . Get it before they take it off the shelfs !
 I always live this show because they do an day the crazyist things in shows its very funny to me
 I already had seasons 1 and 3 so I 'm pretty happy that I finally got season 2 . If you have n't seen the show before , it 's insanely offensive and hilarious . So you have been warned . Enjoy !
 Alila is an outstandingly crafted film from start to finish - the cinematography , the music , the script , the acting - and is paced extremely well . Although I must say I prefer Kadosh for its themes and beauty , I consider Alila to be Gitai 's most well-crafted film . The characters are all extremely interesting , Ronit Elkabetz is fantastic in her -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- rather minor role , and Gitai is able to address a wide spectrum of issues in Israeli society while nevertheless letting the characters and their personal stories dominate the film . Excellent .
 In typical Coliandro fashion , the bumbling cop becomes romantically involved with a murdered person 's sister who does n't like cops . In his charming way , he swoons her to his side in a romantic laison , solves the crime to everyone 's surprise , including his , and gets invited to Sunday dinner to meet `` la familia . '' Another well-done Coliandro mystery . Bravo !
 This flick is pretty entertaining for something that looks like it was shot on the cheap . I laughed . I squirmed . I lost faith in human beings . If you like dark films with a strong anti-hero , give this guilty pleasure a whirl .
 The City may sound like any other violent , low-budget , action flick trying to live up to Scorsese or Tarantino . But a clever premise laced with smart subtext and wicked humor makes this a film worth seeing . `` I 'd like people to walk away questioning what it is by their nature that makes them entertained by certain aspects of media , '' writer/director James Vogel says . `` Why do we as an audience expect to see violence and sex in films , and why are we entertained by it ? `` Vogel , and his co-writers and stars , Ezra Stead and Greg Hernandez , clearly put a lot of thought into the meaning behind the film 's graphic images . Their story tells of a screenwriting student who falls in love with a charismatic underworld figure while seeking experience to inform his scripts . The relationship between characters Scott and T.K. , who get off on the violent acts they commit , is ripe with barely concealed undertones . `` There exists this kind of tension in gangster films , a homosexual subtext , '' Vogel says . `` Characters who revel in violence are somewhat fascinated with each other . `` Stead also points to the relationship between sex and violence . `` Wanting to kill someone for the experience is like trying to lose your virginity , '' he says.Vogel and Stead met as students at Minneapolis Community and Technical College . Vogel asked Stead to help him write the script and star in the film , and Stead suggested his friend Hernandez for the role of T.K. . They shot the film in 16 days for a budget of $ 8,000 . Though pleased with their finished product , the filmmakers are also eager to hear negative responses . `` It 's a very personalized experience and a polarized reaction , and that 's what interests me , '' Vogel says . Stead agrees . `` We 'd rather someone hate our film than just brush it off and forget about it , '' he adds .
 The first time I saw James Vogel 's The City , I have to admit , I enjoyed it . So , why do another review of the same movie ... well , because , it 's not really the same movie . Vogel has reedited his movie and added some scenes and taken away others to make this great indie movie even better.The story remains basically the same , Scott is a frustrated screenwriter who needs to have some ` darker ' experiences to flesh out his current work . He meets T.K. who 's filled with ` dark ' and is more than willing to share . The two soon find themselves fast friends and are up to no good ! I wo n't go into much further detail.Well , in this ` director 's cut ' , the action remains largely the same , but pared down quite a bit . The action feels tighter that story moves faster and Vogel adds an ending that will make your skin absolutely crawl !
 Do n't expect allot of action in this movie . In fact the movie seems very quiet and peaceful . So quiet at times , that you may find yourself turning up the volume . The story line is set mainly as a romance.The Story of Grey Owl is quite good . I wish not to give away any details , but I found the movie much better the second time I watched - when I knew Grey Owl 's secret . I gave the movie 3 or 4 stars the first time I viewed it , and 4 to 5 stars the second time and after.Grey Owl was a man who lived out his dream no matter how odd others would have found it -LRB- though few knew the real Grey Owl -RRB- . The movie seems to encourage others to live their dreams.The acting is great -LRB- again do n't expect high action and suspense -RRB- , and the scenery is grand.If you like movies about the wilderness or Native Peoples and were not really impressed by this movie the first time you watched , try a second viewing . The movie is filled with details you may miss the first time.The only drawback I thought is the historical accuracy of the movie , and the short span of Grey Owls life that was covered .
 My husband and I both love this somewhat romanticized version of Grey Owl and his beautiful wife Anahareo . Contrary to other opinions contained herein , we felt Annie Galipeau gave an excellent performance . She did receive a best actress award for her role . Ignore the naysayers . See the movie . Then find and read the books .
 I loved this movie . Being a huge Brosnan fan AND being fascinated with Canada 's vast wilderness most likely accounts for this . Ms. Galipeau carries this film ; she is the vehicle by which we see into Grey Owl 's charater , WHEN we see into his character . However , as much as I admire Mr. Brosnan as an actor , he really falls short here . He does n't seem like an Indian , not a real one anyway . More like a movie Indian from the forties . The real Grey Owl was british but he had alot of people believing he was native . It seems that Mr. Brosnan would fit this role but it just does n't work . At times he has the Canadian accent , sort of . But most of the time , especially in more `` hurried '' dialogue , he sounds like James Bond in buckskins . I am not trying to be mean , but this is hard to ignore and really detracts from this beautiful story , the telling of which was long overdue . The breathtaking scenery and music threading through was touching . I would love to have been able to see this movie on the big screen . Also , I would have liked to know more of the story ; it left me wanting more . But then , movies I enjoy usually do .
 It is , indeed , shameful that the production of this most important motion picture , directed by Richard Attenborough and wonderfully produced in every way , apparently is being discontinued due to a lack of public interest . The almost astonishing lack of concern and awareness of the life essential connections between ALL humans and things that mostly are labelled as environmental and/or ecological , appears to foretell a premature extinction of the increasingly `` brain dead '' human species . For anyone with an open mind and intelligent concern for the present , highly confused and disordered state of contemporary human civilization , whose DVD film library does not ALREADY contain this most excellent and essential film , I would suggest acting ASAP to acquire one of the apparently last remaining , available copies .
 Brosnan is quite an actor who would try to play any role in any condition . I 'd like to suggest that he quits the 007 movies ASAP as Sean Connery and tries to become more versatile as he has been before he just become a video game character . This Grey Owl movie is a living proof how good he is and should be . Like his Robinson Cruso , you could always feel how intense his role could become .
 I just finished watching this film on VHS . Attenborough is brilliant to choose this vehicle to highlight the plight of our vanishing wilderness and the fight of all conservationists . The story of Grey Owl is one I had never heard of before . I am a lover of history , particularily , American History . Sacagewea is one of my all time favorites . Grey Owl is now right up there too ! The scenary , music , acting and directing are beautiful . I would recomend this film to all .
 The first time I saw this movie I was n't sure about it . After watching it many times since I find that I really like this movie . I have read books about Grey Owl , and I am glad the movie did not focus on Grey Owls battle with alcohol . It would have diminished the character . I thought this was a romantic movie that I enjoy watching over and over . As for Pierce Brosnans portayal of Grey Owl , excellent !!! This was quite a stretch for Mr Brosnan . I think his Bond , Remington Steele and Thomas Crown roles are pretty much in character for him . I think he had to work hard at this role and I feel he did an excellent job . I loved it when he showed the softer side of Grey Owl , I just fell in love with that character . Pierce looks good with long hair , or short hair , he would probably even look good bald . The man is # 1 in my book . I did feel that the role of Anahareo could have been done better . I have never seen Annie Galipeau in anything befor . She is beautiful but this role was not for her . I agree with another review that her acting went from sometimes good to sometimes , well lets just say it was hard to watch . I do n't think she complemented Pierce , the chemistry was not there . I feel sorry for Mr Brosnan because from what I have read he put his heart into this movie , and the movie industry thumbed their nose at the movie . If a movie is good it does ' t need sex and violenc to enhance it . This was a good movie that can stand its own . Lets hear it for Grey Owl and < Pierce Brosnan > .
 If you just take the movie on its own terms , its own of the sweetest , finest movies you will find . You do n't need to be an environmentalist or a native americanist to appreciate this wonderful movie . Just being human will do .
 There 's no denying that Grey Owl is not the best movie ever made , but it is a good , inspirational tribute to a remarkable and unique Canadian who was an early and almost lone voice in advocating the protection of Canada 's wilderness , which by the 1930s was already being despoiled by over-exploitation of game and natural resources .
 Seems to me that this movie does a creditable job with a difficult subject
 At first , I could n't figure out why Grey Owl had such a chip on his shoulder . It all made sense at the end of the movie . Every child should be allowed to live their dream , the world would be a better place for it . It 's the lost souls who do n't let the child live their dreams . I also enjoyed seeing the Indians who accepted him because of his spirit , not the color of his skin . Goes to show that true Indians do n't look at blood-content but at heart-content .
 The scenery is beautiful and the acting is excellent but the storyline left a little to be desired . In some instances the story seems slow moving and bogged down a bit in impressionistic nuances . The ending was disappointing , . . though inevitable I suppose . I enjoyed the movie but would not recommend it as a `` must see '' to anyone else .
 Not sure what I thought this movie would be about
 Starring Pierce Brosnan . Based on a true story in 1930s Canada . Directed by Richard Attenborough , and screenplay by William Nicholson .
 This is a great movie and shows how a man follows his dream to live in the wilderness . A more modern story of Jeramiah Johnson . This movie shows great dignity . This tells us how we must love out country and take care of our land .
 I am a big fan of Pierce Brosnan . I had this movie before , but my son borrowed it and would n't give it back . I found it on Amazon.com , ordered it and am very happy with it . Anyone who has n't seen it , should . Great movie .
 It took a little while for me to accept Pierce Brosnan as an Indian . But a little into the movie I accepted it . The price of the movie is worth the scenery that is in it . I will watch it again just for that reason.It is based on a true story and you can truly see the impact that Grey Owl had in protecting the enviroment.He went from trapping to public speaking trying to save the forest and the animals . It is a top notch movie in my opinion and worth the price you pay for it .
 Why Pierce Brosnan does not get the salaries of the Carey 's , Cruise 's and Sandler 's is still a mystery to me . While one may not picture Mr. Brosnan as a Native Indian , one can not help but be marvelled by his incredibly believable performance . I was thoroughly absorbed right from the start of this magnificently written , directed and acted movie . Bravo to Pierce Brosnan and let 's get him into more widely released pictures . The public awaits !
 This is a film that ended up being shown on airplane flights and rented out in video stores . Sad , because though it might not have been noticed in cinemas , Grey Owl is a well-made , well-told interesting story that is acted to perfection by Pierce Brosnan . This is one of those smaller films that really stays with you.Grey Owl is based on an real-life story of a native guide in the Canadian wilderness . An early conservationist , he struggled to get the public 's attention to the loss of many of Canada 's wild animals such as the beaver . But Grey Owl had a secret that , when discovered , threatens to derail his crusade to save the native Canadians and the wilderness.This movie is about all that and much more . Grey Owl is fascinating , complex person , and Brosnan 's acting brings him to life incredibly well . Do n't miss it .
 I rented this video on a whim ; I 'd never heard of Grey Owl and had more than a little difficulty picturing Pierce Brosnan as a believable Indian . I was transfixed by the story of Grey Owl , and pleasantly surprised by Brosnan 's excellent portrayal of this complicated but important figure in conservation . It 's a movie I 've since purchased , and one I enjoy every time I watch it . Having done a fair amount of reading of Grey Owl 's works after my first viewing , I 've learned this is a moderately accurate portrayal of a complicated figure . It does n't reveal all of his warts , but the focus of this film is rightly not just Grey Owl as a person , but his conversion and ultimate contribution to conservation . The public has a tendency to view heroes -LRB- or anyone -RRB- in black and white terms , and is notoriously uni-dimensional in their views of such people . Grey Owl -LRB- ironically , given his name -RRB- suffered that same fate . It 's a story well worth watching and watching again . The cinematography alone is a treat for the eyes .
 I must admit that when I first saw this DVD jacket at a video store I scoffed at it . Pierce Brosnan play an Native American ? Yeah , right . Last night I was just about to go to bed and this movie came on . I said to myself , I 've got to see this . As I watched I became intrigued by the subtle hint that something was amiss about the Grey Owl character . It was very late at night , but I was not sleepy because this movie is incredible.This is a moving story based on the actual life of Archibald Stansfeld Belaney . It is very well acted , written and directed . If you know nothing about the life of Archie Grey Owl , you will be amazed . There are some scenes in this movie that are very touching and powerful . For example , when Pony falls through the ice and Grey Owl rescues her . Also , when Grey Owl tells Pony his secret , her reaction is heart warming and powerful . To reveal too much about the story line is to spoil the film for someone unfamiliar with the life of a very interesting man.I watch a lot of movies and this one is really very good ; and certainly worth the $ 8.99 asking price , in my opinion . As for the DVD , I do not have it . Based on the other reviews , there are 2 10 minute inteviews with the real Grey Owl ; and to me , this is enough to purchase the DVD .
 Pure poetry in motion is Richard Attenborough 's GREY OWL , a beatifully acted and filmed true account story . Although some may consider Pierce Brosnan an aquired taste , here he taps into the talent he displayed years ago in an early John McTiernan film - NOMADS . Not only does Brosnan rely on the ` less is more ' fundamentals - he also seems to color the character of Archie Grey Owl -LRB- a man with a past -RRB- with a pathos seldom seen by todays top box office male stars . As for Attenborough 's direction - it to is careful , deliberate and completely poetic . As he did in CHAPLIN , Attenborough incorporates vintage footage into the story to create a perfect ` true story ' feel . The Canadian backdrop is filmed with a glorious reverence . Nothing is pompous or ` lugubrious ' about this film , as another reviewer stated . Instead , the thrust of this picture is one of heartfelt grandure -- told with a very delicate hand with extremely convincing performances all around . Sure there is a subplot - but it takes the viewer on a journey with the character and provides ample emotion and tension . Annie Galipeau plays a young modern native Canadian , who sees in Archie a chance to connect to ancient roots and feelings . She brings to her character a sense of passion for things only known as legend and provides a soothing metaphor for Brosnans hiddeness and angst . A scene involving Grey Owl and the elders of several Indian Nations hits with such force it invokes emotion not seen much in todays multi-plex market . Although this film seems to have gone straight to the shelves -- it seems far more worthy of a big screen outing than so many other lesser and far more cliched efforts .
 Not the typical film you expect to see with action and complex plots , and this film will not appeal to most who are not interested in environmental causes or Native Americans . However , slow as it is , it is well done and well acted , and I can see how Pierce Brosnan resembles the real Archie Belaney now that I have seen his picture online . A sleeper that will only be precious to a few , but if you are one of those , check this film out !
 When I first sat down to watch GREY OWL , I thought to myself , `` You 've got to be kidding . Pierce Brosnan as an Indian ? '' . It did n't seem to fit . Of course , I grew up watching Brosnan as Remmington Steele so him in any role other than one of class seems out of place . However , as I was swept into the world of the movie , I actually began to believe that Brosnan was Grey Owl , aka Archie . He seemed a little different than other Native-Americans , but not so different that he seemed totally out of place . By the time the movie ended and after I had done a little research about Grey Owl , I felt Brosnan had done a wonderful job and had been perfectly cast.GREY OWL is a film directed by Sir Richard Attenborough and tells part of the story of Grey Owl , aka Archie , a Canadian Indian who began a conservation crusade to protect the native wildlife of Canada in the early twentieth century . However , Grey Owl has a secret that once revealed threatens everything he has fought to perserve.The movie itself is engaging and has a great story to tell . It 's filled with beautiful images of nature and has a strong message . GREY OWL is a film that is often overlooked , but after watching it , I am reminded that not all gems sparkle like gold .
 You can not determine whether to laugh or cry . I guarantee you will do both . I love this movie and would recommend to the highest !!
 Grey Owl is a wonderful film that makes you laugh and makes you cry by showing both humor and deep emotion . The star of the film , Pierce Brosnan , is a great actor with wonderful talent and comedic timing as well as his co-star Ann Gilpeau . Pierce has succeeded not only as a marvelous actor , but as a great producer also . As producer AND star of the film `` Grey Owl '' I think he did a more than wonderful job -LRB- as always -RRB- and if you have n't seen Pierce in much or if you are a fan I suggest you see this movie . It really is a touching story .
 I did n't know much about the story of Grey Owl much less that this story was a true one ! I just bought it since I 'm so much into indiginous people 's history and stories and this did n't disappoint in the least!The story is a true one of an Englishman that moved to Canada at an early age and took on the role of a people he was fascinated with and becomes a trapper . He later grudgingly finds a special person who helps him strive to be more and he becomes one of our first environmentalists . I normally do n't like to tell the story or give much away but I feel this is essential so you know what you are getting . In addition , many may wonder why in the heck Pierce Brosnan is playing the role of a Native American like I did!The message is a great one and despite the deception , Grey Owl 's story is an extraordinary one . The DVD is excellent as it has some historical film you can view of the real Grey Owl in the earlier part of the last century . That alone makes this DVD an exception purchase.I wholeheartedly recommend it but can not give 5 stars as I do n't see it best in class for it 's genre . However , it 's among the better ones I 've encountered for sure ! It 's an excellent addition to my DVD collection .
 I am never disappointed in Pierce Brosnan . He delivers again with a true-to-life characterization of a man who believes in simple things and achieves fame .
 About 1920 Jessie Matthews started performing in the chorus of musicals in England . Very soon she had become a major stage star of musical comedies and reviews on the West End of London . Mind you this was all before talkies movies were invented.I so enjoyed Ms. Matthews first major screen musical `` The Good Companions '' that I searched Amazon for her subsequent musical movies . `` It 's Love Again '' was made a few years later , so it takes advantage of improved movie making techniques . It also shows just how talented Jessie Matthews was ! Unlike some Hollywood musical stars of the 1930s , Jessie Matthews had a wonderful singing voice . She was a very good dancer . She also was a natural actress , without the affected performance of many of her contemporaries . I believe Jessie Matthews combined all the very best virtues as a performer of Ginger Rogers , Ruby Keeler , Eleanor Powell and Joan Crawford , all her American contemporaries.The VHS I purchased was listed as used , but in fact it plays as if it were brand-new . The transfer from film would do credit to a top-quality DVD .
 Way before there was MTV and music videos , there were movie musicals . Although the plot of this movie does n't offer much , it 's more than offset by Jessie Matthews ' fabulous singing and dancing performances . The romantic leading man is a very young Robert Young , but Jessie 's main dancing partner was Sonnie Hale who -LRB- in the fashion of Liza Minnelli -RRB- was also one of her husbands.Unfortunately , I must agree with the other reviewers about the poor quality print . Otherwise , I 'd give it five stars .
 Barry Kneller has created a gem in his debut feature . Writing and starring in the indie production , Kneller has created a lead character , named , `` Lemon '' who is at the lower end of ` the ladder ' of life . He is a fix-it man for the owner of low-rent apartments . On his trip to work , he befriends a newly-homeless vet , who lost his benefits due to a screw-up by the VA. . This man provides the camaraderie and encouragement to Lemon , to strive for a better job . In this quest , Lemon encounters a number of people , some of whom , will play an important role in his life.With a cast that includes veteran actors Dan Lauria , best know from `` The Wonder Years '' , Beth Grant , who deliciously played the cranky pageant lady in , `` Little Miss Sunshine '' , plus Rachel Miner , Willie C. Carpenter , and Boston-based , Brian O'Hara , the story is revealed in a way that most people can relate to ; we are all a few paychecks away from being homeless or worse . It is an uplifting story , without melodrama . Watch for a cameo appearance by Barry 's white chihuahua , `` George '' . Beautifully photographed using the Red camera system , this will be remembered as Kneller 's career blossoms .
 I would like to say Daryl Hannah and the actors play their roles brillantly . The concept of the movie is great and every bit worth watching and buying . The story line is fabulous and keeps you tense up waitng with what is going to happen next.The suspense is killing and on the edge of the seat entertainment.I enjoyed the movie so much I had to keep looking for it on the net . A little secret about the movie is the crip it has on you when it first starts is completely different to most movies and I do n't like telling to much as it spoils the show so you 'll have to purchase this movie , you wont be disappointed and its nearly time for me to relax and sit with my popcorn in my lap and a drink in my hand for the next movie to enjoy
 I liked the movie . Gregory Harrison makes a great president . Did n't care for Daryl Hannah , she seemed kind of flat as a character . The guy who played Grant was pretty good though . I also liked the First Daughter and First Shot .
 I really enjoyed this made for TV movie . Mariel Hemingway was wonderful as always and the relationship in the movie between her character and Doug Savant 's character was very well done . My only regret is that the first movie -LRB- First Daughter -RRB- in this set of 3 is not yet available on DVD . For some strange reason these movies are coming out in backwards order .
 Great Documentary on a WWII Marine Hero named Guy Gabaldon . This man saved the lives of many Japanese and Americans by getting thousands of the enemy to surrender . He received the `` Navy Cross '' which in my opinion he should have received the `` Medal of Honor '' for his brave actions .
 The documentary was great but there is more to tell . After WW2 , Guy got married and moved to Mexico where he was active in a anti-communist campaign sponsored by the Mexican government called DCAA . He got his private pilot 's license and flew into variuos rural areas of Mexico where communist groups were most active in trying to organizie a Cuban style revolution . From there , he moved back to the US and ran for Congress as a Republican in the Eastside of Los Angeles . I was the Town Chairman of the Republican Party for Pico Rivera at the time and it was my job to keep his car in repair and walk precints with him . Unfortunately for all of us , he did n't win . In the late 60s , while I was in law school , I saw his name in a newspaper and wrote to him . He was living in Ensenada , Mexico at the time and was piloting a fishing boat . I lost track of him again until I found that he was appearing at an American Legion Hall in Boyle Heights CA and went to see him . He had moved to Saipan , remarried , aged considerably , but was still flying.The thing that struck me the most about the man was that he was sincere in everything he did and was not afraid to speak his mind . They just do n't make them like Guy anymore .
 Study the WAR on Saipan , and the name Guy Gabaldon will keep popping up . He was the feisty little Marine that grew up in ELA with Japanese friends . As a result of being fluent in Japanese , he was able to talk hundreds of Japanese deeply entrenched in caves into surrendering -LRB- estimates vary from 800-1100 -RRB- , not only saving their lives , and the American soldiers that would have to fight them , but also countless local islanders who were caught in the middle of the raging battles . He was awarded the Navy Cross but rightfully should have received the Medal of Honor . He was finally evacuated to Hawaii after being wounded . He recently died but his memory of service lives on . The movie does an excellent job of portraying his life with interviews and actual footage of the Saipan battles of World War II .
 This movie puts history in perspective for those who know the story of Guy Gabaldon . I think that he is an unsung hero that should have been awarded for the lives that he saved on both sides . I think that you will be glad that you watched this movie . Not the Hollywood version but through this you get to meet the actual hero not Hollywood 's version of who they thought he should be .
 I loved the movie . it was wonderful . The movie is so raw . The movie had you on the edge of your seat . the whole time .
 This film not only takes you up Kilimanjaro but it brilliantly tells a story about the power of the human spirit . It allows the viewer to experience the incredible determination shown by those affected by a disability . Not everyone who attempts climbing Kili will make it given the random way which altitude sickness strikes down the fittest of climbers . But this film is a testament to why we should focus on ability rather than disability in life - I was very moved .
 Not having read the book , THE MOUNTAIN WITHIN , by Herta Von Stiegel , my wife thought this video would be boring . By the end of the movie , she was CAPTIVATED . She said this is the best Documentary she has ever watched.The Documentary is about Herta -LRB- an internationally acclaimed Business/Finance Executive -RRB- and Hans -LRB- her husband -RRB- Von Stiegel who lead a group of 28 -LRB- of which 7 are disabled -RRB- on an attempt to climb Mt. Kilimanjaro for charity . Typically , only about 35 % of all climbers who attempt the ascent on Mt. Kilimanjaro are successful in making it to the top . Yet , 60 % of this group of 28 multinational climbers and 3 of the 7 disabled made it all the way to the top in six days.The story also provided me with an excellent leadership lesson on motivation , goal setting and team work , and the opportunity that was/is given each climber -LRB- disabled & non-disabled -RRB- to conquer the mountains of obstacles everyone has to deal with in their own lives -LRB- personal and professional -RRB- . I , having read the book , knew it was a great story . However , I was not prepared for the exceptional cinematography -LRB- Gordon Brown - THE DEADLIEST CATCH -RRB- , the way in which every human emotion from high to low was captured -LRB- Director - Kyle Portbury , BEYOND THE SEARCH -RRB- , and the way in which the Producers -LRB- Herta and Hans Von Stiegel -RRB- have you identifying with and cheering for each of the seven challenged climbers , as well as some of the support staff like Pauline who had to turn back after day three.Incredibly , three of the seven disabled are able to endure and make it all the way to the top of the mountain.I guarantee you will be inspired and maybe even shed a tear as you watch the final ascent and see James Smith , whose autism and learning disabilities were overshadowed by his optimism , determination , and sheer will to conquer his mountains within , reach the summit with a thumbs up.You can watch the video by ordering it instantly , or you can order the DVD as I did . If you live in the US , make sure and specify the NTSC version , or you may receive the PAL version -LRB- for Europe and Asia -RRB- which may limit you to viewing it on your lap top .
 Excellent book detailing leadership dynamics as well as inspirational and motivational principles.Herta 's transparency is engaging . She gives many practical insights for both personal an professional challenges . The book details the many benefits that come from teamwork and networking . I highly recommend this book .
 Wow - this is the first Henry Jaglom movie that I have seen , but you can bet I 'll be seeing more . His interviews with the women and how the movies influenced their perceptions of how relationships `` should be '' was incredible . In almost every single interview segment , I had a little , `` yup , that sounds right '' experience . Yes , the romance was wonderful , as was the duality of the Venice , Italy life with the Venice , California life . And I had my own `` would n't it be wonderful to be floating around on a canal in Venice '' point of view . So I was doing exactly what he shows us the movies do ! ;-RRB- Anyway , a wonderful film , I plan to buy it , and replay it whenever I feel the urge to run after that `` perfect man who will sweep me away and solve all my problems . ''
 This film allows the first time Jaglom viewer access to some of the director 's best work , w/o the guessing usually involved in exporing an artist for the firsts time . A must for anyone serious about film .
 the only other jagfilms i 've seen are hamptons & babyfever , neither of which are NEARLY so good . dualities -LRB- man/woman , movies/life , italy/l . a. etc. -RRB- resonated through this one poetically , accompanied as they were by that exQUISite music which i pray is released someday -LRB- both the score and the marshall barer/david colin ross song halfway thru -RRB- ! a woman i showed this to remarked , `` henry 's a jerk , but he 's a cool jerk . '' to which i 'd add , `` his flick may be bull#$@$, but it 's marvelous , transporting bull@#$$.&quot; btw , v/v 's washed-out light & color palette makes it ideal viewing on a sunny winter afternoon :-RRB- vt
 This is a gem of a film , directed and written with heart and truth , at times it brought tears to my eyes , and in the next scene , made me laugh , as I have done much the same as the characters so deftly drawn by D.B. Sweeney . Anytime , an actor can take both sides of the camera , and craft a film so entertaining and rich , this is a film and director to be noted.Though the film concentrates on the three buddie 's embraked on a life changing road trip , it is also noteworthy for the fact , that finally a director has given the veteran actor John McGinley the starring role he has so richly deserved after many many films . John 's performance is bravura , going from alpha male bravado to being absolutely cratered as he realizes what is important in life , which is this
 Not only is DB Sweeney a Great Actor , Great American -LRB- he sent me coffee while I was in Iraq -RRB- , OK guitar player , but he has done an awesome job directing this one . I want to thank him for coming to Iraq to show us this movie . I pre-ordered it from Amazon , received it on July 22nd here in Iraq and have watched it three times already . I have caught something new each time I watched it . We were laughing through some of the parts I missed the first time , then I watched it with headphones the second time.It has a true story line , not a Hollywood story line and great music -LRB- well except when he butchered Blue Collar Man , a Styx song -RRB- . I highly recommend this movie , it will be one I watch again and again .
 I 've loved D.B. Sweeney since `` The Cutting Edge '' for his totally heart-felt and down-to-earth style of acting . What this movie does , is take that style to the next level . The stuff we talk about with the friends we 've known forever may sound pretty strange , stupid or boring to anyone else . `` Two Tickets To Paradise '' captures so poignantly just how all of these seemingly insignificant conversations and experiences weave together for each of us , creating not simply histories that we share with each other as old friends , but the compass by which we orient ourselves . Sweeney has written the dialogue about these three old friends in an honest , funny , and at times unbearably sad tone , reminding us of how we all can and do get stuck in our lives , to one degree or another , and how , invariably , our old friends become the yardstick , and maybe the impetus for us moving ourselves a few feet forward . All three main characters , as well as the minor characters give very well-modulated performances ... no over-acting , no corny monologues , and a good , but not yucky-sweet , Hollywood ending . It 's almost as if Sweeney is reminding us that we can give up cinematic junk food by experiencing films that deeply move us with simple reality instead of with the fantastic and improbable . Too bad that Moira Kelly did n't have a bigger part , since she and Sweeney have such natural chemistry together . Good tunes . Hope he makes more movies like this .
 I watched this movie in Kuwait with D. B. Sweeney . It was a very funny and touching movie . It hits home the feelings a lot of older men have , how things did n't work out like we thought they would when we were in High School . Some drug use , a lot of alcohol , a real nice car and a real nice bike . Did I mention the stripper ? Anyway , I really enjoyed this movie and was glad that D.B. brought it to us in Kuwait .
 I bought this movie just to see D.B. Sweeney & Moira Kelly on the screen again . Honestly , I 'd pay to watch them make a grocery list together . What a lovely surprise that this is a good movie too . There are some terrific lines , enough awkward , happy and sad to make it real and John C. McGinley ! After having watched this , I will watch & buy pretty much anything that Mr Sweeney is involved with because I can trust him to bring the funny , the real and the beautifully thought out.Sit on the couch with Hubby , open a couple of beers and enjoy .
 Two Tickets to Paradise follows three long time friends who embark on a road trip . Stuck in their boring routine and wondering if this is as good as it gets , a sudden unplanned road trip is exactly what these friends need to escape the problems of their life . Character flaws and bad habits are exposed that test the limits of dedication . I thoroughly enjoyed the adventures that these friends endured . Heartfelt drama and timely comedy make this film a fun ride .
 Who does n't love a good comedy?Two Tickets to Paradise is `` man humor '' at it 's finest!D.B . Sweeney has proven to be a multi-talent with the writing , directing , producing and a fine comedic performance in Two Tickets to Paradise .2 thumbs up ... just what the doctor ordered to tickle your funny bone .
 Two ticket 's to Paradise was more like three ticket 's cause I was loving this Film ... . NO WONDER It won so many Film Festival Awards . D.B.Sweeney isa fantastic actor/director .
 Saw it in New York City.Great stuff . Anyone who has good friends will recognize the hilarity only friends can produce . I was laughing so hard at a few parts , I missed the next 10 seconds of action.Also a great movie on regular guys growing up a little late . Anyone will be able to relate.Definetley worth a watch -LRB- with friends , even better -RRB- .
 I saw `` Two Tickets to Paradise '' at a film festival in Hawaii - and I thought it was the best feature movie of the entire festival . It 's a great story about the friendship of high school superstars coping with less than spectacular middle age lives . This movie makes you laugh so hard , you leave the theatre felling good and haunted with memories that make you smile for weeks to come . If there is a moral to this movie , it is the value of friendship throughout life . See it and feel good all over .
 The movie is fun about life time friends and working through issues and how everyone has there up and downs . Nice to know your true friends will stick with ya and how sometimes its hard to listen to them ! Funny scenes of how they deal with there friendships . Loved it . . its keeper if you have it on DVD .
 Great Documentary on a WWII Marine Hero named Guy Gabaldon . This man saved the lives of many Japanese and Americans by getting thousands of the enemy to surrender . He received the `` Navy Cross '' which in my opinion he should have received the `` Medal of Honor '' for his brave actions .
 The documentary was great but there is more to tell . After WW2 , Guy got married and moved to Mexico where he was active in a anti-communist campaign sponsored by the Mexican government called DCAA . He got his private pilot 's license and flew into variuos rural areas of Mexico where communist groups were most active in trying to organizie a Cuban style revolution . From there , he moved back to the US and ran for Congress as a Republican in the Eastside of Los Angeles . I was the Town Chairman of the Republican Party for Pico Rivera at the time and it was my job to keep his car in repair and walk precints with him . Unfortunately for all of us , he did n't win . In the late 60s , while I was in law school , I saw his name in a newspaper and wrote to him . He was living in Ensenada , Mexico at the time and was piloting a fishing boat . I lost track of him again until I found that he was appearing at an American Legion Hall in Boyle Heights CA and went to see him . He had moved to Saipan , remarried , aged considerably , but was still flying.The thing that struck me the most about the man was that he was sincere in everything he did and was not afraid to speak his mind . They just do n't make them like Guy anymore .
 Study the WAR on Saipan , and the name Guy Gabaldon will keep popping up . He was the feisty little Marine that grew up in ELA with Japanese friends . As a result of being fluent in Japanese , he was able to talk hundreds of Japanese deeply entrenched in caves into surrendering -LRB- estimates vary from 800-1100 -RRB- , not only saving their lives , and the American soldiers that would have to fight them , but also countless local islanders who were caught in the middle of the raging battles . He was awarded the Navy Cross but rightfully should have received the Medal of Honor . He was finally evacuated to Hawaii after being wounded . He recently died but his memory of service lives on . The movie does an excellent job of portraying his life with interviews and actual footage of the Saipan battles of World War II .
 This movie puts history in perspective for those who know the story of Guy Gabaldon . I think that he is an unsung hero that should have been awarded for the lives that he saved on both sides . I think that you will be glad that you watched this movie . Not the Hollywood version but through this you get to meet the actual hero not Hollywood 's version of who they thought he should be .
 I really enjoyed this film - that 's what I came to realize when I sat down and started putting my thoughts into words . That realization came as something of a surprise to me because the film does n't exactly live up to its billing as `` a thought provoking dramatic thriller . '' At times , I was n't even sure if writer/producer/director Chris St. Croix knew whether he was making a serious film or a dark comedy -LRB- according to a Chris St. Croix interview I came across , the film was originally envisioned as a comedy -RRB- . Shattered did succeed , however , in drawing me into the lives of the four lead characters as they try to deal with a really bad situation - and it definitely kept me in suspense as to how the story would play out all the way up to the end.What should be a rather simple - albeit traumatic - situation becomes hopelessly complicated in Shattered . Hours before four lifelong best friends realize their dream of opening their own bar , a cretin shows up at the site and tries to rape one of them . Fortunately , she escapes and manages to lock him in the storage room just before her friends arrive . At this point , 99.99 % of the population would have just called the cops . What seems like a no-brainer decision to me is anything but to Heather -LRB- Jennifer Kennard -RRB- , Regina -LRB- Lynette Cole -RRB- , Nikki -LRB- Amanda Bailey -RRB- , and Claire -LRB- Jennifer Spriggs -RRB- , though . For different reasons of their own - both personal and practical - they decide not to report the crime . Having made that decision , they 're basically left with two options
 Shattered is available on DVD March 2 ! This is a great indie film and I highly suggest you give it a shot . It is full of nonstop action and the supense is nail bitting , literally . Check out the synopsis : When four lifelong friends decided to open the hottest new bar in town , they never thought the night of their lives would turn into their worst nightmare . But when one of their own is brutally attacked and manages to trap her assailant inside the bar , their friendship is tested like never before . Lives will be torn apart and bonds will be broken as they decide whether to trust justice to take its course ... or take justice into their own hands . * Sponsored Post
 I got lucky enough to see this movie in the theater a year ago . I was really a great movie . Lots of suspense and action.I loved it .
 All of us come from somewhere . A graphic novel story writer , Alan Moore , came from the working class area of Northampton and grew up into a shaman of sorts for many who enjoy the graphic novel format of storytelling.In this video , Alan gets not only to tell his story , his autobiography , but also believes he has earned the place in life to share his philosophy of life , which he seems to think aligns with others who are arriving at the same mental state at approximately the same time.The title of this film should have been `` Welcome to my place in the zeitgeist . '' I enjoyed Alan 's viewpoints , many which most of us have thought and/or shared with others in our lifetime . My exposure to his work has come through film adaptations of his graphic novel collaborations with others , including `` Watchmen '' and `` V for Vendetta . '' May those who view this film find inspiration in the ideas expanded by Moore and pursue their own rightful place as sets of states of energy in the known universe .
 In this clever , over-the-top satire of daytime soap operas , `` The Young , The Gay and The Restless '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- especially pokes fun at the current trend of including gay characters in such shows , by providing a storyline where everyone seems to be gay , married to someone gay , flirting with someone gay , or contemplating murdering a gay character . And , like actual daytime `` soaps '' , there 's several plots going on simultaneously , as well as instances of cheating spouses , sexual predators , longtime grudges , incest , sluts , suicide , jealousy , gold-digging relatives worried about their inheritance , a secret past criminal record , and even a bisexual foursome as a bit of icing on the cake.In charge of this extended dysfunctional family is elderly but feisty and rich matriarch Victoria Gaylord , who brings everyone together for her birthday celebration , which is cut short when she has a fainting spell . Her husband , Francis -LRB- who has some skeletons in the closet as well -RRB- , calls Dr. Bender who arrives on scene and proceeds to argue with Francis about who has her best interests in mind . Daughter Cynthia arrives at the party late with her husband Phillip , who is concerned that his wife is a bit TOO close to one of her brothers , and is also afraid of being `` hit on '' by gay brother Nicholas . Meanwhile , flirty gay houseboy Andrew is juggling a couple of prospective future as well as one former boyfriend , all of whom show up to court him , as does a young lady who wants to be Andrew 's `` try it once '' woman . Dr. Bender 's sassy assistant , Nurse Jones , arrives last , but her treatment plan for Victoria is n't exactly what others had in mind.A well-written , campy , tacky , sarcastic , -LRB- intentionally and brilliantly -RRB- overacted and hillarious treat , not to be missed ! The only negative is a technical gaffe
 A gay soap opera with all the melodramatic silliness and a touch of fabulous ! If you do n't take it serious and just enjoy the campy performances , it 's worth a look .
 The Young , The Gay & The Restless -LRB- Formally , Lake St. James -RRB- is a campy yet witty soap opera spoof . It delivers nonstop laughs & catty one liners that will forment your brain . The amazing Joe Castro has taken a break from the horror genre to show you his playful yet creative comedic side . In this new comedy the characters are bright , witty & brilliant !! Some of the performances deserve an OSCAR . Holly Karrol Clark -LRB- Cynthia -RRB- & Miss Elliotts -LRB- Victoria Gaylord -RRB- performances `` R '' outstanding !! Kerry Liu -LRB- Kristin -RRB- is just an amazing actress that delivers those bitchy one liners that you ca n't seem to get enough of . Joe Haggerty 's -LRB- Francis Gaylord -RRB- performance is not to be missed in this mini comedy drama . The Young , The Gay & The Restless has premiered in 6 film festivals throughout the United States & with each premier the audiences have been captivated with shock , anticipation but mostly LAUGHTER !! What are the families dirty little secrets ? What is Phillip -LRB- Caleb Campbell -RRB- hiding from his wife Cynthia ? What is Cynthia hiding from Phillip ? Looks like Andrew The House Boy is OVER BOOKED again with sexcapades & WHO WILL DIE , YES DIE ?? Will it be Dr. Bender , Kristin , Mark , OR ?? Tune in & find out what shocking secrets lie for you in this explosive FAGTASTIC DVD.You wo n't believe your eyes!The funeral scene is to die for!A must see for any soap opera fan.This movie delivers the trash & takes it out !! -LRB- Cult Movies Magazine -RRB- Schroeder -LRB- DJ WACK `` O '' -RRB- of Orbital Traxx Records & Cult Movies MagazinePlease Note
 Trevor has a car wreck that seems a little off and the police decide to look into it . At first he is n't even included in the list of people because of what happned to him , too , but Kirsty Cotton is a hard girl to run away . Making matters worse , he can not seem to hold it together and it looks like someone is setting him up for a series of horrid crimes . Whatever can , or did , he do?I have to say this is my favorite of all of the Hellraiser movies on pure movie power . It was the first time they utilized the box correctly , making it a part of the story and not the theme . Also , they went and they picked out people they knew would work and I cheer the main catch.If the scrpt is going to get good reviews , the way this movie is carried out deserves double kudos . There were parts in it that made me feel like something weird was going on , and some that made me wonder if my eyes were playing with me . At first Trevor does seem like a madman and I thought the box had him . And maybe it does - or maybe he fell or , what is that word , crashed ! PTSD!Honestly , this is a great ending . The hook is worth the solid 5/5 in here . If you like the series even a bit , it is a no loss scenario .
 Ahhhh . Hellraiser 's back ! Kinda . The title of this installment is HELLRAISER / HELLSEEKER . Yes . One hellraiser divided by one hellseeker . It turns out , that equals one pretty good movie , but without that much hell getting raised.The hellseeker here is Trevor , who just so happens to be married to Kirsty Cotton -LRB- Ashley Laurence , reprising her role from thefirsttwoHellraisers -RRB- . They 're a little too much in love , because they smooch while highway driving and , oops ! , drive straight off a bridge and into a river . Trevor manages get out of the car , but Kirsty is n't so fortunate . She yanks on her seatbelt and bangs her palms on the window , but those things apparantly do n't , you know , unlatch seatbelts or doors . Trevor swims back to save her , but since the only thing he does is also bang on the window with his palms , the door never opens , and Kirsty drowns . It 's unsettling . And also not a spoiler.After that , Trevor 's life gets weird . You know . HELLRAISER-weird . Kirsty 's body is never found . Detectives begin hounding him suspiciously . People at work are acting weird . And dang it if he is n't having some pretty upsetting hallucinations . Dean Winters ' Trevor stumbles through it all at a numb remove , too slow-witted to understand anything , but also too poorly acted to be anything more than a figurehead for the audience 's own confusion.Because the movie is n't impatient to make any sense . Scene two -LRB- roughly five minutes in -RRB- and the roller coaster is already barrelling down the first nauseating drop . At this point , I glumly realized I had the movie figured out . But then , just as quickly , I realized I did n't . Then I did . Then I did n't . And we danced . The movie definitely keeps you on your toes.Also definite is that the plot of HELLSEEKER is almost too similar to that of thefifth film . In both , flawed protagonists are forced to piece together the jigsaw puzzle of their lives , but the pieces are as dangerous as actual jigsaws . In INFERNO , the picture on that puzzle was n't hard to get , even long before all the pieces were in place . HELLSEEKER , on the other hand , paints a far more satisfying picture , even if it does so at an indulgent , devil-may-care pace.No movie since thefourthhas really taken full advantage of the possiblities inherent in the Hellraiser mythos -LRB- and I 'm not counting thethirdfilm , a campy misstep that was for Hellraiser what Joel Schumacher was forBatman -RRB- , and HELLSEEKER is no different . Our resident demon -LRB- Cenobite ? -RRB- , Pinhead , is still not much more than a color commentator . When he finally shows up in this film , he is introduced by a glowing crack in the wall that is shaped like an upside-down question mark . Get it ? He 's the Anti-Question , the answer , the deux ex machina -LRB- how ironic ! -RRB- . In other words , he 's not really living -LRB- or killing -RRB- up to his potential . It 's convenient . Even a little shameless . But it 's also fun , fast , and dark enough to creep out the coroner .
 the return of kirsty . but not in the way we all expected . while most of the movie is focused on her husband trevor . it starts out with him and her riding in a car going down a road when the car flies of the bridge and crashes into the water . trevor escapes but kirsty is traped in the car . Much like INFERNO , trevor must find the answers to what really happened to kirsty as her body is not found and what is really happening to him . Once again Pinhead and crew have a small role and in the end we all learn the twisted truth about kirsty and her relationship to trevor as reality is turned upsidedown and nothing is as it seems . Trevor must face his past that he has `` forgoten '' as kirsty has her revenge for all the heck shes been though . The truth about how kirsty has been changed since HELLRAISER : HELLBOUND is shown and her true relationship to Pinhead and crew is brought to the forefront . How you view kirsty will be changed after seeing this movie as all the pain shes been through finnaly takes its toll on her . great movie and a truly great surprise ending !!!
 The Hellraiser franchise holds a special place in my heart . I will never forget the first time I saw the opening chapter in the series of films inspired by Clive Barker 's nightmarish visions . Watching the original `` Hellraiser '' now is a mixed bag-some of those special effects look a bit hokey , but others still come across as chillingly effective . Who can forget the glistening visage of Uncle Frank ? The lascivious Julia ? Or the first appearance of the ominous and verbose Pinhead ? The second installment improved on the first , as the film whisked the viewer away to the abode of Pinhead and the Cenobites . A gruesome , perverse picture , `` Hellbound
 Hellraiser VI - Hellseeker ~ Dean Winters is a really well made sequell in the hellraiser series . Ashley Laurence is back for the first time since hellbound . The special effects are quite well made and the script is great being that the movie has a 3 million dollar budget . The music is great for the movie and sets the mood perfectly even to well sometimes . The entire videoe camera scene is so frightening and the psychological drama is totally creepy . It is kind of ironic that he goes to a chiropractor considering that pinhead has pins all over his head . The dialogue is not as poorly written as most horror sequells and is quite good . Pinhead only plays a small part and can almost be seen as doing a small cameo . I highly recommend this movie to all hellraiser fans and fans of great movies .
 HELLRAISER
 This is an excellent film which takes things in a different direction than some of the other sequels but has a great plot and cast . Some fans wont like the direction this one takes the series in . I thought it was clever and I like the changing nature of the series . This is superb entertainment if you can accept it on it 's own terms .
 With each review I read , it seems that every Hellraiser fan hates Hellseeker . Well , I 'm a big fan of the Hellraiser series and this is my third favorite -LRB- behind Parts 1 and 2 of course -RRB- . The main reason why I believe this gets so much negative criticism is because the storyline is almost exactly like the previous Hellraiser movie , Inferno -LRB- Pinhead is barely in either movie as well -RRB- . The first time I watched Hellseeker , I knew exactly what was going to happen after only 5 minutes in . Basically , if you 've never seen either movie and have to decide which one to get , it comes down to this
 You may hate this movie . Mainly because Kirsty is only in the beginning , end and in parts throughout the movie . This is based on her husband , Trevor who lost his memory from a crash he and Kirsty had . When their car fell off a bridge . He thinks she 's dead , but a detective says otherwise.It 's mainly about how the Pinhead torments Trevor into remembering what happened before the crash . He thinks that all was heaven with Kirsty , until associates and woman remind him of his adtulterous and kiniving past.It 's beautiful in a psychological way , where Trevor gets flashes and wonders about his encounters with others . There is only one erotic scene , and it is far too FUNNY , to be thought of as sexual . If that 's what you are into then , you 'll love this movie .
 I was truly and pleasantly surprised by the sixth installment of the Hellraiser saga . In the horror genre , it is typical for sequels to turn into parodies of the original -LRB- e.g. , Friday the 13th and Leprechaun went as far as placing the hero in outer space ! -RRB- as the producers struggle to create a bigger and `` badder '' version of the same story . That is not the case with Hellraiser . But while there is no attempt to make a bigger and badder Hellraiser , clearly the story has morphed from the sheer horror of Hellraiser 1 into a more surreal , suspenseful drama ending with the ultimate horror
 I dont know why this movie is getting such bad reviews . -LRB- perhaps the lack of gore -RRB- It may well be the best since the original . The story -LRB- which i wont get into for spoiler reasons -RRB- is very interesting and held up until the end . You dont have to be a Hellraiser addict to enjoy it but i for one love Pinheads longer pin look .
 LaMent ConfigurationLeviathan , Lord of the LabyrinthPhillipe LaMerchandWell , Hellseeker was one Hell of a terrific film . I was both pleased and disappointed with the film . It is obviois why i ` d be pleased with it , but here is why I was disappointed . Well I heard that Imogen Boorman was going to be in the film and once again play the role of Tiffany and that Kirsty was going to have a bigger role in the film . Also from what i read on another site made me suspect that my favourite Cenobite Channard would be in the film . I also thought the film would kinda be a bit like Halloween Resurrection , with a lot of people in one place and the Cenobites -LRB- along with Pinhead ` s Hellhound from Bloodline -RRB- would go on a wild killing sphree . of course the film was still great , it may never be as good as the first 3 , but it was still good . Well I hope when Hellraiser 7 comes out that the series returns to the ways of the original.PS
 About a month ago , I heard that Clive Barker had viewed this film and claimed that `` Someone finally got it right '' . After seeing this film , I must agree . Inferno was a true step in the right direction , after the abhorrent 3 and bland 4 . But what was missing was some good character dialogue between The Cenobites and the main character . This missing element is more than restored in Hellseeker . Dean Winter 's acting is top-notch , while the plot will keep you dazzled . The Cenobites as a whole are barely in it , but Pinhead is more prominent in this one than in Inferno . Also , watch for Doug Bradley 's extra role . It 's his voice that gives him away.My only complaint about this DVD is the features . While certainly a step up from the nothing on 4 and the 2-minute blurbs on 5 , we only get teases of what could truly be . The menus are crap with no thought put into them whatsoever . The special effects feature is under 5 minutes . While the alternate scenes are most definitely worth watching , they left a bunch out . These detriments are the sole reason why I left a star off my rating . Otherwise , this is a great addition to the series and will hopefully be indicative of what is to come in Hellraisers 7 and 8 .
 It seems like many of the reviews for this film are negative based simply on the fact that it does n't feel like the original few films in the series . People need to think more about the fact that each film is a new interpretation of the story . I feel this film was really played out well and fairly well acted . By no means is it a classic , but it 's a very above par DTV movie .
 One thing I will say is that the longevity of the Hellraiser series is second to none in the horror genre . All the other long running series of horror flicks have become a distant reflection of what they once were . Hellraiser on the other hand has not succumbed to the recent trend of ridiculous sequels . Hellseeker is a great return of Kirsty , and the ending you will not believe . I sat there wondering wtf ? And the brilliant ending tied it all together wonderfully . I would rate this right up there with 1 and 2 , and as long as they keep churning out sequels of this caliber , I will buy every single damn Hellraiser movie that comes out . Oh yes and after you watch , whether it was your favorite Hellraiser or not , try to name a horror movie in the last few years that was better .
 I thought this film was awesome , Its not what the first 2 films were , I do n't think it 's for GORE fans but more for the jacob 's ladder crowd . The film was very well put together . Cinematography was excellent as well as the acting and directing . It 's a shame that hellraiser bloodline made theaters and this did n't . I like the new direction for the series . It played with my head , I enjoyed the ride . If you like dark horror thrillers this is for you . If you are into corny campy `` horror '' pick up jason X. I like both and I own both .
 Being a fan of the first two films of this series I went into this film expecting to see some kind of reminace film more in tune with what happened in the past -LRB- Ashely Laurence character from the first two films -RRB- . But more of a film that did n't excatly live up to the original or 2nd movies creepiness or horror . However , I did find the movie very entertaining and a nice twist at the end of the movie to make it a very compealing movie and sequel . Although , it did n't have the complete horror or helplessness or despair that the first two films had it did hold its own in the creepiness and confusion section of the movie , which made it a very well done sequel . Definately one of the better sequels in this horror franchise series .
 The Hellraiser series is rather sad . I mean , the first Hellraiser had the potential to be one of the scariest films of all time , but failed due to spotty dialouge and some bad/so-so acting . The second installment was a brilliant concept , but was not paced right , and became rather silly towards the end . The third one was rather bad . The fourth , Bloodlines , was actually rather swell , except the story sort of contradicted the previous installments . `` Inferno '' gave a whole new look to Hellraiser -LRB- and was more in line with the novella , Hellbound Heart -RRB- , in that it relied less on blood and guts , and more on charcter development and suspense . `` Hellseeker '' is an improvement over `` Inferno . '' The film is paced perfectly . The viewer is sucked into the protagonist 's twisted personal hell , and is led along many strange encounters . I felt like I was watching an old Twilight Zone episode at times.The acting is not bad , I thought Dean Winters played his role quite well , as Kirsty 's husband and Doug Bradley is brilliant as the always captivating PINHEAD . The director did a fine job in creating a twisted universe , and complementing the characters ' anguish with thoughtful camera work.I 'm led to believe , based on previous reviews , that the people who bash this film are the ones who lean more towards Freddy vs. Jason style horror , rather than a , not to sound condescending -LRB- I enjoy all types of horror -RRB- , `` deeper '' film that explores one 's soul -LRB- ok , ok , this is n't exactly `` deep , '' but compared to most horror , it could be considered as such -RRB- . The only complaint I have is a two minute scene towards the end in which Pinhead and Kirsty exchange some dialouge which seemed very much out of charcter . But still , this is the best of the series thus far . Give it a chance .
 This sequal actually has Ashley Lawrence and Doug Bradley !!! While the 2011 has no one as is not good.I love the storyline it is so refreshing different than the sequal and has a dark and amazing side to it , after i watched it . . i was like . . what a good job , rather than going for all kinds of slashes and gore with not much storyline.I would have to say this is one or if faves including the first three Hellraiser films . . which i find classic.I like that Ashleys character has the guts to do what she did , what goes around comes around ; -RRB-
 I would have to agree with one of the other reviewers that this is not quite as good as Inferno but it comes pretty close . There are some genuinely terrifying moments considering the direct to video budget constraints . I did enjoy it though . Scary . Do not watch alone and in the dark .
 I love the original film and the first sequel.After being disappointed by the 3rd and 4th sequels , I lost interest in this series.Yesterday at the store I decided to give the cenobites another shot , especially seeing that Kirsty was back.Anyway this is a good one.Dark and surreal in tone , this film captures Barker 's original vision much more successfully than the 3rd and 4th movies.Slightly fumbled , where all the pices of the plot seem to not fit that well , I still applaud this attempt at a more nightmarish vision.The dvd has 3 alternate scenes fans will love.Interesting director 's commentary too .
 Overall I must admitt this movie was not all that bad . It has it 's flaws but overall delivers an effective tale . Pinhead is back to torture more humans but this time Kirsty Cotton -LRB- Ashley Lawrence -RRB- is back to fight him . Not quite . You see in the very beggining she dies in a car wreck . Ooh that can damper any good vs evil plans . From there the movie spirals into a weird world where the main man Trevor -LRB- Dean Winters -RRB- is suffering from a major concussion and is having very strange dreams while `` getting it on '' with about every girl he meets . Pinhead plays a small role once again but a larger role than in Inferno . However like the first two and inferno there is no reference to the biblical hell that three and four tried to pull off , instead it is more in the realm that Clive Barker had origionally intended . This one will not please fans just as Inferno did not please fans . However if you are in the mood for some really strange stuff , and a dark yet compelling tale , than this is the way to go . However if you love three and four , well lets just say you better put the black leather and chains away because this film is not like those two .
 I just ca n't imagine how anyone can not like this movie . Hellraiser 1 i say only deserves 3 stars . Hellraiser 2 deserves 4 stars . Hellraiser 3 deserves 4 stars . Hellraiser 4 deserves 3 stars again . Hellraiser 5 deserves 5 stars and this one 5 stars again . The last 2 had to be the best . The First 2 films were very tacky and i was n't scared at all . this is a improvement and whoever does n't like it does n't have good taste .
 an interesting foray into mind , memory and madness with a little stickly thrown in for good measure . My criteria for a good horror film are
 When its something I want , its always 5 stars!Will recommend to othersI 'm a man with very few word , Do n't press your luck !
 I 'm not sure I understand the hatred for this movie , the sixth installment of the Hellraiser film series . The negative online reviews I 've read do n't shed much light as to why they disliked this movie . At a guess , I 'd say it 's because Clive Barker has pretty much detached his name from the franchise . After watching some of the recent sequals -LRB- ex
 After the first movie , it went really down the slope for the Hellraiser-movies . Pinhead is one of the biggest badguys , but that is not enough when the movies are way out of line . When the movies are made to show only blood and action , and no real story , it does n't please me much . I 'm glad that stopped with Bloodline . When I first saw Inferno , I could n't belive it . It was a deep movie , and you did n't see almost anything of Pinhead . And it just got better in Hellseeker . I was looking foreward to see the goodgirl from the original Hellraiser and Hellbound in the Hellraiser-legacy again , but she was just acting in the beginning and the end ... maybe 5-10 minutes , and surprisingly , I did n't care . Bouth Inferno and Hellseeker has a good , deep , Seven-alike and very differnt story than at least Hellbound , Hellraiser III and Bloodline . More of that . I do n't say that I love blood and goore , but the film has to have a story too . I loved the part in Hellseeker when they open the scull and put pins in the mainpersons brain ... mmm . To sum up what I 've said here , I would say that this is a movie for persons who like a good stoy , a suprising ending and some blood and gore
 This movie was good , just not as good as Part 1 & 2 . This series was at it 's best back when Clive Barkerwas making the movies.It seems that every movie you see less & less of Pinhead.I would say it has a good storyline , but not as good as Clive Barker ` soriginal creation in Part 1 & 2 !! I rate this DVD a 4 of 5 stars !!
 I 've never quite understood the negativity thrown at this movie and the other later Hellraiser films . I 've seen all of them and this one is my third favorite Hellraiser film behind the first two . I think the main source of criticism comes from the idea that it is not a true Hellraiser film . Well , the Hellraiser series is now about variety . Seriously , who gets excited when a new just-like-the-others `` Friday the 13th '' movie comes out?Well , not pure variety . If you 've seen both films , it 's easy to see the similarities between this film and its predecessor , `` Inferno '' . This is little more than a remake of `` Inferno '' , but this one is much better done . This film emphasizes psychological horror and personal torment over gore and most of the scenes are very creative and memorable . The creepiest scene for me was the one involving the video camera . The images from that scene are forever burned in my mind and many of the other scenes are close to matching its effectiveness . The entire film is genuinely scary and they even mix some nice eroticism into the mix -LRB- though little nudity -RRB- . The costumes and special effects are also well-done -LRB- except for the gunshot -RRB- . Complaints ? Well , some mention that the movie is kind of confusing . It can seem so at first , but all is cleared up at the end . It 's not really a movie you have to rewatch to fully understand , although the movie is good enough to inspire you to rewatch it . Also , some complain about Ashley 's character -LRB- the heroine from the first two films -RRB- being turned into a villian . Yeah , I was a little disappointed too , but it 's nothing that killed the movie for me.Check this one out if you 're interested in a heady , scary , and unique -LRB- ignoring `` Inferno '' -RRB- horror movie .
 This installment brings us back to the original Hellraiser , and is just as good . The first Hellraiser showed us how far one is willing to go to get what they desire . This film shows us the consequences of those actions . This film very successfully captures Clive Barker 's vision of hellraiser . It is not about a slasher killer , but about dark desires and torment . Pinhead was never meant to be a Jason or Freddy or etc. . . He is a demon whom wishes to inflict suffering.It is refreshing to see a horror film based not upon special effects and bloodshed , but rather storytelling . You have to use your own imagination a bit . It is a much more mature film than many other horror offerings . I do n't mean XXX mature , but more appealing than childish killing sprees as in Hellraiser 3 and Bloodlines . This movie is reminds me a bit of Books of Blood , even though Barker had nothing to do with this Hellraiser.Now this movie did n't have a mega budget , but the effects are still well done . This is n't a Masterpiece of Cinema , we have to remember it is Hellraiser and judge it upon that . This is the best horror film to come around in a while in my opinion . The horror aspect is more directed toward mental and emotioinal torture as opposed to physical pain . While pinhead has a minimal and elusive role in the film I found it satisfactory . Sometimes holding back is just as good as giving it all.I would put this film in the same league as Fallen , In the Mouth of Madness , and other such films . Overall I was really surprised with this film . I watched it with low expectations after reading so many negative reviews but it really pleased me . I would recommend this if you enjoy a thinking horror film as opposed to just watching blood run , though that can be fun at times also . If you are unsure , rent it first .
 This is yet another great and certainally not the last sequal to Hellraiser series , it finally show Kirsty 's dark side and how she really is , great plot and awesome effects as always !! Keep em comming !!!
 Hellseeker actually is probably the 3rd best film of the series and for this reason . It needed to be made . For all you Hellbound fanatics look at it this way , Arthraxiah -LRB- the female cenobite -RRB- mentioned to Kirsty how they always kept finding each other and how it seemed inevitable . Well this movie finally set the finality of that , when Kirsty ... albiet with the Cenobites help , commited premeditated murder . Kirsty was always bad . Selfish , prone to violence ... . and this movie just cemented that.Also , Hell on Earth , Bloodlines , and Inferno tried to go for the shock value horror icons of the series where this movie brought out the true nature . It is a dark look into ourselves and what we primortally desire . And Pinhead does n't need to be ripping people apart through the movie to show that ... the chains are just a sign of the most humiliating , suffering pain . Nothing more .
 I 've been a fan of Clive Barker since his original incarnation of the Hellraiser series named ` The HellBound Heart ' , which appeared in a reprinted collection of short stories named the ` Books Of Blood ' . I was very pleased with Hellseeker as it was not only a new perspective on the series , but also captured the essence of Clive 's literary style ; dark and twisted.I 'm grateful to all those involved .
 Since the rumours of Ashley Laurence 's return as Kirsty , it was certain that this , the sixth Hellraiser movie , would get considerably more interest than most . Like all movies there is good and bad . The bad being Ashley Laurence 's screen-time is not all that long and just what happened to the supposed Imogen Boorman cameo ? Another gripe would be that for the first time since Hellbound
 I have to admit after seeing Bloodline , and Inferno i was starting to lose my credibility for the series.Happily as of my review my faith has been reborn with Hellseeker.This well made entry stars Dean Winters , Ashley Laurence , and Doug Bradley -LRB- returns as old nail head himself , pinhead -RRB- . Well made entry for a sixth installment.There are plans for director rick bota to direct two more entries.Currently part 7 is being put together right now . But back to hellseeker i had a couple small qualms the lack of the dark angel himself pinhead and length of running time it clocks in somewhere around only 85 minutes.But this entry goes back to it 's roots of deceipt and deception and really at times has you wondering what lines are crossed between heaven and hell.All that i know is i felt justified by movies end.This is hellraiser to it 's deepest core.It 's good to see the movie monsters i grew up watching are still alive and keep on ticking.Got to go pinhead is here to stay folks !!!!!!
 This film is an excellent entry into the Hellraiser series.The entry of Pinhead , is so classic , and the final denoument is just superb . But , as good as this film is , do n't thank the Director , Rick Bota , for the positives in this film . He was handed the script , he was given notes by Clive Barker himself after a review of the semi-final cut , and he threw out some of the best scenes and kept them only as a deleted scenes set . This film succeeds in spite of the Director . The power of Ashley Lawrence as an actress is shown again in the film series . Compare this film with HELLRAISER DEADER ... it is evident that Bota can not do a Hellraiser film without Connect the dot instructions . He may be a good Cinematographer -LRB- and in Deader , Bota had the benefit of one of the local cinematic Masters who made sure that Bota 's work at least LOOKS good -RRB- , and if Bota filmed DEMON KNIGHT , then kudos to him , since I love the film ... but he fails in Deader , and this one succeeds because he had so many other masterful craftsmen that he could not help but produce a decent product.Doug Bradley appears as at least two characters in this film , and once again you get to see how powerful he is as an actor , and how immortal he is as PINHEAD.I hope Bota is kept well away from HELLRAISER films in the future .
 Bought this DVD for a present to a friend . Packaging was in good order , dvd was like new , shipping was fast and with no problems at all .
 Being a fan of the series , I had rather high hopes for HELLSEEKER . And after watching it once I had a few questions in my mind . But I enjoyed every second of it . To me it does have the same feel as HR , and the induction of Kirsty , even though its minimal , adds a special touch to the film.Go out and buy it , rent it , steal it -LRB- just kidding -RRB- , but do anything you can to get your hands on a copy!OR ELSE HELL WILL RAIN DOWN ON YOU ! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
 Since the rumours of Ashley Laurence 's return as Kirsty , it was certain that this , the sixth Hellraiser movie , would get considerably more interest than most . Like all movies there is good and bad . The bad being Ashley Laurence 's screen-time is not all that long and just what happened to the supposed Imogen Boorman cameo ? Another gripe would be that for the first time since Hellbound
 Kirsty Cotton and I have been through all types of playdates . In the first , her uncle uses her daddy like skin so her can get close while his sister-in-law cheers this on and wants him . Strange people . The next one is a little trip to the Labyrinth , which hurt the series in some ways and helped it in others but that made hell a little small for my liking . Now we have Kirsty all over again , pulled from the wreckage of a vehicle and now having a bad day.I have seen this movie on TV without a star and that really gets to me . This is one of the best storylines in the Hellraiser world there is . You have a Hellseeker and a Hellraiser shown to you , plus you learn some stuff you did not know . I personally like how everything seems weird , and I like the thing that is said later , when all the hooks come marching sunder . It is odd.Speaking of odd , there are a lot of little things in here that are odd . The dog -LRB- does n't that mean possession -RRB- , the cops , the boy , the people she thinks she wants on her side . She seems so out of it - or does she . MS. Cotton has gone a few bouts , what 's another?I give this a 4.5 out of 5 on this series . You have to take this stuff separate and recall how far in you are . If you looked this far , you want to see . Besides , there girl in the tub will scare you .
 while clive barker only made a few of the 1st originals there are some in this series he didnt make im not sure about this one but w/1 ,2,3 , this one finished off the story for me ... very good i love all pin head movies a must have
 I 'm surprised at how many bad reviews this movie has . I like it a lot better than Hellraiser 3 which I thought was the worst of the series and a complete gimmick . I guess the first one would have it beat in my book , but I would say it 's my second favorite of the series . A lot of these reviews compare it to Memento , but as some other reviewers have pointed out it is more than heavily influenced by Jacob 's Ladder . The scenes on the bus are so close to the subway scenes in Jacob 's Ladder it 's totally obvious , the character of the good doctor is very similar to Danny Aiello 's character , even that scene focusing on the hospital gurney 's wheel , the doctors putting needles in the guy 's brain , and the whole afterlife thing , well , yeah it 's very very close . A homage only goes so far until it 's a copy . But even bearing that in mind I still thought it was a good fun movie with lots of replay value that others in the series just do n't have .
 This Hellrasier movie is great . The movie is slow paced but it is not boring . I have never gotten confused or lost . The pace keeps me from wanting to know what is going to happen next ; or when will Pinhead show up next . There are enough characters in the movie to tell the story . The story has some depth to it . The special effects are very good . As with all other straight to dvd Hellraiser , Pinhead does n't do anything much anymore . But I do like the scene where Pinhead shows up in this movie . This time around , he shows up to explain what is going on -LRB- in style -RRB- . He shows up like God Father with his mafia carrying his victim . The extras are pretty good . The only thing that is not good is the score . Compared to the original , the music does not have a bang to it.I enjoy watching Hellseeker very much . 5 stars
 This movie , like the previous entry in the series -LRB- Inferno -RRB- , continues the series ' return to form . Both movies loosely resemble the first two films rather than the middle two . For this , we should be utterly grateful . Hellraiser three and four were shameless `` bean counter '' flicks that ultimately disgraced this fine series . At first glance , Hellseeker to closely resembles Inferno . While it is true the plots are incredibly similar , make no mistake-Hellseeker is the better movie . Only by a small margin , though . While not completely up to par with the first two films , this is a good continuation of the Hellraiser mythos . I like the direction they are taking , going back to mindset that Pinhead is a major character , but not the basis of the movie itself . That 's a major fault of the middle two films . Luckily , the last two have corrected this and have put the series back on track . All in all , another fine chapter in this ongoing series . Enjoy !
 The reason why my title entry is so long is because ! Really , this particular movie of the Hell Raiser is the most profound one from a Metaphysical/Mystical point of view.I know that everyone has their own favorite when dealing with the 8 movies of Hell Raiser . However , any in depth thinker , and certainly ; any true metaphysician ! Is without a doubt going to say this one is the most complete by far ! If they view the movie as being a mirror reflection of each of our own soul . -LRB- This Particular One -RRB- Is not so much about `` Pinhead '' going around murdering people . It 's more so about how far Betrayal , Evil Negotiations , Wicked Deeds , Lust , Pleasure N Pain -LRB- Dualities -RRB- Etc ; Begin to take over peoples life . And from those various desires how they lead people into either Paradise or Hell Worlds . Of course in this movie -LRB- They were strictly all Hell Existences -RRB- I could 've written far more extensive about this movie
 different direction now hellraiser acts like vannila sky a man maried to ashlet laurence frome the first three they hacve a car crash he wakes up to his brain being ripped open but then wakes up again hes confused he starts seing hookers and other people being killed by demos pibheads but him in an odd world and made him make a deal pinhead was disgised as a human lewading to a killer ending worth a look RATED R FOR SOME GORE LANGUAGE SEX NUDITY PLUS SOME STRANGE/DISTURBING IMAGES
 This serial movie , both disks , volumes 1 and 2 , are absolutely entertaining and well worth watching.Smilin ' Jack Martin is a barn storming , old style action aviator whose love of flying is only surpassed by his love of adventure . In ` The Adventures of Smilin ' Jack ' , Jack Martin encounters a centuries old secret that could help defeat the Japanese takeover of China . The secret is a hidden mountain path connecting China and India that would allow the resupply of China from India . Jack 's adversary in the race to discover the secret passage over the mountains is the ruthless Fraulein Von Teufel , a Nazi spymaster from Hitler 's war machine . The secret pass would provide a safe trade route for the Chinese , but the ancient people that protect it are not willing to give up their secret so easily . To defeat Smilin ' Jack , the bloodthirsty Fraulein Von Teufel dispatches her Black Samurai to murder him and seize the passage . The Black Samurai are trained killers , dedicated to their cause and relentless in their attacks , using tricks , torture , and cunning in their attempts to kill Jack and his plans for opening the secret route.Despite its dated and politically incorrect use of caucasians to play the parts of many asian characters , notably the performance by Sidney Toler -LRB- of Charlie Chan fame -RRB- , this is an adventure with continuous action and a cliffhanger that caps every 22-24 minute episode of this thirteen chapter serial .
 One of the better Universal serials . Ranks high with Flash Gordon -LRB- 1936 -RRB- and Tim Tyler 's Luck -LRB- c. 1938 -RRB- for the best serials made at Universal . Selection of Tom Brown to play Zach Moseley 's Smilin ' Jack was great casting . Brown plays Jack to perfection . As one who read the comic strip during the 40 's and 50 's I pictured Jack as closely as possible to Brown 's portrayal . Jack is in China trying to prevent an Axis agent Fraulein Von Teufel from taking over the island of Mandon . With the help of two friends , Janet and Tommy , Jack is able to destroy the Axis plans . The highlight of this serial is the ending to Chapter 12 . To prove that he is an honorable person , Jack has to walk barefoot over a bed of hot coals . He is taught by a Chinese friend how to do this without harm . This serial is full of action and adventure . There is also a mystery as Jack tries to find out who Frauline Von Teufel is . Look for Sidney Tolar -LRB- Charlie Chan -RRB- playing a Chinese general .
 This serial movie , both disks , volumes 1 and 2 , are absolutely entertaining and well worth watching.Smilin ' Jack Martin is a barn storming , old style action aviator whose love of flying is only surpassed by his love of adventure . In ` The Adventures of Smilin ' Jack ' , Jack Martin encounters a centuries old secret that could help defeat the Japanese takeover of China . The secret is a hidden mountain path connecting China and India that would allow the resupply of China from India . Jack 's adversary in the race to discover the secret passage over the mountains is the ruthless Fraulein Von Teufel , a Nazi spymaster from Hitler 's war machine . The secret pass would provide a safe trade route for the Chinese , but the ancient people that protect it are not willing to give up their secret so easily . To defeat Smilin ' Jack , the bloodthirsty Fraulein Von Teufel dispatches her Black Samurai to murder him and seize the passage . The Black Samurai are trained killers , dedicated to their cause and relentless in their attacks , using tricks , torture , and cunning in their attempts to kill Jack and his plans for opening the secret route.Despite its dated and politically incorrect use of caucasians to play the parts of many asian characters , notably the performance by Sidney Toler -LRB- of Charlie Chan fame -RRB- , this is an adventure with continuous action and a cliffhanger that caps every 22-24 minute episode of this thirteen chapter serial .
 This was from Zack Mosley 's popular comic strip , one of many tuned into a serial , and long thought to be lost . Jack Martin is a daredevil pilot who gets involved in Far Eastern intrigue just before Pearl Harbor . As played by Tom Brown -LRB- 1913-1990 -RRB- Jack no longer has his pencil-thin moustache and seems younger , but Brown does a commendable job here.This is a very good cast . Perhaps the most interesting casting is Sidney Toler and the great Keye Luke -LRB- `` Secret Agent X-9 , '' 1945 -RRB- , who played Charlie Chan and his number One Son in numerous movies . Toler was concurrently playing Chan while appearing in this film as General Kai Ling . Luke plays Captain Wing , who assists the general and bails Smilin ' Jack out of many predicaments . Marjorie Lord , later known for her role on TV 's `` Make Room For Daddy , '' also helps Jack in his endeavors as Janet Thompson.Rose Hobart is excellent at playing the evil Fraulein von Teufel off against her alter ego Rose Franklin , whom no one suspects . Just as convincing is her agent Kageyama , played by the ultra suave Turhan Bey . The sniping between the German and the Japanese agent is rather humorous . Cyril Delavant almost steals the show as Mah Ling , the Chinese provincial governor whom both sides are trying to entice into revealing a vital wartime secret . He even plays a double role with a small segment as a Japanese agent who will pretend to be him . Mah Ling 's loyal servent Wu Tan is played by long-time Asian actor Philip Ahn , and his role grows in importance as the plot progresses.The plot seems to be more intelligent and well thought-out than is the case with many serials . There are some great and unexpected twists and turns , getting one more emotionally involved than normal with a serial . There 's some pretty good archival footage taken early in WWII . I also like Universal 's method of prefacing each chapter with one or two new scenes which let us know what 's happening before repeating the ending that led up to the cliffhanger , instead of using a written summary as Republic did or an annoying narrator as Columbia did.Universal 's great director Ford Beebe was the producer of this one . Directors Ray Taylor and Lewis Collins had a chance with this to learn how to put together a good WWII spy flick , which may be why their `` Secret Agent X-9 '' -LRB- 1945 -RRB- was so good . And like that one , it has the look and feel of a feature movie rather than just a serial . About all that separates this from the best Republic serials is more fights and better cliffhangers .
 Except for technical advances in movie making and the dubious additions of sex and `` sophistication '' , no James Bond or Indiana Jones has a thing on Smilin Jack . A WWII/Far East spy thriller it spans the globe , several changes in setting and types of action -LRB- planes , ships , subs , hotels , water front -RRB- giving freshness and suspense to each unfolding episode . Imagine Southeast Asia war zone without the WWII famed Burma Road , then imagine the highpriests of Nepal or Tibet -LRB- with a fictional name , -RRB- knowing the existence of a real but secret version of such a road , then the obvious espianoge from both Japan and China -LRB- with Nazis male and female thrown in -RRB- and you have Smilin Jack 's enemies . Throw in beautiful heroine and stout Brits and Ausies plus Charlie Chan and sons Chinese types as friends and you have the cast . The world 's highest mountains , the China Clipper , Hong Kong and various warfs , luxury hotels , water front dives and bamboo houses give this epic serial all the old James Bond flavor . All this plus clean , family ok dialogue that tells the tale quite dramatically , thank you . And your kids will love the air planes and cars . all WWII vintage and just what is now meant by `` the greatest generation ''
 VCI Entertainment and Universal Pictures based on the Zack Mosely newspaper comic strip present ... `` The Adventures of Smilin ' Jack '' -LRB- 1943 -RRB- -LRB- Dolby digitally remastered -RRB- , a 13 Chapter cliffhanger from an action packed Universal serial era featuring an outstanding cast with Lewis D. Collins and Ray Taylor at the helm ... story line has the Chinese and American governments mount a joint operation just before World War II , to prevent the Germans and Japanese from taking over the strategic island of Mandon ... will our hero Smilin ' Jack -LRB- Tom Brown -RRB- -LRB- and where is his famous trademarked pencil moustache -RRB- and Janet Thompson -LRB- Marjorie Lord -RRB- -LRB- later in TV sit-com `` Make Room For Daddy '' with Danny Thomas -RRB- be able to thwart the spy ring known as `` The Black Samurai '' ... can Von Teufel -LRB- Rose Hobart -RRB- the German fraulein be outwitted and her identity be discovered as the leader of this spy ring , along with her head henchman Kageyama -LRB- Turhan Bey -RRB- ... with the help of Chinese Gen. Kai Ling -LRB- Sidney Toler -RRB- and Capt. Wing -LRB- Keye Luke -RRB- can we turn the tide and defeat `` The Black Samarai '' ... remember Toler and Luke are on loan and must get back to their roles on the `` Charlie Chan '' film series which is the famous detective and his number one son ... do n't leave the theater until the final chapter is over and done with `` Sinking the Rising Sun '' ... just remember double thrills , chills , mystery and suspense ... hitting the bull 's eye with excitement ... do n't miss a single spine thrilling episode . . return next week to this local theater for another episode of action and adventure that will keep you thrilled until the next chapter.Under director 's Lewis D. Collins and Ray Taylor , producer Ford Beebe , associate producer Don H. Brown , screenplay by Morgan B. Cox , musical director H.J. Salter , dialogue director Jacques Jaccard ... the cast includes Tom Brown -LRB- ` Smilin ' Jack ' Martin -RRB- , Rose Hobart -LRB- Gertrude Muller , alias Fr&auml;ulein von Teufel -RRB- , Edgar Barrier -LRB- Tommy Thompson -RRB- , Marjorie Lord -LRB- Janet Thompson -RRB- , Keye Luke -LRB- Capt. Wing -RRB- , Sidney Toler -LRB- Gen. Kai Ling -RRB- , Cyril Delevanti -LRB- Mah Ling/Han Po/his doppelganger -RRB- , Turhan Bey -LRB- Kageyama -RRB- , Phillip Ahn -LRB- Wu Tan -RRB- , Nigel De Burlier -LRB- The Lo-San -RRB- , James Craven -LRB- Commissioner Robert George Hardy -RRB- , Wheeler Oakman -LRB- Freighter mate -RRB- ... special footnote , actor Sidney Toler was best known as the famous Chinese Hawaiian detective Charlie Chan , Toler accepted the role after the sudden death of Warner Oland who was difficult to replace because of his popularity , Toler 's first film was `` Charlie Chan in Honolulu '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , then the others followed `` Charlie Chan at Treasure Island '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- -LRB- this was Toler at his best -RRB- , `` Charlies Chan in Reno '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , `` Charlie Chan in City in Darkness '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , Charlie Chan in Panama '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , `` Charlie Chan 's Murder Cruise '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , `` Charlie Chan at the Wax Museum '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , Murder Over New York '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , Charlie Chan in Rio '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- , Dead men Tell '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- , `` Castle in the Desert '' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- all by 20th Century-Fox , the next film series were from Monogram Pictures `` Charlie Chan in the Secret Service '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- , Charlie Chan in Black Magic '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- , `` Charlie Chan in the Chinese Cat '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- , The Jade Mask '' -LRB- 1945 -RRB- , `` The Scarlet Clue '' -LRB- 1945 -RRB- , The Shangfhai Cobra '' -LRB- 1945 -RRB- , `` The Red Dragon '' -LRB- 1945 -RRB- , `` Shadows Over Chinatown '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , `` Dark Alibi '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , `` Dangerous Money '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , `` The Trap '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , Toler 's performances gave us his signature acting style , was without a doubt one of the best to play the famous Chinese detective ... meanwhile back to our Universal Serial which is always good till the last drop and this serial is no exception ... there is a great deal of entertainment here for the cliffhanger fans out there ... all courtesy of VCI Entertainment , who in my humble opinion is the best there is in restoring early serials and features.BIOS :1 . Tom BrownBirth Date
 Movies , radio and especially comic books during World War II were not polite to the Germans or Japanese . Members of the Axis powers were depicted as `` Krauts , '' `` Nips , '' and `` Japs . '' Somehow , Italians were not included . American super heroes battled the Axis and won -- every time . The `` Japs '' wore round spectacles with thick lens , had buck teeth and lemon-yellow faces . The `` Krauts '' oftn had monacles and clicked their bootheels a lot.This serial is part of that peculiar ethos , although it was n't possible to have Japanese with lemon-yellow skin in a black and white film . As such , this is n't bad at all . There 's a great deal of piloting and war footage to lend some reality . The plot is simple , as one might expect . Jack gets into an impossible tight spot or two in every episode and manages to get out of them at the beginning of the next episode . There are the usual fistfights , a nice looking young woman or so , and nasty villains who want to destroy everything that is goodness and light . Even Charlie Chan and his number one son are along for the ride -- but playing different characters.I did enjoy this serial . As serials go , it was one of the better ones .
 Went to see it today and loved every minute of it . The big belting songs , the costumes , the wonderful Italian scenery backdrop . Everything about this film was right for me . If you love a musical you 'll love this.Be Italian !!
 If you gave this movie 3 stars or less ... what were you looking for ? On the musical numbers alone this film deserves a 5 star rating . People get so used to mindless action films these days that when a movie comes along that makes you think you forget how . This was an awesome cast who really surprised me in how talented they are . Who knew Kate Hudson could sing like that?This film is a musical . It has a back story that is secondary to the performances . Do n't get lost trying to find the meaning of life here . Sit back and enjoy . Go back to reality tomorrow . Film is supposed to take us on a journey . If you do n't like musicals , nothing anyone says will make you like this film .
 It is beautifully done.I am a huge fan of Daniel Day Lewis . In fact , I just watched ` There Will Be Blood ' again , the other day . He is splendid in this movie . So different but equally well acted . A genre that is difficult to do well , and is n't exactly a crowd favourite anymore.My two favourite musical scenes belong to Fergie and Marion Cotillard . The scene with Ms. Cotillard and Mr Lewis ... very well done . You can feel the anguish in both characters so strongly.It is a beautiful movie I will watch again and again .
 This is a masterful musical with so much human nature so well displayed by all the characters . I would watch this one more than once and that 's why we bought it!Enjoy !
 Great movie !!!! I could watch this movie over and over again !!! Great music , great actors , simply amazing .
 We first rented this movie because we could n't find anything else ... and were blown away by the performances , the music and the quality of the production . So we had to own it ! Unusual and very well done . If you love musical movies , do n't miss this one .
 In 1973 , `` Nine '' was but a dream for American composer Maury Yeston . Before Yeston became the popular American composer and lyricist that he is right now , he was inspired by Director Frderico Fellini 's `` 81/2 ' , about an Italian filmmaker who had writer 's block in which the film would deal with his memories and flashbacks that were intermeshed onscreen.After several attempts to having a book created , he joined with American playwright Arthur Kopit in 1981 as Yeston would write the music and lyrics while Kopit wrote the book and sure enough , by 1982 , the Broadway play of `` Nine '' was born.In a 1982 interview with Yeston in regards to how `` Nine '' relates to Fellini 's `` 81/2 ' , Yeston said , `` When Fellini made 81/2 he already had done seven films and a documentary , so he called his next movie 81/2 . I thought , if you add music , it 's like half a number more . '' Fortunately , with the help of Katharine Hepburn who saw the original production , Hepburn contacted Fellini and Fellini granted Yeston the rights to write a fictional musical inspired by his film.The musical was a huge success as it won five Tony Awards , ran for 729 performances and has had several revivals but it was n't until 2009 when Director Rob Marshall -LRB- `` Chicago '' , `` Memoirs of a Geisha '' -RRB- , screenwriters Michael Tolkin -LRB- `` Changing Lanes '' , `` Deep Impact '' , `` The Player '' -RRB- and Anthony Minghella -LRB- `` The Talented Mr. Ripley '' , `` The English Patient '' , `` Cold Mountain '' -RRB- began writing the film adaptation of the musical and also bringing in Maury Yeston to write a few songs for the film.For many people , Rob Marshall 's success with `` Chicago '' was definitely going to bring people into the theaters but where `` Nine '' has literally struck gold is with its all-star talent . `` Nine '' stars Daniel Day-Lewis -LRB- `` Gangs of the New York '' , `` The Last of the Mohicans '' , `` The Unbearable Lightness of Being '' -RRB- ; Marion Cotillard -LRB- `` Contagion '' , `` Public Enemies '' , `` Taxi '' films -RRB- ; Penelope Cruz -LRB- `` Broken Embraces '' , `` Sahara '' , `` Elegy '' -RRB- ; Nicole Kidman -LRB- `` Australia '' , `` The Others '' , `` Cold Mountain '' -RRB- ; Judi Dench -LRB- `` Quantum of Solace '' , `` Pride & Prejudice '' , `` 007 ' films -RRB- ; Kate Hudson -LRB- `` Bride Wars '' , `` Raising Helen '' , `` Almost Famous '' -RRB- ; the Black Eyed Peas vocalist Stacey `` Fergie '' Ferguson ; and legendary actress Sophia Lauren -LRB- `` Matrimonio All ` Italiana '' , `` La Cicoiara '' , `` I Girasoli '' -RRB- . Despite the film receiving mixed reviews , `` Nine '' would be nominated for four Academy Awards which include `` Best Supporting Actress '' -LRB- Penelope Cruz -RRB- , `` Best Art Direction '' -LRB- John Myhre , Gordon Sim -RRB- , `` Best Costume Design '' -LRB- Colleen Atwood -RRB- and `` Best Original Song '' -LRB- `` Take It All '' Music and Lyrics by Maury Yeston -RRB- . `` Nine '' is a film that that takes place in the late '60s and revolves around famous director named Guido Contini -LRB- played by Daniel Day-Lewis -RRB- . As production of `` Italia '' is about to begin , he is having a mid-life crisis in which he is having problems balancing time with his wife Luisa -LRB- played by Marion Cotillard -RRB- , his mistress Carla -LRB- played by Penelope Cruz -RRB- and many women that work for him or want some of his personal time such as his muse Claudia -LRB- played by Nicole Kidman -RRB- , his costume designer Lilli -LRB- played by Judi Dench -RRB- , American journalist Stephanie -LRB- played by Kate Hudson -RRB- and also imaginary dreams of his youth such as the prostitute Saraghina -LRB- played by Fergie -RRB- and his communication with his dead mother -LRB- played by Sophia Lauren -RRB- . With the press and his film crew thinking that everything is ready for Guido to start filming , the truth is that he has n't even written one word for `` Italia '' at all . Despite his writer 's block , he is also dealing with the disintegration of his marriage life , knowing that his sexual promiscuity is starting to get the best of him and affecting his personal life and this man , who everyone thinks is so much in control , is really not . Guido is lost and needs direction.Using Fellini 's `` 81/2 ' as a source of inspiration for the film , certain aspects make it to the film as the case of fantasy and real-life are hard to distinguish in `` Nine '' until each layer of Guido Contini is slowly peeled away and in `` Nine '' , the question is asked about what kind of man are we left with ? Through the life that this famous director is living now , what would truly consume him and who or what would become his priority?VIDEO : `` Nine '' is presented in 2:40:1 Anamorphic Widescreen . Let me first say that if you were deciding on the Blu-ray or DVD , this is one of those films that you would want to watch on Blu-ray . Various scenes are just vibrant with color and for each musical number , there is a wonderful style to each that simply screams to be in HD . But for the DVD , picture quality is still beautiful.The cinematography by Dion Beebe is simply ravishing and what helps is the wonderful cuts used for the musical segments , so a big credit to editors Claire Simpson and Wyatt Smith . It 's hard to believe that the majority of the musical numbers takes place on one adjustable set -LRB- which you will see in the special features -RRB- but how each set was created , modified and enhancing the dancers and their choreography was fantastic . Great art direction , production design and also costume design from Colleen Atwood.AUDIO & SUBTITLES : And when it comes to musicals , its simply about the music and the DVD is presented in English 5.1 Dolby Digital . Again , this is a type of film that screams of HD and I recommend listening to a lossless audio track via Blu-ray but overall , the music and dialogue are clear . Subtitles are in English and English SDH.SPECIAL FEATURES : `` Nine '' comes with the following special features : * Audio Commentary - Featuring audio commentary by Director Rob Marshall and Producer John DeLuca . Rob Marshall talks about the scenes , bringing the musical onscreen and also discussing the misunderstanding by people who thought they were remaking Fellini 's `` 81/2 ' . Also , discussing the performances of the talent . * The Incomparable Daniel Day-Lewis - -LRB- 5:13 -RRB- The casting of Daniel Day-Lewis as Guido and the cast talks about how he is an amazing actor and once he gets on the set , he is not Daniel Day-Lewis , he is the character . * The Women of Nine - -LRB- 10:48 -RRB- Casting the women of Nine . Each of the main female cast talk about being hired for their role and being in a musical . The women talk about being among a major cast of women and striking friendships with each other . Director Rob Marshall talks about why he hired each actress . * Director Rob Marshall - -LRB- 6:28 -RRB- The cast talk about working with Rob Marshall and how as a performer/dancer , he is perfect as director for a musical such as `` Nine '' . * Behind the Look of Nine - -LRB- 8:23 -RRB- Director Rob Marshall talks about working with a great team for `` Nine '' and working with the team he worked with in `` Chicago '' and the importance of having people with experience in creating the look of `` Nine '' . Also , information on the impressive and adjustable stage and working with production and costume design . * The Dancers of Nine - -LRB- 4:41 -RRB- Featuring the casting process of the dancers for `` Nine '' and how many of the dancers dream of being in a film , let alone being in a film directed by Rob Marshall . * The Choreography of `` Be Italian '' - -LRB- 4:17 -RRB- The making of `` Be Italian '' and bringing in 14 tons of sand to make the soundstage seem like a real World War I beach . Fergie talks about the choreography and how she enjoyed rehearsing the song for two months . * The Making of `` Cinema Italiano '' - -LRB- 2:54 -RRB- Kate Hudson talks about her song `` Cinema Italiano '' and the challenges of singing the song . Also , showing the musical side of Kate Hudson and the support she received from Fergie . * The Choreography of `` Cinema Italiano '' - -LRB- 8:39 -RRB- Director Rob Marshall and Producer John DeLuca talk about the Kate Hudson 's character and wanting to bring the '60s and emphasize it for `` Cinema Italiano '' . * Music Videos - Featuring the music videos for `` Cinema Italiano '' feat . Kate Hudson , `` Take It All '' feat . Marion Cotillard and `` Unusual Way '' feat . Griffith Frank . * Previews - Sony Pictures Home Entertainment music videosJUDGMENT CALL : When there was word that director Rob Marshall would be working on his next musical , needless to say , people were excited to see if Marshall can recreate the magic that he brought onscreen with `` Chicago '' . So , when the word came out that he was bringing `` Nine '' , the popular musical onscreen , many wondered if he could pull it off . Meanwhile , new cinema fans were worried -LRB- and many who misunderstood -RRB- that Federico Fellini 's `` 81/2 ' would receive a remake.It 's important to let viewers know that the musical was inspired by `` 81/2 ' which Fellini gave Maury Yeston approval for the musical version , while for the film adaptation , Maury gave Rob Marshall free reign to do what he can and what he wanted for the film.What director Rob Marshall was able to create was a glamorous and strikingly beautiful film that showcases the talent of Daniel Day-Lewis who was fantastic ! Although playing an Italian director , Day-Lewis looks strikingly similar to French director Jean-Luc Godard but more amazing is that his performance is as remarkable as he has done in his previous films with the exception that in `` Nine '' , the thespian shows off his vocals . Who would of thought that Daniel Day-Lewis can sing ? Needless to say , he did a remarkable job.But equally remarkable was Penelope Cruz . Her musical performance was not just sexy but again , shows off her amazing talent as an actress . And almost similar to her last films `` Los abrazos rotos '' -LRB- Broken Embraces -RRB- and `` Elegy '' , she 's able to make the character of a woman scorned , come alive . It 's one thing to portray her character of Carla with depth , but to transform to this sexual vamp during her musical segment and even titillate the horny Guido in their scene was enjoyable . `` Nine '' definitely features an all-star cast with Marion Cotillard , like Penelope Cruz , brings the emotional and musical aspect to full force onscreen where Penelope 's Carla is the mistress , Cotillard 's Luisa is the lonely wife and her transformation onscreen during her musical performance is also fantastic . Other memorable moments include Stacy Ferguson -LRB- Black Eyed Peas vocalist ala Fergie -RRB- as the buxom beauty/prostitute Saraghina in one of the most memorable musical performances of the film singing `` Be Italian '' . As mentioned , the film does feature an all-star cast , and there is no doubt that Sophia Lauren 's appearance brings style and a homage to the '60s for this film . Judi Dench 's Lilli brings the professionalism that compliments Day-Lewis 's Guido and yes , Dench can sing as well ! Nicole Kidman 's Claudia brings more of the sexual , classy Veronica Lake like character but unfortunately is lost among the more sexually charged performances of the film and Kate Hudson 's Stephanie brings the American sexiness to the film but somehow , felt a bit out of place in terms of the context of the other performances in the film.With some of the musical segments definitely standing out from the film , I give credit to the dancers and the set and costume designer for making these characters come alive , especially in choreography . Amazing ! And most of all , credit to the cinematographer Dion Beebe -LRB- and the editors Claire Simpson and Wyatt Smith -RRB- for the beautiful cinematography and making sure each sequence was dazzling , simmering and delightful onscreen.If there is one thing about `` Nine '' , because of the multiple characters , the meshing of the flashbacks , Guido 's dreamstate and reality , `` Nine '' does have a commonality with Fellini 's `` 81/2 ' . Some may find the banality within the concept but the characters and their musical performance is what emerges out of the banal setting and brings some fervor towards the actual screenplay.But a problem that Rob Marshall has probably found is the film 's comparison to `` Chicago '' . The music of `` Chicago '' was literally songs that came from the soul of the character and works with the movie . While `` Nine '' , you find yourself not zeroing in on the lyrics but simply watching the sexiness on screen as Penelope Cruz and Fergie 's characters demonstrating naughtiness.There is no impact emotionally but more sexually . If there was a character in which the music helps you feel the emotion and soul from the lyrics is through Luisa Contini 's `` Take It All '' as a woman who has had enough as her soul has been sapped by Guido . She is the only character who sings about how she is feeling while the others sing about how Guido is feeling . And it 's those stinging words that resonate in Guido 's head.So , I felt the musical numbers , while they look great on film , were quite uneven . I may not be the musical erudite but I would imagine that the film is quite different from the actual musical and those who are familiar with the musical may share its disappointment of the film.But there is something about `` Nine '' that attracts you to the film despite its shortcomings . May it be the cinematography , the '60s glitz , the sexual innuendo or just seeing some of the talents on film giving a wonderful performance . Needless to say , that by the end of the film , I was not disappointed at all by `` Nine '' and can easily say that I had fun watching this film .
 What a fun film !!! Great energy , sexy and fun for couples to watch . You have to come away from this movie wanting to make love . We have so much fun . The performances are wonderful
 I am a little upset with people who are fans of musicals . There is n't enough product to satisfy our desire and when a very good example of this genre is released , we stay away in droves . I simply do n't understand why `` Nine '' , the new musical , not to be confused with `` 9 '' , the recent animated film from Tim Burton , s getting pretty unanimously bad critical reviews . I do n't understand why fans of the genre are staying away.Directed by Rob Marshall -LRB- `` Chicago '' -RRB- , `` Nine '' is an adaptation of a very successful Broadway musical adapted from the Fellini film `` 8 '' . The film contains some very good performances and some amazing vocals and dancing from actors I did n't know could sing or dance . Add to that a beautiful and romantic period setting and you have a film that is a fitting companion piece to `` Chicago '' . Are fans of this genre waiting for the next Gene Kelly or Fred Astaire ? Is that why they are staying away ? Do you secretly desire `` An American in Paris II '' or a remake of `` Singin ' In The Rain '' ? That wo n't happen -LRB- I pray to God -RRB- . As we continue to evolve and our tastes become more modern , the genres we love have to adapt and change along with us . For a long period of time , the only musicals we could see on the big screen were animated . Many of these were great and provided an avenue for talented people . Then , Baz Luhrmann managed to convince 20th Century Fox to let him make `` Moulin Rouge '' . `` Chicago '' , `` Mamma Mia '' , `` Hairspray '' and more than a few films that should be forgotten followed this . A lot of people did n't like `` Moulin Rouge '' because of the frantic visual style . I loved it . `` Chicago '' is a bit more traditional than `` Moulin Rouge '' , allowing the viewer to get involved in the story and characters because they take a moment -LRB- every so often -RRB- to breath . Now Marshall follows this success with `` Nine '' . Rome , the 60s . Guido Contini -LRB- Daniel Day-Lewis -RRB- , a very successful Italian film director is experiencing writer 's block after two of his films have flopped . This is unfortunate because his longtime producer is practically forcing him to make his new film . They have a title , `` Italia '' and are convinced it will star Claudia Messina -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- , Contini 's longtime muse . Even his confidant , and confessor , his longtime costume designer , Lilli -LRB- Judi Dench -RRB- knows he is having trouble , but she does her best to provide support and a nudge when needed . A set is in production on a huge soundstage at Cincecitta , but Guido is experiencing a midlife crisis and ca n't come up with anything to write about . When the pressure becomes too great , he runs off to a spa on the Italian peninsula and hides there , trying to escape everyone and everything . He calls his wife , Luisa -LRB- Marion Cotillard , `` La Vie En Rose '' -RRB- and tells her he will be home in a few days . Then he calls his mistress , Carla -LRB- Penelope Cruz -RRB- and gets her installed in a nearby penzione . When his production team and producer show up at the spa , what was supposed to be rest quickly becomes a working holiday and continues to stress out the famous director . Instead , he begins to remember all of the women in his life and with each memory , comes a new musical number and an equally amusing performance by one of the ladies.I really liked a lot about what `` Nine '' is trying to do . Unfortunately , I also think many of the things I like are also the same things keeping people away from the multiplex.As Guido deals with his writer 's block and all of the complications of his life , he begins to remember back to each of the important women in his life and their various influences in shaping who he has become . There are some references to Guido 's history with women and the sheer number of sexual partners seems to be large , but there are certain women in his life who are important and he remembers each with fondness . As the memories flood back , Marshall begins to cut some of the most beautiful footage I have seen in a long time into the story , providing us with a biographical glimpse into the director 's life . He remembers back to his childhood when he paid a loose woman to show off her private parts to a group of children . This is told through black and white footage and shows the boys running across an Italian beach . When the woman comes out of her hut , `` Be Italian '' begins and the story cuts back and forth from the footage at the beach to a full-blown musical number featuring singer Fergie -LRB- from the Black Eyed Peas -RRB- as Saraghina . As the musical number progresses , you begin to realize Saraghina and the many other women in the number are actually on the soundstage back in the studio in Rome , it 's iconic roman arches ever present . Yet , the singers are sitting on wooden chairs and flinging sand around . It is a visually striking musical number and quickly establishes how the film will unfold.Not only do we start to get a feeling for Guido 's life leading up to this crisis , we also realize he is , in fact , remembering things that will eventually make it into the film he has to make next . His memories are showing him his next film , guiding him through the narrative before he writes it.Later , when Carla -LRB- Cruz -RRB- arrives at the Spa , she sings the song `` Guido , Guido , Guido '' ; cavorting around in an outfit Victoria 's Secret would be smart to copy . Carla is deeply in love with Guido and dances using pink velvet ropes and silk.Judi Dench is surprisingly good when her turn comes . As a major influence in Guido 's life , he turns to her for support , guidance , a stern word when needed . She reveals a lot about her background as a fashion designer when she sings the song `` Folies Bergere '' , about her early life designing costumes for the racy nightclub in Paris . Dancers in costumes reminiscent of the popular Parisian show dance around the same Roman arches.Kate Hudson is also very good as Stephanie , a young American journalist in Rome writing about the director for a magazine . She follows Guido to the spa and flirts with him , the sexual tension increasing exponentially . This footage is intercut with Hudson and a slew of dancers performing `` Cinema Italiano '' , which is , I believe , the one new number written for the film . The musical segment is a lot of fun , very fast paced and done as a tribute to the 60s . Hudson seems to be channeling some of her mom 's early persona in the performance.Marian Cotillard and Nicole Kidman are the two most personal female relationships in his life , so their numbers are more introspective and romantic.Sophia Loren plays Mamma and it is great to see her on screen as Guido 's conscience . But her musical number is least successful because she does n't appear to be as good a singer or as comfortable singing . It is more of the `` talking lyrically '' type of song people generally do when they ca n't do a real musical number.Overall , the musical numbers are very good . Will they be memorable enough to be remembered in a decade ? Two ? Three ? Will Robert Osborne 's clone talk about the film one day on Turner Movie Classics ? I do n't know . But they are fun to watch.This is one of those films set in a very specific place where everyone has a different accent . This aspect of the film reminded me a bit of the big budget films produced in the late 50s and early 60s , the type filled with an International cast to ensure box office success around the world . Daniel Day Lewis ' Italian accent is impressive and even more impressive , he sings in the accent . Nicole Kidman does an okay job playing the Italian movie star . Marian Cotillard restrains her French accent and seems to be going for a more American sound . Penelope Cruz is just herself . Strangely , Judi Dench does n't attempt any accent other than her normal voice and her character is French . Altogether , a bit of a strange hodgepodge . I guess it 's better for some to not even attempt an accent if they ca n't do one . Hearing the actor 's normal voice helps you forget they should have an accent . If they did a bad one , you 'd never hear past it.Daniel Day Lewis is very good as Guido . At every moment , you can see and feel the world crashing in on him . Forced to attend a news conference to announce the new film , he tries to joke , to flirt , to laugh , all in an effort to hide the fact he has n't written one word of the script yet . He basically has no idea what the new film should be about . When members of the press get close to unveiling the truth , he flees to the spa.When he is presented with the opportunity to make a change in life , he seems close to taking these leaps , but ultimately the change seems to hard for him and he reverts back to normal . This only serves to drive his crisis.I think it is brave of Day-Lewis to take on this role . We have never seen him sing or dance before and he does a good job with the singing . When he breaks out into song , he retains his accent , never letting it falter.Either his dancing was n't up to the task , or his musical numbers just were n't designed to involve elaborate dance moves . His dancing resembles what kids would do on a jungle gym on the playground . Hoe holds onto bars and swings around them in large , lazy circles and slides his feet around.The film is set in Italy in the mid 60s . This gives the film a beautiful look ; everything appears romantic and almost fantasy like.If you 're a fan of the genre , I hope you will make an effort to see this film . If we do n't support these works , Hollywood will stop making them . I can already tell you the names of two producers who will most likely never produce another musical again .
 NINESTARRING
 I HAVE BEEN LISTENING TO THE BAD REVIEWS ABOUT THIS EXCELLENT MUSICAL SINCE IT WAS RELEASED . ROB MARSHALL 'S CONCEPTION OF THIS BROADWAY MUSICAL IS BRILLIANT . WE ARE NOT SUPPOSE TO KNOW ANYTHING MORE ABOUT THE WOMEN IN DANIEL DAY LEWIS ' LIFE . JUST THAT THEY WERE PART OF HIS LIFE AS HE GREW TO MANHOOD . NO DIFFERENT THAN THE HIT BROADWAY MUSICAL . MARSHALL EFFORTLESSLY INTEGRATES THE SONGS WITH THE DRAMA . EVERY NUMBER AND I MEAN EVERY NUMBER IS A SHOWSTOPPER AND STAGED AS ONLY MARSHALL COULD DO . THIS IS A FIRST RATE MOTION PICTURE AND I THINK IT 'S BEEN UNJUSTLY IGNORED BY THE PUBLIC AND THE CRITICS . IT STANDS ALONE AS IT 'S OWN ENTITY AND CAN NOT BE COMPARED WITH CHICAGO WHICH IN IT 'S OWN BRILLIANT COMMERCIAL WAY IS ALSO A CLASSIC.NINE IS A COMPLICATED AND HIGHLY SOPHISTICATED MUSICAL THAT WAS N'T MEANT TO BE TAKEN LIGHTLY . THE PICTURE BELONGS TO DANIEL DAY LEWIS NOT TO THE WOMEN IN HIS LIFE.MAURY YESTON HAS WRITTEN A FANTASTIC SCORE AND COMBINED WITH ROB MARSHALL 'S DIRECTION IT FAR SURPASSES THE ACTUAL BROADWAY SHOW . I LOVED THIS FILM AND CAN NOT WAIT TO OWN THE DVD . BY THE WAY , NICOLE KIDMAN JUST HAPPENS TO SING ONE OF THE OUTSTANDING SONGS , -LRB- UNUSUAL WAY -RRB- , WRITTEN BY YESTON AND DRAMATICALLY PERFORMS THE SONG TO PERFECTION . IT 'S ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO SEPARATE THE SONG FROM THE DIALOGUE . CUDOS TO MARSHALL !!!!
 This is one of the best films I have seen in years . The acting is superb . Fellini would be proud . The structure of the film is spellbinding , and the end made me want to stand and applaud .
 I kinda knew that someone made at some point a musical about Fellini 's 8 & 1/2 , but by the time I went to the theater to see 9 , I totally forgot about it . It took me one minute to realize what this movie was about , as the Maestro was given access into one of the sets of Cinecitt&aacute; and the lights and the voices and the muses started to light-up the place . From there on , it was total bliss
 I really enjoyed this movie , thought it flowed well . I loved the `` Be Italian '' number-Fergie was amazing !! This movie is nowhere near as bad as many folks have said ... It is a sexy musical and no more lurid than any other movie produced these days ...
 I do n't remember ever being so mesmerized by a film . Every second you are dazzled by the energy and imagery . I actually had to take a deep breath when the credits rolled because I 'd been so caught up I had been semi holding my breath the whole time . Why this did n't totally sweep the awards is beyond me .
 I 'm going to set some ground rules here for my review . First of all , I am a HUGE fan of Federico Fellini . I consider his masterpiece , ` 8 ' , to be one of the best films ever made ; ever . When ` Nine ' was being hyped as this great piece of musical cinema I was skeptical . How can they make ` 8 ' a musical ? I mean , I knew that it had been done -LRB- on the stage -RRB- but it just seemed very , very wrong . Besides , casts that wet with talent usually fall the pieces . In fact , at the beginning of last year I boldly predicted that this -LRB- along with ` The Lovely Bones ' -RRB- was going to be a big flop . I was kind of right on both calls.With all that in mind , I walked into ` Nine ' with really no expectations other than disappointment . Since I was expecting disappointment I knew that I really could n't be too disappointed . All this film had to do was suck royally and it would pretty much meet my expectations.It does n't suck.One thing that I will say , and many will debate me on this , is that Rob Marshall knows how to make a musical . I actually really appreciate the way he crafts the musical scenes in his films . By distancing the songs from the actual film itself , segregating them for sound stages that resemble the theater , he gives them credibility and a certain seductiveness that I really adore . The camp quality of the musical is stripped away to reveal something rather enthralling . I noticed this with ` Chicago ' . While overall both films suffer in some areas and wind up a tad uneven and overwrought , both films are undeniably lavish and eye-catching . ` Nine ' is one of the most beautifully staged , beautifully edited , beautifully costumed , beautifully filmed films of 2009 . Sadly , this film falters in some key areas.Any fan of Fellini 's masterpiece will notice that the films focus seems to be shifted . I have never seen the stage musical , so I 'm not sure if that was something done from the beginning or something done for this film adaptation alone , but I found the central theme to be altered . After watching ` 8 ' , I walked away understanding the conflicted mind of the visionary . You have a director who struggles to stay true to himself and complete something he is proud of while battling those around him trying to condition him to their own needs and wants . Sure , he is selfish , but so is everyone else . ` Nine ' seems to disregard the artistic side of Fellini 's story and mainly focuses on Guido 's affairs with the women in his life . Because of this shift , the film loses some of its credibility because it starts to appear common . There is nothing special about a story of a philandering husband who chases tail every chance he gets.There needed to be that something deeper here.When you separate the films source from the actual product , there is little to chastise though . I am not the biggest supporter of Daniel Day-Lewis . I find him -LRB- like Denzel Washington and or Tom Hanks -RRB- to be ridiculously overrated . That said , I loved the first half of his performance here . He was fun and fresh and exiting and funny and charming and it was just superb . Granted , the second half tended to become a little one note and uninteresting , but that first half was simply flawless . In fact , the entire cast works rather well . Judi Dench and Marion Cotillard -LRB- who should have received the Oscar nomination over Penelope Cruz -RRB- are the standouts for me . Cotillard especially is ridiculously astonishing here , selling every ounce of pure emotion with her musical numbers . Both numbers are key moments in the film , and she really is the ONLY one here who understood how to act while singing -LRB- take that Jennifer Hudson -RRB- . Dench is witty and charming and delightful . Cruz is very good , but her one big number falls very flat for me . Hudson 's performance is enticing , but her musical number is so overly obnoxious I was kind of disgusted . Loren and Kidman do n't have a lot to do , and Kidman 's voice has trouble pushing through some of her notes , but they do n't take anything away from the film -LRB- in fact , Loren adds a little class that I really enjoyed , especially when you consider how raunchy the film can get -RRB- . And Fergie ... let me just say that her number was AMAZING!In the end I have to admit that I liked this film more than I ever imagined possible . It is flawed , but it is also a lot of fun . I give it a solid B , and I 'm very happy with that . Cotillard is astonishing , Day-Lewis is in rare form , Dench is delightfully snappy and the costumes , cinematography , set pieces , film editing and choreography all come together to create a visual feast that proves very appealing .
 Story 4 star-female performances 5 star . The extensive bonus material explains the casting preceded the writing . It makes the musical . The 7 female leads each have a musical production number and they fit the actress/singer to the ` NINES ' . Each actress ' ability is emphasized by the music , writing , and character . Some B/W segments blend into the production aesthetically.Director Contini -LRB- Daniel Day-Lewis -RRB- apparently is also the writer and has 10 days to get a script and begin filming the already promoted film `` Italia '' . His last 2 films were flops . his life is in a flop -- complicated by 7 women in his life . It appears he 's been naughty with all of them but his mother -LRB- Sophia Loren -RRB- & costume designer -LRB- Dame Judi Dench -RRB- . Other lady stars are
 This film is very worthwhile . This has been criticized for lacking focus and being distant . Well the answer is simple , look closer and delve into the nature of the characters . Almost all flaws will disappear . Daniel Day Lewis always shines and stuns us once again with his dazzling versatility . The music is great and the supporting cast is equally impressive . Musicals adapted to the screen as usually hard to watch but Marshall adds his scintillating touch to make them special . I highly recommend this anyone who enjoyed Chicago -LRB- 2002/I -RRB- and enjoys musicals in general . Your opinions of your favorite actors will be changed for the better .
 The movie NINE is one of the most interesting musicals to come out this past year . Some of the key aspects of the movie is Daniel Day Lewis ' character named Guido who struggles to make a hit film . Day Lewis ' acting and singing in the film was superb . I have never been let down by any of his performances which usually always deliver . The other performances were good , but not great unlike Daniel Day Lewis -LRB- who is one of the greatest method actors of our time -RRB- . One of the biggest complaints is the sexual content of the movie . I never had problem with sexual content in other movies until this one . The movie was overly sexually explicit without being overly explicit . This was the problem . They teased the hell out of the female characters . Every scene with them were really sexual in the fact that they tease you without showing something . I would n't have had a problem at all if they would have showed some nudity . It seemed like all the scenes were a build up to that , but nothing happened . Even if this movie carried a restrictive rating , I still think it could have been successful to where it 's at now . If you tease that long with the sexual content , you have to deliver with something . Another complaint was the musical score . It seems like a lot of the music was cliched sounding show tunes . Although the song Cinema Italiano had spicy bongo intro , it did n't really save the soundtrack . I did n't entirely hate the soundtrack , it 's just that I have heard this stuff before in movies and musicals.The Final Rating
 I love all the dance numbers , especially Penelope cruz 's and Fergie 's . They are entertaining and somewhat arousing . The rest of the movie is good but kind of slow here and there . You wo n't fall asleep watching it but you will start wanting the next music number to happen already . The acting is good enough and it 's worth a second watch .
 I absolutely loved this movie -- I mean , really , Sophia Loren , Judi Dench , Marion Cotillard , Penelope Cruz , Kate Hudson , Nicole Kidman , Fergie and Daniel Day-Lewis together in one movie ?? But , it is not for everyone . &#34; Nine &#34; is very European , and probably too sophisticated for most of the American audience these days . For those of us who were adults during the Fellini , Mastroianni era , it provides a microcosm of the Italian movie industry of that time . The performances of the big musical numbers -LRB- who knew Fergie had it in her ?? -RRB- are alone worth watching the film . Marion Cotillard breaks your heart , showing how devastating it can be to love a man such as Guido . Daniel Day-Lewis delivers his usual &#34; spot-on &#34; performance as the tortured and lost Guido Contini , and , of course , the ageless , gorgeous Sophia Loren needs no description . I would also recommend the 11-minute companion film &#34; The Women of Nine &#34; in which Rob Marshall talks about making the film , and all the stars talk about what an extraordinary experience it was to be in it . I watched the little film first , and I 'm glad I did .
 It was modern and diverse musical . I love the songs and its raw sexuality . Guido Cantini is the main character and he tells his life story with the women .
 This item was sent unopened and in great shape . It also arrived on time for the holidays ! :-RRB- :-RRB- Thanks !
 I like everything about this movie . The music and dancing are sexy and seductive . Highly recommend if you 're into musicals .
 Films like NINE just do n't get made anymore.Exquisitely shot and vividly color graded , NINE pays tribute to the heady days of Italian cinema . It 's a simple story about Guido the auteur and director , his existential mid-life crisis and catharsis ... and of course , the women in his life.This is not a movie you watch to analyse for either music or plot . Some people obviously do n't get the vibe , and that 's understandable . This is a textbook example for how to make a visually stunning film , layered with nuances . The lighting , cinematography and art direction -LRB- for which it earned an Oscar nomination -RRB- truly stand out.I was actually amazed that film like that could be funded and made in this day and age - by the Weinstein brothers no less - for a reported $ 80 million!So a monument to excess - or a celebration of the romance and beauty of cinema ? I 'd say the latter . NINE was never going to be a box office smash , but more of a showcase of art . Kudos to Director Rob Marshall who really does know what he 's doing here . And watch it for the stellar cast who bring themselves completely to the role and enjoy themselves thoroughly . It 's a rare opportunity to watch Penelope Cruz , Judi Dench , Nicole Kidman and Marion Cotillard singing and dancing - I 'd say that 's worth it right there .
 This movie was very intense and dramatic . Every moment was a real emotion-clencher ; you could put yourself in the women 's shoes and feel what they were feeling . Our main character was tugged in every direction ; his `` passion '' becomes his un-doing !
 As we like Sophia Loren films . this is part of our collection . She looks great for over 70 , and the story and music we also liked . Cheers - chris and rosita
 Today , I went to see Rob Marshall 's new musical , Nine , obviously based upon the Broadway musical of the same name , that based off Fellini 's 81/2 . It should be mentioned that the movie contains not quite as many songs as the stage performance does , but , each actress in the wonderful cast having one song , and the way the songs are presented , it certainly works.Daniel Day-Lewis leads the cast , playing Italian filmmaker Guido Contini , who is about fifty , and going through something of a midlife crisis . Lewis brings alot of panache to the role , belting out his lyrics with such assurance that this part has been well-practiced and a certain amount of passion has been brought into it , playing the character perfectly.His long-suffering wife Luisa , splendidly re-imagined , not played by Marion Cotillard , is the one gem in the cast that outshines all of its other members . You feel emotion for her character that you do n't feel for the others , you can tell that her character has been through alot , and you 're happy to see her come out on top at the end.Penelope Cruz also adds alot to the film , playing Contini 's mistress , Carla , a role that 30 Rock 's Jane Krakowski played on Broadway , Cruz also brings alot of emotion and sass , often simultaneously , to her role . You really understand Contini 's predicament , and sympathize with the character , for not being able to break her heart , or that of his wife . Her musical number brings alot of excitement , and her enthusiasm , and her roaring Soprano is unlike anything we ever thought we 'd see from this actress . I see her winning awards a-many for her performance in this.Dame Judi Dench , always worthwhile , plays Lilli , Contini 's wisecracking costume designer and confidante . Dench brings comic relief , having more scenes than any other of the actresses in the film , but also brings depth , playing a kind of a psychiatrist to the lead character , and also bringing a fantastic voice , for her musical number , which contains many chorus girls in feather boas , you think you 're watching The Rockettes or something out of A Chorus Line , but for the song , it certainly works.Fergie plays Saraghina , a figure from Contini 's youth who taught him about love , and how to attract a woman . Fergie only has one scene in the movie , basically . She shows up in the overture , and finale , but , her only big scene is her show-stopping musical number Be Italian , which generated applause in my theatre . It makes me wonder if they used Fergie less , because maybe her acting talents were not up to par . I guess we 'll never know , but her singing voice is something we did n't even expect from her , as she belts the lyrics with such undeniable passion and exuberance , you 're glad this minor role was played by her.Nicole Kidman plays Contini 's muse , actress Claudia Jensen , who is mentioned in the film 's beginning , then disappears until close to the movie 's end . I kind of feel like Kidman 's obvious musical talent , displayed previously in Moulin Rouge , come off as a bit underused , because she has one of the best singing voice among the cast and she only has one song . That 's one of the few things that bugged me about this wonderful movie.Kate Hudson plays American magazine journalist , Stephanie , who is n't in very much of the movie either , but Kate Hudson 's big musical number , Cinema Italiano , written specifically for the movie , is amazing . I hate to use the word `` amazing '' , because I think it 's overused and it 's lost its affect , but it 's the only way to describe this scene , the way that director Rob Marshall cut the number , switching from sequences in black and white , then color , then black and white again , it 's a truly unique experience that you really need to see to completely understand . And here 's a surprise , Kate Hudson can sing . I thought she was only cut out for mid-level rom-coms , but I 'm glad to say I was wrong , she definitely fits in with the musically talented cast of this movie.Sophia Loren plays Contini 's mother , who is tragically underused , but brought in at the right times in the movie . She , again , only has one song , but it feels like enough , for this actress , who 's still looking great , at age 75 , bringing drama to her role , and she gives more than she needs to , but it 's certainly good to see her onscreen again.The direction of the movie is just as much one of the stars of the show . Rob Marshall , having directed Chicago and Memoirs of a Geisha knows a thing or two about grand-scale production musical numbers and high-octane drama , and he brings it all to this film , although some of the songs are cut in a way that feels chaotic and rushed , but I think it does n't hurt the movie at all . It 's a movie built on high caliber acting , beautiful music , and gorgeous imagery , and it 's something you have to see for yourself . It 's that good .
 This DVD was just as expected ... came on timre and as expected !! I was very happy with this order !
 Product was exactly as described and was received in a timely fashion . Plan to use for Christmas present . Thanks for a great purchase !
 Loved this movie . If you are a dancer or love dancing , you would love this movie . Some big stars in this movie also . A story within a story . You must pay close attention .
 I love this DVD . The special features are as exciting and fun as the movie.It 's wonderful . I saw the movie in a theatre but it 's even better at home.Buy it . Love it . A `` 10 . ''
 This transaction was handled rather well ; the delivery time was exceptional ... the merchandise was above average -LRB- I would have given the seller a 5-star rating for this sale , but I had to clean the disc so it would play properly -RRB- . Thanks !
 Just LOVED IT ! , Nine was full of heart and soul with a beat . Love the story , Love the music and Loved the actors , all perrrrfect ! Daniel Day Lewis is once again great ! Nice Job Rob ! Please never stop making your masterpieces ! Thank you !
 The costumes color light glitz and glammour really come through 100 % in Blu-ray Great Fun !!
 while the story -LRB- which is a loose version of 81/2 -RRB- is never fully explored we get an array of wonderful actors who can bring us the emotions we need to feel a little something . while none of them -LRB- including Daniel Day-Lewis -RRB- are given enough to fully deliver , the jaw dropping cinematography , sets , directing and musical numbers are enough to dazzle . it is certainly not perfect but we get enough good things to make it worth seeing . hopefully Nine with inspire more to search out 81/2 .
 One of the best movie adaptions of a Broadway musical I 've ever seen . I think 90 % of the critics , and certainly 90 % of the movie-going public , did n't have a clue as to what they were seeing . The musical `` Nine '' was a surreal , semi-autobiographical , 1970 's Broadway musical based on a surreal , semi-autobiographical , 1960s Fellini movie . It requires a certain level of knowledge and sophistication to realize that the story is not supposed to make literal , linear , dramatic sense anymore than `` 81/2 '' made literal , linear cinematic sense . But Rob Marshall is a genius , and this is film-making magic of a very high order.When Javier Bardem bailed out of the movie I was patently annoyed that they did n't bring in Antonio Banderas , who was sensational in the Broadway revival of `` Nine '' a few seasons ago . But after finally watching the movie , I found Daniel Day Lewis completely convincing as the middle-aged , angst-ridden , Italian movie director at the center of this psycho-sexual fantasy come to life . He is almost channeling Fellini.All the women from his life are knockouts , particularly Fergie in a jump-out-of-your-seat-scream-out-loud performance of `` Be Italian ! `` So jump out of your own seats and go rent `` Nine ! ''
 I saw the film shortly after it opened . I found it bewildering , fascinating and highly entertaining . I guess it was not a success but in my opinion , it was highly underrated . I rented it on Tuesday and ended up buying it yesterday . I really loved it the second time around . It completely captures the flavor and style of Fellini 's works without the deeply symbolic overtones . It is rich with the taste and atmosphere of the Italian films of the 1960s which was a genre I greatly loved . Although frankly speaking , most of those films were not appropriate for someone my age at the time . `` Not Recommended for Children '' was the only warning . Those were the days when films were not rated.One could not ask for a better cast . Everyone is simply brilliant . I can not recall any film that assembled so many award winning or nominated actors . At the core is the performance of Daniel Day Lewis , who as it turns out can dance and sing . In fact , there is no dubbing of vocal tracks . Well , I 'm assuming that because there 's mention of vocal issues during Rob Marshall 's commentary.Definitely one of the finest film versions of a stage musical I 've ever seen . I saw the original production many years ago and admired it for taking a difficult piece and making it work . But my reaction to that production was not as strong as my reaction to this film . As stated , this is an excellent film version , with additional numbers where necessary . Same plot but not a carbon copy by any means .
 Despite some of the not-so-good reviews the film received -LRB- though it also received plenty of raves -RRB- , this movie has got it all . I think some of the critics judged it harshly because of its stellar cast , as though they would sound more profound by doing so . I saw the musical on stage several years ago , and they did a great job of tweaking the story for film . Nicole Kidman may not have a great voice , but boy oh boy does Marion Cotillard -- her perfomance is SO MOVING !! -- and Penelope Cruz is simply a knockout -LRB- who knew she could sing so well ? -RRB- . I liked Nine way better than Rob Marshall 's earlier film , Chicago ; the themes are much deeper , and I was thinking about the story long afterward -LRB- in other words , Nine is more than just some `` entertaining musical '' ; it is honestly thought-provoking -RRB- . I highly , highly recommend this film !!
 Even though many people have reviewed this movie saying that it is not very interesting or good , I found the movie amazing , and I could n't imagine how anyone could not fall in love with Guido Contini 's story . How they could not be pulled into such drama and madness confuses me . This movie is one of my favorites . Daniel Day-Lewis , Marion Cotillard , Pen&eacute;lope Cruz , Judi Dench , Nicole Kidman , Kate Hudson , Fergie , and Sophia Loren come together to make a movie that will enthrall you and leave you speechless .
 Nine is a cinematic masterpiece . The cast is top notch and the musical numbers and cinematography are compelling and exciting . I actually preferred this move , by Rob Marshall , to the actual Broadway show . Marshall 's artistry is seductive and intense and very much in line with his version of `` Chicago . '' I simply can not stop watching this DVD as it is very addictive !
 Guido Contini , a famous Italian director , is struggling with his next big film . He has no script and no inspiration , but everyone is counting on him . He tries to juggle both his new film , his wife , his mistress , his producer . a female reporter , his costumer designer , and his muse . Oh yeah , he also talks to his dead mother.Director Rob Marshall pushing his cast of season vets -LRB- Acsdemy Adward Winners Daniel day Lewis , Sophia Loren , Nicole Kidman , Marion Cotillard , Pen&eacute;lope Cruz , and Judi Densh with Kate Hudson , Fergie -RRB- into a corner with the quick oacing.the musical number and their production values are amazing . Other than the cast 's musicals numbers , they seem like they have nothing to doThis film reminds me more of All That Jazz that 81/2 which the musical is based upon . Joe Gideon has nore meat on the chracters bones that guido does . Lewis tries to bring life to Guido , but he seems like he is going thru the motionsI rating four stars because of the musical numbers.there production values remind me of old hollywood musicals.if they chucked the stories and just kept the numbers , it would make a great movieBennet PomerantzAUDIOWORLD
 It takes a little getting used to this movie . I was n't sure about it when i sawthat Daniel Day Lewis was a lead in a musical about an Italian movie director.Well ... I was Pleasantly Surprised . First , ther is Mr. Lewis ... He is a FINE actor.He is different in Everything he does ... this movie was a Stretch , but he became `` Guido '' which is what good actors do ... they become their characters ... SophiaLoren is also in the film as his mother ... and is CLASSY . Judy Dench is Very Goodand sings which I found Surprisingly Good ... The movie is hard to follow at first , as you see and hear songs which are sung by the movie 's characters , but also as the products of the thoughts of the protaganist `` Guido '' ... that is tough to follow , and Guido himself is not an easily likable character . The FUN of the musical is seeing and hearing performances by Fergie , Penelope Cruz , and Nicole Kidman among others ... . I personally enjoyed Nicole 's song and Penelope 's best ... By movie 's end I found myself more sympthetic to Guido ... and unlike `` All that Jazz '' ... it was nice to see a happy ending for the main character.Is it a traditional musical ... ? No , and as an Italian-American ... the `` be Italian '' stuff used to promote the movie is `` Silly '' ... Still , if you enjoy Mr. Lewis ' work ... and Ms. Cruz ... and Fergie , and Nicole ... Judy ... Sophia ... etc. . . Buy it . You wo n't go and buy the CD of the soundtrack ... and you may watch it once in a while , but its GOOD work ... and Better then reviewed by some others here ... but a matter of `` taste '' also . Atreides
 I finally got around to watching the DVD of NINE today . I had planned on seeing it in the theatre but the reviews were lukewarm at best so I held back . Sorry I did frankly . This was by no means the turkey it was portrayed to be , with performances and production design that made it really pop.Someone here on Amazon commented that those of us who love musicals should support works like this . I agree . Whatever flaws there are in this film are the flaws I found in the orignal material when I first saw it back in the day . And Judi Dench in a boa singing about the good ol days at the Follies Berger is worth the price of admission .
 Contrary to what a lot of others say I found that Nine is an excelent movie . Of course there are a few flaws such as the inability of a couple of the actresses to sing -LRB- Judy Dench -RRB- . It is true that it does not follow the Broadway production very closly but I think it is for the best . The movie is artistic and vibrant , with great songs and beautiful people . I think that this is am awesome musical .
 I enjoyed `` Nine '' very much , a lot more than the stage version . I have n't read the other Amazon reviews , so this is my fresh opinion . Comparing the multi-layered Fellini film to this musical extravaganza is silly . Fellini 's `` 8 '' was edited in a way that left the viewer exhausted . To adapt a tale like that to the musical stage is bound to annoy film purists . On the other hand , you have the creative mind of Rob Marshall to provide added life to the already heralded musical version . There seems to be nothing he ca n't do with the tenuous status of the film musical . One can not deny the brilliance of `` Chicago '' or `` Dreamgirls '' , and `` Nine '' is simply another feather in his cap . Along with Tim Burton 's abridged `` Sweeney Todd '' , Rob Marshall has provided a `` new '' version of the Hollywood Musical that must be respected for his dedication to form and style . A less stylized version of Bob Fosse , no one has provided a better -LRB- and consistant -RRB- quality of musical film entertainment . -LRB- Randal Kleiser 's `` Grease '' , and Attenborough 's `` A Chorus Line '' should be included somewhere in there -RRB- . The Broadway-to-film musical is still alive , thanks to visionaries like Mr. Marshall.If there 's a Guiness record , this may be the most Oscar winners in any film in principal roles . Always great to see the very fine Sophia Loren . I was entertained very much by this film . To compare it to a stage show or dramatic film is pure nonsense . I ca n't think of a better film version of the story , as a musical . Sets , costumes , and no end of period detail is spared . DVD extras were fine .
 Guido , a famous and talented Italian director , has no idea what his new movie will be about . His conscience is quite troubled and confused , which is making it impossible for him to come up with the script of the new movie . All of his inner feelings and deep thoughts come out in the form imaginery music and songs , which help him eventually come up with the movie he wants to make.Interesting musical , not as good as Moulin Rouge but better than Chicago
 Being ignorant of Fellini 's work and the Broadway musical upon which ` Nine ' is based , I recommend watching it for the performances of the women who render some enjoyable performances . Penelope Cruz gets to show great range in the movie from her scorching performance of `` A Call From The Vatican '' to her `` cry for help '' scene in the hotel room . Marion Cotillard 's poignant rendering of `` My Husband Makes Movies '' resonates with longing and sadness and is done quite well . The choreography is energetic and unique , the music is well-arranged , and the direction is wonderful -LRB- much like Chicago -RRB- . So why did Nine receive less than favorable reviews and did n't do well at the box office ? Answer
 `` Nine '' has taken the same circuitous route to the big screen as `` The Producers '' did a few years back . First , it started out life as a beloved movie - in this case , Fellini 's classic 1963 `` 8 '' - then got itself reincarnated in the form of a Broadway musical -LRB- undergoing a name change in the process -RRB- ; finally it got adapted back into a movie by the trusty hands of Hollywood , much to the consternation , apparently , of most of the nation 's film critics.The original movie was a phantasmagoric blending of memory , reality and wish-fulfillment fantasy , focused on a major Italian film director caught in creative crisis -LRB- a figure obviously based on Fellini himself -RRB- . Daniel Day-Lewis takes on the role , made famous by Marcello Mastroianni , of the filmmaker -LRB- now named Guido Contini -RRB- who `` has nothing left to say '' - either as a man or as an artist - a man so harried and hounded by producers , subordinates , reporters , detractors , sycophants , and assorted hangers-on that he sneaks away for a rest-cure at an out-of-the-way health spa . With all his creative juices dried up and feeling that he will have a nervous breakdown if he has to make even one more statement or executive decision regarding his film , Guido , like many of us , believes he will find the peace he so desperately yearns for by retreating from the outside world . But Guido soon discovers that there is no escaping from the people and pressures of the world in which we live - nor from our religious and familial upbringing - for they are each of them an integral part of the fabric that makes us who we are.Visually , `` Nine '' captures all the flash , dash and excitement of life among the glitterati in the Eternal City circa 1965 . In terms of plot and incident , the Michael Tolkin/Anthony Minghella screenplay -LRB- itself derived from Arthur Kopit 's Broadway adaptation -RRB- follows the original fairly closely , but what 's missing is the spark of cinematic genius that Fellini alone could bring to the material . But can one reasonably have expected that , anyway ? As a director , Rob Marshall does an impressive job re-staging the dramatic portions , but he certainly does n't have Fellini 's flair for the carnival-like atmosphere for which the maestro is justly famous -LRB- but , then again , who does ? -RRB- . However , as with `` Chicago , '' Marshall demonstrates that he knows how to slide in and out of the musical numbers without being unduly jarring about it . That ` s particularly challenging given that most of the numbers - which serve as reflections of the characters ' thoughts and feelings and the movie 's themes - are done largely on surrealistic soundstages , as opposed to the on-location filming of the non-musical portions of the movie.No surprise , Day-Lewis is superb as the dashing but world-weary director -LRB- truly as much a celebrity as an artist -RRB- , perfectly capturing the angst , frustration and conflict taking place deep within the soul of a creator who still has so much to say - despite his protestations to the contrary - but not the slightest clue of how to say it . Guido is clearly trying to be a good person , but all those inner demons are doing their best to thwart him at virtually every turn . There are many moving moments of deep introspection , as Guido contemplates the direction of his life and the effect his actions are having on the people he loves . I 'm going to go out on a limb here , and it may sound like blasphemy even to say this , but Day-Lewis lets us see his character 's pain in a way that even Mastroianni himself did not . Interestingly , by tamping down some of Fellini 's cinematic `` distancing devices '' and icy-cool tone , the movie actually allows us to relate with Guido on a more personal level and to care more deeply about his plight.Marion Cotillard replaces Anouk Aimee as Guido 's devoted but longsuffering wife who knows about her husband 's infidelity and who suspects he has become a filmmaker as a means both of avoiding having to deal with real life and of achieving personal forgiveness and redemption for himself ; Penelope Cruz stars as Guido 's flighty mistress , whose sudden appearance at the spa throws Guido 's world into a tizzy ; and Sophia Loren puts in an occasional appearance as Guido 's recently deceased mother who gives him words of advice and comfort from beyond the grave . Nicole Kidman portrays Claudia , the beautiful young starlet who loves Guido but ultimately refuses to be just another of his numerous `` conquests . '' Judi Dench plays the fashion designer who appears to be the one level-headed and brutally honest person whom Guido can turn to for advice and support . And all of them are excellent.One thing that `` Nine '' has going for it that `` 8 '' did n't is the perspective that comes with the passage of time . When the original was released , it WAS `` Italian Cinema '' - and everything that went along with that term . As a result , the movie was totally unconscious of itself and the place it and other films of its time period would occupy in movie history . `` Nine , '' with the ability to look back on the era from a much later perspective , is able to convey all this in a way that those earlier films , including `` 8 '' itself , could not . In this sense , `` Nine '' sees `` 8 '' more as an artifact than as the contemporary trailblazer it was in its time.As with all remakes and `` re-imaginings '' of classic works , we must finally ask ourselves the crucial question
 After reading everyone else 's thoughts , I think it not out of play to join in ... I watched this last night with a friend , and was quite entertained . I did not think too deeply on the message of the filme , for I did not feel there was much of a message but to tell a story and amuse you the viewer . The plot line was a little confused , simply because it was not clear this was going anywhere ... however , I found the performances quite enjoyable , some of the song/dance numbers captivating enough to go back and see a second time , and my girl Kate Hudson leapt off the screen in a performance I never thought one might associate with her . Penelope Cruz heated up our living room , and I counted myself glad not to have any kids to wisk out of the room.So , concluding my opinion , a fun movie and worth the rental -LRB- I bought mine -RRB- , and worth a second viewing or more ... but not for you if you need something more cerebral or soberly serious .
 When Lilli de Fleur -LRB- Dame Judi Dench -RRB- complained that the Italian movies of the 60 's were too existentialist , that `` love can not be love without ` le singing , ' '' she may have very well been describing `` Nine , '' the musical adaptation of Federico Fellini 's much revered `` 8 . `` Whereas Fellini 's autobiographical masterpiece told a depressing tale of a burned out director trying to find his 8 film while juggling the women in his life , `` Nine '' instead tells a depressing tale of a burned out director trying to find his ninth film , while juggling the women in his life ... with a little razzle-dazzle ! As the director of 2002 's `` Chicago , '' Rob Marshall is no stranger to the musical genre , bringing to the film the same sensibilities that he had brought to his previous star-studded musical outing . Once again , the musical sides of the various characters come alive not through the literal song and dance , but through the same daydream motif that Marshall had previously used in `` Chicago '' . Using Fellini 's picture as a framework , many elements from the original remain largely preserved , though the bittersweet relationships that guided the protagonist seem to have been under a magnifying glass , perhaps even sweetened , made more accessible and given that extra emotional hook for the audience , in the way that only musicals can.Certainly , the caliber of stars that the picture brings may have something with it too . With Daniel Day-Lewis , Penelope Cruz , Sophia Loren and even Fergie to name a few , this veritable who 's - who of Hollywood talent -LRB- ok , maybe not so much Fergie -RRB- truly elevates a dying genre with a surprising amount of dignity.Unlike certain other recent movies that have masqueraded themselves as musicals -LRB- I 'm looking at you , High School Musical -RRB- and even certain recent stage musicals for that matter , the songs in `` Nine '' by Maury Yeston mostly are able to remain catchy , and strangely relevant for a film firmly rooted in the past.Yet here is where `` Nine '' arguably fails . The message is by no means a new one , and to whom is this retelling addressed ? It is a movie in search of an audience
 BRILLIANT STAGE TO SCREEN - FINALLY - MUSICAL VERSION OF FELLINI 'S `` 81/2 '' -LSB- with due respect to Bob Fosse 's masterpiece - `` ALL THAT JAZZ '' -RSB- ROB MARSHALL who brought us `` CHICAGO '' a few years ago now absolutely dazzles with this homage to Felllini 's genius as well as giving us a rich , layered semi-sweet tiramisu.OSCARS ? Going to be very difficult since most of the cast either has one or a couple and the others are either nominees or will be nominees -LSB- Fergie - Wow ! This girl will blow you away ? Stunning - absolutely Stunning -RSB- Not a sour note - standouts?MARION CLOTILARD -LSB- who could easily morph into the actual Signora Fellini - Guiletta Masina -RSB- ~ Mme. Clotilard shows moments we have just not seen before - what an extraordinary artist from that simple little modest black dress into the stunning stripper bearing all . GOLDEN GLOBE NOMINEE - this artist deserves continued and continuous success - One can not take one 's eyes from her when she 's on screen - everyone else pales and diminishes when Marion is on screen - just her eyes alone speak volumes.OK - JUST WHY WAS THIS ARTIST NOT NOMINATED ????? Another standout is naturally Penelope Cruz - also moments we have just not seen on screen before - another exceptionally versatile actress . GOLDEN GLOBE NOMINEEBRAVO - PENI ON YOUR NOM.The rest ? Judi Dench , Kate Hudson , Nicole Kidman -LSB- morphing movie goddess Anita Ekberg stunningly -RSB- , and those lovely leggy ensemble dancers!Crowning all of this is the eternal SOPHIA LOREN - looking even more beautiful than ever - FOREVER MAY SHE REIGN - and the mesmerizing DANIEL DAY LEWIS as the tortured Guido -LSB- how different from `` There Will Be Blood '' and `` The Gangs of New York '' -RSB- . ALSO A GOLDEN GLOBE NOD TO MR. DAY LEWIS - EXCELLENT!SETS , COSTUMES -LSB- with the incomperable Colleen Atwood at the helm - who can miss - Ms. Atwood 's choices and end-results are always impeccable - another Oscar winner ! -RSB- , CINEMATOGRAPHY - FLAWLESS.Must mention the wonderful `` turn '' by Kate Hudson - another artist who never disappoints.This movie is just full of so many exquisite moments taken from Fellini and lovingly recreated by Rob Marshall and his team.NOT TO BE MISSED - DESTINED TO BECOME A CLASSIC.Let 's also take time to remember the ever-missed Raul Julia and the enchanting Anita Morris - who were/are indelible in the original Broadway Production.SEE THIS MASTERPIECE ON THE BIG SCREEN - NOW !!!!! THIS 2010 OSCAR NOM SEASON IS SO SO SO DULL !!!!!!
 Opinion on films is such an interesting thing , no two people feel the same way about the art offilm . What 's one man 's poison etc. ... `` Nine '' seems to have been dividing a lot of people . Reviewshave been almost ridiculously divided , after initial positive press -LRB- mainly in `` Variety '' -RRB- a couple ofmajor critics utterly trashed it . This seemed to play into a certain loathing of director RobMarshall , who , many in the film world resented the way a choreographer had risen from theranks to direct an Academy Award winning movie -LRB- ie `` Chicago '' -RRB- Others -LRB- especially in Australia -RRB- have been much more embracing of the film , the Sydney Morning Herald and the Sun Heraldboth gave it rave reviews . More positive reviews have been turning up every day , so much sothat today a lengthy advert appeared in the paper listing quotes . It ; s good to see some peopleliking the film as there is much to like.I went to the film very cynically , but it drew me into its world so much that I did something Ihavent done for years , I snuggled down in my seat and stayed and watched it again . I found thefilm quite enthralling , the boldness of Marshall 's vision , the performances , especially Day Lewiswho completely makes Contini his own and the magnificent Marion Cotillard among the highlights.Many of the fans of the stage show have been scathing of the movie . No one could be more fond of the stage show than I , but to film it as a stage show runs the risk of the film of the musical `` The Producers '' which stayed so loyal to the show that it is now viewed as little more than an ambitious filming of the stage text . Movies as we know are a different form and very few stage musicals have successfully made that transition . In only examining films post `` Chicago '' , I can only think of two that have come close to making a strong film of a hit stage show - '' `` Dreamgirls '' and `` Hairspray '' , neither are really great films and both heavily flawed in many ways , but they do manage to stay faithful to the book of the musical in some way while still being movies in their own right . I personally love `` Rent '' the movie , with all its flaws , as it has some great set pieces and a very strong heart , but it is easy to be very critical of it . The others including Tim Burtons ' failed attempt to translate `` Sweeney Todd '' to film , the uneven and hysterically undisciplined `` Mamma Mia '' , the languid `` Phantom of the Opera '' , all fail to really make the basic premise of the original text live as a movie in its own right . -LRB- In the case of : `` Mamma Mia '' one could argue - what text ! -RRB- `` Nine '' I believe makes the transition to film successfully by throwing out many of the songs and set pieces of the stage show while still holding on to the central theme of the show - that is , that for Contini to overcome his demons and his mid life crisis and understand his own womanizing , he has to embrace his inner child . This is the main theme of the Fellini movie as well as the stage show . The stage musical painted this theme in strong colours even to the extent of having the young Guido as part of most of the action and the musical numbers . He makes many appearances in the film as well and I was wondering without the two finally meeting and singing together in the final moments , how that embracing could actually occur . The final words Guido says to his little Guido in the stage musical are to give him advise to go and be embraced by his mother - `` I 'll be fourty and you 'll be nine '' . The movie ties this up beautifully without the song , we learn in the final moments that the film he is making is called `` nine '' it is clearly autobiographical and the little boy sits on Guido 's lap and the two sail high on the movie crane as Guido calls ` action ' . Yes we miss the colour and movement , the comedic touches of the stage show , the idea that Guido is going to make a musical of `` Casanova '' is much of the central premise of the stage musical , this would never work in film . Yet this is a more serious look at a man -LRB- now aged 50 not 40-more believable -RRB- in total crisis , the main four songs from the stage show are there , added with some nice new numbers anda sense of Fellini and Rome that is perhaps missing in the stage show . This is film of very European sensibilities , every aspect seems to breathe the central song 's theme `` be Italian '' , which may explain why some American critics have not `` got it '' . It will do well in Europe and I suggest better than expected in Australia . Commercially it can never be a `` Chicago '' , its theme is too personal , its canvas too subtle for the broard strokes of a musical bathed in burlesque and murder . Yet Marshall does allow his comic and musical homages ; Judi Dench resplendent in `` Folies Bergere ' is given her Sally Bowles moment , paying tribute to the role she so affectively created on stage , Kate Hudson deliberately cast in a production number that pays homage to the `` Laugh In ' go - go numbers her mother made so famous in the sixties , Nicole Kidman clearly be-decked out to look like Anita Ekberg in `` La Dolce Vita '' . Yet when Marshall turns his eye to his real leading lady ; Marion Cotillard , as the much dumped on wife-Luisa , this is when movie magic occurs . Watching her `` My Husband Makes Movies '' is breathtaking with Dion Beebe 's camera translating her every move onto a film canvas that illuminates her every word and thought , again her strip number , gets the point across as a worthy replacement for `` Be on Your Own '' her stage number in this part of the story scenario.In the stage musical Luisa leaves Guido when she sees he is making a mock musical of their own lives , in the film she leaves him when she sees the way he is handling a young starlet in a screen test , so similar to the beginning of their own relationship.For me `` Nine '' is a masterpiece and I agree with one Australian critic this week who linked it to `` Cabaret : '' and `` All That Jazz '' , putting it in the same company as `` Cabaret '' is praise perhaps a little too high , but it is up there with the best of musicals from stage shows . It hurdles the impossible gap between stage and film , but to truly love it , we must let go our memories of the wonderful way the stage musical told the story and embrace Marshall 's new vision of the same story.Let us hope this is n't the last musical he makes , he is a master of the craft , I would love to see what he would do with `` Pippin '' , `` Follies '' and `` Company '' , all stage musicals tipped to be made into movies . Let us hope the failure of `` Nine '' at the American box office does n't hold back this master from what he does best . !!
 Initially , `` Nine '' reminded me so much of other movies about grossly egotistical , gifted men of great talent -- particularlyAll That Jazz . Then I shucked that image and slipped inside the story and saw what it is about ... A man , a user of women , of his own talent in order to create a film , a perfect film to entertain , to remind audiences of their human frailty , triumphs , goodness , and badness . All that time he lives a life writ large , the life of a bohemian of ethics , a breaker of moral codes . All for what ? His own satisfaction of needs and addictions which feed his gift.Then unfortunately , but ultimately beneficially , he reaches his breaking point . Not all humans do . Usually , they continue the path of destruction , wantonness , illicit activities until they die . Guido Contini -LRB- played by Daniel Day-Lewis with powerful intensity -RRB- is haunted by images of women in song as they reflect/project his internal turmoil.At the end with losses abounding , Guido withdraws from the film and spends two years pondering his life , past and future . We see how it will go . The intensity has changed focus ... I loved this film . I was surprised . Although the film ends with no movie , the irony is that there IS a movie filled with powerful song and dance numbers by the women in his life . Clever . Kate Hudson is fantastic in the showstopper number
 I just watched the DVD of Nine , six months after it was released in theaters , and really regret never having seen this movie on a larger screen . I will not listen to critics again . I believe AO Scott of the New York Times deemed this `` unwatchable '' , and he could n't have been more WRONG.This movie is totally brilliant . From the opening numbers , with the great music and flair of a Bob Fosse , to the closing credits , I have n't enjoyed a movie as much since Fosse 's `` All That Jazz '' . -LRB- I enjoyed this more than `` Chicago '' -RRB- . Immediately I was stunned by the editing of the movie , which approaches genius level . I 've never seen such split second splicing of real moments , flashbacks , dream sequences ; interspersing of color with black and white images . Truly the most magical , memorable , interesting layering of a story I 've ever seen . -LRB- They fortunately did not use the short , fast-paced cuts of Baz Luhrmann in `` Moulin Rouge '' -RRB- . Daniel Day-Lewis totally transforms into his character . . his body language and posture , the pain in his face and eyes , gives truth to this very haunted man . What a joy to watch him sing and dance , and to move so lithely in this very physical role . How brave of him to take on this challenge . and how well he rises to the occasion.The musical numbers are breathtaking . I expected Penelope Cruz to be fabulous . . but she surpassed my expectations , as did each woman in succesion . Judi Dench was a surprise , with a large voice , and wonderful rendition of `` Folies Bergere '' . . complete with French accent . -LRB- The colorations and lighting in this number were so superb . . totally reminiscent of a Degas painting or poster - Rob Marshall totally gets this -RRB- . Fergie stole the show with her force and passion , a la Sophie Loren in Two Women , in a gorgeous show-stopping routine . Kate Hudson performed well , proving once again she is Goldie 's daughter , and can DANCE . In fact the cinematography is gorgeous is every scene , the lighting is exquisite , and every frame is evocative of a Rembrandt or Impressionist painting , and the black and white clips were so Fellini.The movie has depth , and is moving . . Marian Cotillard always brings great emotion to her roles . And Sophia Loren brought her inimitable , authentic Italian touch . . . and how fabulous she looks at age 76 ! . Rob Marshall did not get the credit he deserved for this movie . I only hope he will be able to raise the money for others like this uplifting , joyous film.My husband , who had been scared away by the critics loved this as well ... and would watch it again . So I guess I will buy it ! It 's definitely a do n't miss !
 This classic melodrama from the golden age of Mexican cinema was directed by Joselito Rodriguez in 1948 , and stars the great Pedro Infante.It 's the same story as Fannie Hurst 's `` Imitation of Life '' , first filmed in '34 with Claudette Colbert , and then in '59 with Lana Turner.The plot centers around a woman who does not realize her heritage , that she is actually the daughter of the black maid , and the `` patron '' . Born blonde , she was brought up as the wealthy patron 's daughter , and never told the truth . Infante plays the famous singer who marries her , and the video box claims this is his most dramatic role ... it is perhaps also his sweetest , bordering on the saccharine , but he is wonderful as always , and gets to sing several songs
 Filmed in 1948 , this Mexican movie is a cinematic gem . The film is sepia toned , rather than black and white , which gives it a very old-fashioned quality . Yet , the themes touched by this film are sure to move the audiences of today , just as it did those of yesteryear.The film takes place in Mexico and tells the story a wealthy , blond , Mexican beauty , Ana Luisa de la Fuente . She is an orphan who is taken care of by a black woman whom she calls Nana . This woman has taken care of Ana Luisa since she was little , and she adores and loves Ana Luisa as if she were her own . Unfortunately for Nana , Ana Luisa is a selfish woman , who looks down on those who are black or mulatto.A famous Mexican singer , Jose Carlos Ruiz , who also happens to be an orphan , falls head over heels in love with the autocratic Ana Luisa at first sight . He finally proposes , and she accepts . Nana is horrified and tries to stop the wedding from going forward . She is charmed , however , by Jose Carlos , who ends up o getting his way , as Juan Carlos is as democratic as Ana Luisa is autocratic . Instead , Nana ends up telling a priest her reasons for wanting to stop the wedding from going forward.It turns out that she is actually Ana Luisa 's mother . She had an affair with Ana Luisa 's father , who was white . When Ana Luisa 's father saw that the child was born white with blond hair and looked like him , he decided that he would keep her and bring her up as his own . The condition was that Nana could never tell her that she was really her mother . Instead , she would be her nanny . Ana Luisa has no idea that the woman she calls Nana is her biological mother.Though the priest counsels Nana to tell the engaged couple the truth , she refrains from doing so for fear that Juan Carlos would not marry Ana Luisa were the truth known . Shortly after the wedding , Ana Luisa gets pregnant , much to Nana 's horror and dismay . Sure enough , when the baby is born , the baby is clearly not white , and Ana Luisa rejects the child , a daughter , blaming Juan Carlos . Juan Carlos is also surprised when he sees the child , and Nana finally reveals her secret and tells him the truth . The priest now counsels Juan Carlos to make believe that it is his mother who was black , to account for the child 's color , as Ana Luisa has gone off the deep end over giving birth to a child who appears to be black . The priest tells him to wait until Ana Luisa learns to accept the child , and then tell her the truth about her parentage.This sets into play years of hell on earth for all those involved in this tragic state of affairs , as Ana Luisa will simply not accept the child . The charade continues , and as the child grows up , she realizes that her mother does not seem to love her , even though her father and Nana clearly adore her . How , when , and why the issue is finally resolved makes for some very dramatic , cinematic moments.Make no bones about it , this is a five hanky tear jerker , with fine performances by the entire cast . Is the film sentimental ? Sure , but that is one of its charms . It also has some fine , period music , as an outgrowth of the role of Juan Carlos . In order to view this film , it is recommended that the viewer understand Spanish , as the film does not seem to be available with English subtitles . Movie lovers who enjoyed such films as `` Imitation of Life '' -LRB- 1934 -RRB- , `` Imitation of Life '' -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , and `` Pinky '' will , undoubtedly , enjoy this little known , cinematic treasure . Bravo !
 This is a great movie it talks about the differences between colors wich are none . And how we should love each other nomatter what color we are , it also talks about a mother whom loved her daughter so much she could not tell her she was really her mother for she was black and the little girl was white , and my favorite part was when the little girl got older and had a little girl of her own and she was black , but that little girl could not understand why her mom did not want her , so she put white powder on her face and said she wanted her mom to love her more.This was just the most beautiful movie I ever saw and I was just about ten years old am 26 now but I never forgot this great movie I recomended 100 % .
 This is when movie making was at its best ! It shows the unimportance of skin color and the ultimate sacrifice some mothers make for their children and more importantly the unselfish love of a father for his child - which is rarely portrayed in movies.This is an ultimate tear jerker and if the movie industry is interested in a great remake - this is one they should really consider . The storyline would still work today .
 One day many years ago , I was flipping channels and came across a black and white movie with Pedro Infante -LRB- the featured actor of the day -RRB- . I do n't speak spanish , but the acting translated enough emotion to keep me interested . As the story progressed , I found myself intensely engaged in this heart wrenching story . I HIGHLY recommend this movie for anyone to watch !
 I remember watching this movie with my family when I was younger . When I saw it I knew I had to have it . I went and purchased one for myself and one as a gift to my parents . Definitely a must have .
 Beautiful movie I loved it llore tanto I cried so much . It 's amazing how much skin makes a difference in the world this movie is correct and I love it so much ! It made me become a better person and taught me that it 's not the skin that matters beauty is skin deep and now I love myself everyday , touching film for all those who hate on their color . Like I used to , but not anymore :-RRB- .
 I love this film and recommend it be viewed by families together , it is in the same vein as `` Pinky '' and Imitation of Life '' but goes further than those films or Hollywood dare to go in showing the foolishness of judging , rejecting or not loving one based on their race . It was because of this film I started to enjoy Mexican Cine and came to enjoy my spanish studies . Pedro Infante and cast shine and made me an admirer . Besides it made my mother in law , who has a black granddaughter cry . This film is a must have for my and everyones classic film library .
 I 'm so glad that some things have changed when it comes to race relations . The offensive manner in which blacks were depicted in the film made me cringe on a number of occasions . Perhaps it was due to the English subtitles . But being called a tar ball as if it 's something complimentary was highly suspect . Because of the translations this film was laughable when I 'm pretty sure it was supposed to be dramatic . What it was instead was melodramatic to the max ! If you 've seen Imitation of Life , you know the gist of the story . Except the white-looking black girl in this film does n't know about her heritage . And she detests blacks . Thinks they 're beneath her . I 'm giving this four stars because , as I 've said , I suspect the Spanish to English translations were messed up big time . Otherwise I think the actors were excellent . And I would not deign to malign their memory by calling their work horrible . The English translation , though , leaves a lot to be desired .
 EXCELLENT MOVIE . I SAW THIS MOVIE WHEN I WAS VERY YOUNG UNDER 10 YEARS OF AGE AND STILL REMEMBER IT TO THIS DAY . HAD TO BUY IT.THANK YOU
 This is a masterpiece from the Pedro Infante saga , shows how life can spit in your face when you feel you 're better than others , I watched this movie the first time when I was 5 or 6 and have loved it ever since .
 One of the best movies you will ever see . Pedro Infante is awesome !!! I keep watching it over and over again .
 I have been looking for this particular movie of Pedro infante , it is a remake from other actors who i ca n't remember too well , but Pedro Infante 's version is so much better . there is music , drama and even a little comedy , i love Pedro Infante and he is wonderful in this as well as the other actors , but he truly is the one that shines , this must be one of his best up there with `` nosotros los pobres '' , and `` la ultima palabra '' . have a tissue handy for this one !
 I watched this movie when a I was only a child , but I always remember alot of parts of the movie through out my life . Now that i 'm an adult I searched for the movie . I watched it with my family and we all enjoyed it very much . I lend it to all friends as well , is just the movie you want to share with the world .
 I usually dont like Pedro Infante 's movies , cuz they sing too much . . but i fell in love with this one . IT teaches u so much about family and the songs are very cute . Infante is such a legendy in Mexico . here in Peru it 's not that famous but we know about his history . I bought this VHS movie , unfortunalty it dosnt come in DVD but still is a great movie , great version
 I love this movie and I love Pedro Infante ! when the color does n't care , the only thing important are the feelings
 I ca n't beleive this ... I am 39 years old and remember watching this movie in my grandma 's house when Telemundo Puerto Rico aired . It is a great story that I would like my kids watch , so I ordered today ... I am very ansious to receive and watch it again so they can see the real world of some people people that think the color of the skin is the most important thing in the world.Highly recommended for the new generations ... Great acting ! Thanks Amazon for having this movie in your portfolio .
 I saw this movie many many years ago and have searched other web sites to locate this movie and did n't have any luck , my daughter found it on this web site and ordered it for me . I can hardly wait to receive it , as I have desired to see it again . I saw it in Juarez MX . a few years ago on a blk . and white TV .
 I seen this movie at age 12 yrs old . I did not no how to speak Spanish , My mother was letting me know what was going on . When I was around 27 yrs old I learned how to speak Spanish and got the movie , It was better then my Mom was telling me , a real tear jerker of a movie . now 43 yrs of age with a 27yr old girl ,23 yr old boy ,18 yr old girl , I had to tell them about the movie , and my 18 yrs old said I can not sell it on E-Bay . That it is hers . LOL so I gave it to her.Mona Vaughn
 The movie Disorder was exceptional . It was an edge of your seat thriller with lots of twist and turns that kept you enthralled the entire time.I recommend this to every suspense-loving movie goer .
 I think this was just a great movie . If you love scary movies , this one is a definite buy . The complex plot kept me wanting more . Just when I thought I had it figured out ... . well , you have to experience it for yourself.Saw it at a release in NY and ca n't wait to see it again !
 Suprisingly entertaining Giallo-esque modern phsychothriller . Considering the peanut-size budget and mediocre but willing performances , this manages to hold the attention in this everything-but-the-kitchen-sink twist on the slasher film . There were more `` surprises '' , false endings , and red-herrings that I could probably count ; I 'm not sure that 's a good or bad thing -LRB- for me it 's a GREAT thing -RRB- . I was impressed by the complexity , character archs , score , and presence of mood and some splashes of style here and there . I enjoyed the film thoroughly , a very nice suprise . This movie deserves to find an audience !!
 This movie really made my night.My friend Abby and I -LRB- see her review further down -RRB- rented the movie together after her colonscopy and needless to say , she was not in the best frame of mind after having had an unexpected delivery in the rear . Add to the fact that she suffers from the same paranoid disorder as the lead character in this film and I just knew I was in for quite a night . She did n't let me down.We popped some popcorn , hunkered down on the couch -LRB- after making sure she took all her meds -RRB- and we started the movie.It was quite obvious that this movie has a high production value , especially for a first-time independent film . This , of course , was lost on Abby as she was far too busy having an argument with her imaginary `` friend '' - the invisible dancing bear she 's named ` Pete . ' She then proceeded to slobber all over the front of her blouse while simultaneously banging her head on my coffee table . I had to pause the movie because I could n't even hear the dialog due to the pounding . She kept uttering the words `` Rolfs is gay !! '' and `` cheating , no-good , unemployed , needled-d ** ked LOSER !! '' while spitting into the air , but I could n't quite comprehend what the inner turmoil was that seemed to be causing her so much anguish , or who this `` Rolfs '' character was . He sounded like a complete waste of life from her description . Oh well , let her battle her demons if she had to - I had a movie to watch.I loved the twists and turns in the movie ; just when I thought I 'd had it all figured out , another plot twist occurred and had me confused all over again . It was just as well that Abby had taken to duct taping her legs together at that point because I believe the plot twists would have sent her right over the edge - again . And I was NOT going to sign her out of the state mental institution - again - by promising to be responsible for her by being her legal guardian . Been there , done that . No thanks.The lead actor , Darren Kendrick , gave a poignant portrayal of the deeply disturbed David Randall . I 'm no stranger to ` deeply disturbed ' - as witnessed by Abby 's systematic plucking out of her hair during the last half hour of the movie . When the action really heated up near the end , the half-bald Abby jumped off the couch , threw a colander on her head , and ran out into the back yard to wait for the `` mother ship . '' Once again , all the neighbors were pointing and laughing and I had to think of yet another excuse to explain away the nutcase who 'd come out of my apartment like a raging bull . God , that DOES get old.After dragging her back into the house , I watched the last 12 minutes of the movie spellbound - unable to take my eyes off the screen , even when I heard a loud crash coming from the bedroom and Abby whimpering . When the movie ended , I applauded loudly , so glad I 'd chosen this particular movie to entertain me that evening . I went into the bedroom to pull the chest of drawers off Abby and make sure she had n't broken any more bones . All clear - nothing broken.As I dragged her back into the living room , she was spitting mad at me and vowing she 'd write the worst movie review EVER for Disoder - simply because I 'd allowed her to stay pinned under the bureau in my room for the last 7 riveting minutes of the movie . Like it was such an inconvenience for her ... sheesh.So , do read her review with a grain of salt . I understand she had to dictate it to her mother to type as she 'd once again had to be restrained after another psychotic ` episode ' in the mall.Hey everyone - rent Disorder . It 's well worth it !!
 I am not usually a huge fan of psychological thrillers , but this one is great ! Eerie , suspenseful , and , most imporantly , believable . Very well done .
 Got ta say , Disorder rocks.I should know . I 've seen it about 20 times ! LOLHowever , there are OTHER movies online that people might find of great interest as well . There 's one in particular , centering around a character simply called `` Peter R. '' that is quite fascinating . This man 's tricks with his wife 's purple hair brush are not to be BELIEVED . And the shower scene is quite comical if not highly disturbing . It 's amazing what people can get up to when they do n't work and let their wives support them , is n't it ? Belive me , this release is NOT for the squeamish - or the normal.The funny part is that while the lead actor in Disorder is suffering from a psychological disorder , the star of `` Peter R. '' is not . He 's simply a deviant . Wonder what disorder THAT falls under?Oh well . In either event , The Peter R. story is simply a must-see for the Gay Pride community.Anyway , back to Disorder . Truly a mind-bending film . Get it .
 DISORDER is a surprisingly effective independent low-budget thriller , with plot twists and turns that make up for some of its holes.Darren Kendricks gives a good understated performance as David , a recently discharged mental patient who allegedly killed a young couple several years earlier . David 's history also includes the murder of his father by a masked killer who was never caught.David finds himself falling for the recently widowed waitress who works a his diner and in conflict with her possessive friend who wants to be her boyfriend . There 's a lot of tension in the film and one can almost feel David 's hopelessness and fear . Is he still a killer or is someone else out to make him look like one?The plot asks you to accept a lot but by the time it reaches its trick ending , I found myself involved and impressed . Not a classic but worth a look .
 I wish this was actually in 3D as it was in the theaters ! But it 's basically more of the same , but with slightly -LRB- ever so slightly -RRB- higher production values . Lots of these idiots doing incredibly stupid stuff , and more often than not it 's funny . Not suitable for women or anyone with a mind more sophisticated than a 12 year old 's , or not able to teleport their mind back to that time :-RRB- It 's utterly ridiculous , but hard to look away !
 Honestly you will walk away with your cheeks hurting from laughing so much . Always a fun movie and great cast .
 WATCH THIS MOVIE IT WAS GOOD AND YOU MUST BECAUSE IT IS A MUST SEE OF FILMS AND I ENJOYED IT !
 I laughed until I was blue in the face during 1 & 2 , but 3 only made me chuckle a couple times , and it made me feel like vomiting more than the others . Would I watch it again ? Definitely . It just is n't as fun as 1 or 2 .
 Wow , I 'm a guy who likes his television shows new and different , but even by my standards , The Riches is a strange show . Everything from the premise to the dialogue , even the odd accents and delivery of lines by Eddie Izzard and Minnie Driver , is pretty bizarre . Every episode is full of WTF moments , as the story gets more and more wild . But behind the surreal surface of the show , there 's something relatable . It gives us a poignant look at the ugly side of the American Dream , and it 's got some powerful moments . It also balances humor with very dark drama in a really great way . I highly recommend the series to anyone who wants to experience a show that 's truly unexpected and unlike anything else on TV .
 I 've never been the type of person to get excited over television . I like my sitcoms because they 're easy to follow , even if you miss a week , and reruns barely ever get old -LRB- I think I 've seen every episode of ` Friends ' twelve times over -RRB- , but aside from that I really ca n't say that the idea of following a shows premise all season long interests me . It 's easy for me to miss a week and then find myself lost and wondering what is going on . There are really just a few shows I 've watched religiously ; ` The Sopranos ' being one , another being the early seasons of ` Nip/Tuck ' -LRB- I lost faith after the disastrous third season -RRB- . Well , you can add ` The Riches ' -LRB- as well as ` Damages ' -RRB- to that short list . As we head further into season two I feel compelled to write my review of the first season before too much blurs together.Like I said , following a show all season long seems like a daunting task for me . When that show sinks its claws into you and refuses to let go though , you find it much easier to plop down in front of the TV every Tuesday night . That 's how things went for me with ` The Riches ' . After deciding the ` Nip/Tuck ' was so behind me I needed to find something to fill that void . I happened to stumble onto a encore showing of the pilot for this new ` provocative ' show called ` The Riches ' and within the first few minutes I was hooked . Watching this cute little girl con someone then turn around and reveal that he was a cute little boy was enough for me ; I was in.The shows premise is that of a traveling family -LRB- modern day gypsies -RRB- , the Malloy 's . Dahlia has just been released from prison and her husband Wayne and three kids -LRB- Di Di , Cael and Sam -RRB- have come to bring her home . Dahlia has her own set of problems , most instigated from the time she 's just finished serving , but when Wayne decides that the life of a traveler is just not for them anymore the Malloy 's find themselves in a hole heap of trouble . Segregated from the rest of their traveling family , which includes Dahlia 's crazy cousin Dale , the Malloy 's find themselves on the run for their lives . When an unfortunate accident costs a young wealthy couple their lives Wayne and Dahlia see this as an opportunity to change the course of their lives . Taking on the identity of Doug and Charlene Rich , the Malloy 's are now living the ` American Dream ' , but is it really all they could have hoped for.The show at times may stretch the boundaries of reality , but that is what makes it so much fun . The writers are smart enough to make what on the outset may appear implausible seem completely doable . Looking at the situations Wayne and Dahlia find themselves and the ways they purpose to survive them is enthralling and exciting beyond belief . What 's so great about ` The Riches ' is that it asks the viewer to really examine what makes them happy . As Wayne tries to turn his families life around and create a more stable and ` normal ' environment for his children he ultimately finds himself sacrificing the morals he has already set for them , and while Dahlia tries to support her husband she finds that her life is becoming more and more miserable by being someone that she does n't want to be . The children also have to adjust and decide if they even want to pursue a ` normal ' life if it forces them to change who they are inside.The acting is superb here . Eddie Izzard and Minnie Driver are phenomenal as Wayne and Dahlia Malloy . Izzard has impeccable control and becomes the stability in the show , while Minnie steals every scene with her acting range and emotional temperance . She conveys so much realism with her performance , it 's captivating and touching . All three actors who play the Malloy children are flawless . Noel Fisher captures Cael 's rebelliousness which is really nothing short of his outward display of disapproval with his parent 's new lifestyle . Aidan Mitchell is adorable as young Sam , the gender-bending son who ca n't seem to decide just who he really is . But it is Shannon Woodard who really shines brightest here as Di Di , the smart and yet torn daughter who battles herself with their new life , wondering if it 's perks outweigh it 's disadvantages.Each episode is littered with superb supporting performances by Gregg Henry who plays Wayne 's outlandish new boss as well as Margo Martindale who plays their nosey yet caring neighbor Nina.I ca n't think of a flaw here , at least not one large enough to deter anyone from enjoying the entire season . Season two has now officially begun and is building strong on its first season so I truly only see good things to come at this point . ` The Riches ' help make my Tuesday nights all that much more interesting and hopefully they can do the same for you . Leave it to FX to create something new and exciting and completely worthwhile . I may have just been conned out of my Tuesday evenings , but it was well , well worth it .
 Television could have been a wonderful enhancement to human existence , but for some reason has only served to reduce the quality of our lives.If TV had gone in the direction that The Riches does go , perhaps more people would be having intelligent conversations at the water cooler instead of discussing what Britney Spears is up to these days.The writing of the show is wonderful and complex and the performances of every actor , down to the smallest part , are exceptional . The story lines are not only duplicitous , but witty and thought provoking.You would be doing yourself a disservice to miss out on this show.I simply can not say enough good things about it.I was drawn to it because I 'm an Eddie Izzard fan , -LRB- I mean - the man tells historical jokes ! -RRB- and was not let down . Eddie and Minnie are just the cream on the top of all of these wonderful actors .
 I had only seen the first episode when I pre-ordered this and I am so glad I did n't let the rather somber tone prevent me from discovering the delight this series is . Eddie Izzard , sans drag :--LRB- & Minnie Driver both lovingly portray their multi-dimensional characters with such care that their portrayals are more than mere stereotypes . This family could never be easily pidgeoned holed as Trailer Trash given their obvious devotion to one another . The supporting actors portraying the children give no less than inspired performances . I really appreciate the nuances that are found in the fully fleshed out characters . Despite the storyline , these characters are more human than human and their family relationships and resulting dynamics make for a real treat . I still ca n't believe this show was ever made ...
 I 'm reviewing the season which I loved , Season One . This season was so fresh and new in premise that I hung onto each episode . It is great fun from first episode to last . The premise is that Travelers -LRB- American gypsies or Roms -RRB- substitute themselves for people who were killed in a car crash . They hid the bodies and then rolled into a moderate sized southern town as those people . Since no one in the town knew them , they were able to pull this off . The husband and father was a corporate lawyer and his wife was the perfectly tended 2nd wife . The dead people had no children but they add on their 3 children to the mix . These people have never lived in anything but an RV encampment and have lived on solely their wits for years . They are expert con men , even the children . Now they live in a gated community and must convince everyone in town that they belong . It is always a near thing because , of course , they do n't belong but they are excellent cons , both on a computer and off one . Wayne and Dahlia Malloy -LRB- Eddie Izzard and Minnie Driver -RRB- are the husband and wife and parents of this bunch . Eddie Izzard is a very well known British comedian and thus he is perfect for playing a man who has to live by his wits and become someone he 's not on a moment 's notice . Although everyone else is very good , Izzard is outstanding and it is impossible to picture the show without him . Season Two just did not come together for me like Season One did but I kept watching because Izzard was still so good .
 Excellent . However , a word of warning . Causes family fights when one person watches an episode without waiting for others . You must restart the dvd often as family members enter the room in mid-episode .
 It was actually Minnie Driver who attracted me to this show . I always liked but , never loved her . This show has made me realize how amazing a talent she is . If I did n't know she were an actor from the UK , I would fully think that she had been born in Alabama , Georgia or Mississippi her accent is that believable.She , like the rest of the cast , are perfectly cast in their roles . They all -LRB- Eddie Izzard , Shannon Woodward , Noel Fisher and Aiden Mitchell -RRB- tow the very fine line of family/liars in a perfect way . Plus I love the way the show adds the realism of `` believing the lie '' and its toll on the family.An extremely well conceived , written and acted show . I hope it gets the recognition and viewership it deserves !
 This show is fantastic . I 've seen every episode , some a few times . I ca n't wait for it to come on every week .
 Can not stop watching `` The Riches . '' This series pulls you in and wo n't let go . Eddie is a great actor .
 This is one of the cleverest and blackest comedies I 've ever seen . Eddie Izzard and Minnie Driver are stand-outs , but the entire cast -LRB- especially The Riches children -RRB- is brilliant !! Highly recommended .
 Love it . All the actors are great . Irish gypsies acclimate to a high-class lifestyle . In the first season its fascinating . 2nd season things start to degenerate and it becomes a little trite . But the actors are WONDERFUL . Love Minnie Driver in this role , love Eddie Izzards signature flourish that he peppers his dialogue with .
 Interesting story about white `` Bohemians '' trying to impersonate an upper class family ... The challenge to make situations -LRB- the father has to become a lawyer ... -RRB- believable is quite met by the writers . Very good acting , stunning Minnie Driver .
 I love this show . Best series I 've seen in years . The whole cast is great . I ca n't wait for it to come out on DVD and I 'm impatiently looking forward to next season .
 Great series they should not have cancelled it ! Enjoyed every episode amazon prime is terrific you can watch it when ever you want .
 It was this show that made me realize that the best programs were rarely on broadcast TV anymore . FX has taken unique risks with their programming . -LRB- Thanks forever , for giving Louie CK the room to do what he does best . Rescue Me had scenes so heartbreaking , I could barely stand it . -RRB- The Riches is a great metaphor for looking at the American Dream through a cynical lens , unique in its kind of subtlety and suspense . Eddie Izzard did great work , as did Minnie Driver . What a culture clash -- Travelers vs. Settlers . Why did it end ? I 'm so happy for the chance to go have another look at programming I miss . With streaming video I can really say , there is no such thing as moaning , `` There is nothing on . '' Now , there really is , always something worth watching .
 I loved this show when it was airing , so disappointed it was cancelled . I 'm very happy I can watch it anytime now .
 Great show ! Would have been better if the writer 's strike had n't interrupted it . Great story line and great cast ! Love !
 It 's too bad the show got canceled cause I enjoyed the tale of these gypsies . They happen to be at the scene of an accident and take over some rich folks lives . It 's very entertaining to see what they have to overcome in order to pull it all off .
 This show is amazing , once you start watching you wo n't want to stop . Eddie Izzard is incredible . I wish that the second season did n't end with a cliff hanger . I would recommend this show to anyone over the age of 14 .
 I 'm amazed that I never show this show when it was on the air ; it reminds me of Weeds . The more episodes that I watch , the more intense and tangled the show becomes ; again like Weeds . I like the blend of humor and drama , it is addictive .
 I originally started watching this only because Eddie Izzard was in it , simply because I find him to be amazing . However , the show in itself is just phenomenal . It 's very quirky , off beat and definitely filled with a dark comedy aspect . I do n't know if everybody will like it , but if that 's your style , you should definitely check it out . And even those who may not like it , have to at least respect how clever and original the show is .
 The Riches are really the Malloys , a family of Travelers -LRB- Irish gypsies -RRB- who have stumbled on the con of a lifetime . Things have not been going well for the Malloys lately . Dad , Wayne Malloy -LRB- Eddie Izzard -RRB- has been trying to keep the family going while Mom , Dahlia -LRB- Minnie Driver -RRB- has been serving time for a con gone wrong but has n't been doing so well . While at the Travelers ' camp the family gets into even more trouble putting the whole family on the run in their battered , old RV and causing them to cross paths with the Riches , Doug and Sherene and end up taking over their lives . At first the Malloys are planning to run a quick con but soon they fall into the ` buffer ' lifestyle they had always scorned . The parents decide to enroll their three kids , son Cael , daughter Didi and ... er ... Sam into school . As time passes and the family finds they can survive in the buffer world and realize that the Traveler world is not the safe haven they had always found it . As Season One ends the Malloys are in danger of losing both in a cliffhanger episode that will certainly draw the viewer back for Season Two.The style of this series is part comedy , part drama , even melodrama , and at times borders on farce . Things usually begin realistically enough but then one slightly unlikely over the top thing happens and then another taking the viewer from feeling the anguish of the family attempts to cope with Dahlia 's drug addiction to laughter as they manage to con their way out of yet another problem.This is a truly ensemble performance , not only are the leads -LRB- Izzard and Driver -RRB- convincing in the roles but all the roles are well written and well played . The three children , Cael , the oldest son who misses the Traveler life he understood so well , Didi , the teenage daughter who quickly realizes that life in the buffer world offers her an alternative to an early arranged marriage and Sam , the cross dressing youngest who is just looking a place to fit in anywhere are all especially well written and well acted .
 First off let me say The Riches really is one of the best shows in TV history as far as I am concerned . It is fresh and original which is a rare these days . Eddie Izzard is a freakin ' genius . Until now I have kept every episode on my Tivo and now I can just buy the DVD . Kudos also go to Minnie Driver for some of the best acting of her career . The story lines of The Riches have more twists and turns than a twisty turny thing.A bargain at double the price . I ca n't wait .
 Wow , I love this show . There is suddenly a big influx of fun , original shows and this is one of them . It 's so cool and addictive and I 'm hooked now.Minnie Driver is fantastic as Dahlia Malloy who is part of a family of con artists . She is on parole from having served time in prison for petty robbery and larceny . Her and her husband Wayne are now on the move with their three kids . They 're travelling in an RV when they are witness to a car crash , and making a long story short , they end up assuming the identities of a wealthy family , the Riches , and move to an upscale neighborhood in Palm Beach Florida . Wayne needs to find work to support the family 's new lifestyle so his first scam begins when he tries for a job with his neighbor at his law firm.I ca n't tell you in words just how good this is . It 's such a cool show that you have to check out for yourself . It 's fun and enjoyable and Minnie Driver is brilliant in here . I love watching how these guys get away with all the things they do and it 's certainly addictive . Get yourself a copy and you 'll have a new favourite show for sure .
 When I was a young man running my first rig in the Oil Fields in Kern county California , was having trouble with doing jobs faster than the other crews I worked with . One day the man who trained me pulled me aside and said `` You do n't get it ... They do n't want good operators , they want good liars '' . In this wonderfully written and acted series , Minnie Driver and Eddie Izzard test that theory , in the world of the upper class , by `` stealing the American dream '' . This series brings the public to a mostly unknown hidden culture in America of the Travelers -LRB- Irish Gypsies -RRB- which is something cool in a TV show , going so far out of the box of regular TV writing it 's in another warehouse.If you want something very different , `` The Riches '' is a show for you .
 This is really a great show . I started watching it last year and could n't look away until it was over . The characters are good at what they do , but are also flawed , which makes them human . I find them surprisingly honest , in a way , which is ironic given that their entire lives are based around a steady stream of cons and lies . It seems sometimes that the people around them lie too , they just believe the lies.Very strong acting and sharp writing carries this series . I 've never been a fan of Minnie Driver , but she absolutely shines in this show . Eddie Izzard is just stunning as the family patriarch.The show has already been renewed for a second season of seven episodes -LRB- fewer than usual due to the effects of the writer 's strike -RRB- , set to air March 18th in the States on the FX channel.Sean P. Logue , 2007
 When The Riches was being advertised in Jan 2007 on the FX Channel , I could hardly contain my excitement . I was going to watch the show no matter what because I have been a huge fan of Eddie Izzard 's for almost five years . The whole cast is amazing and each of the episodes is more compelling than the last . The release of the dvd for season 1 was something I had circled on my calendar for months . The dvd 's have great special features including seven webisodes and a hysterically funny gag reel.The only thing that I wish was a little different was that there was a commentary on every episode instead of only the pilot and the finale . Eddie Izzard and Dmitry Lipkin are really fun to listen to and each is both knowledgeable and passionate about different aspects of the craft . It just makes for a more enjoyable experience . You wo n't be sorry for making this purchase , and I hope you 'll all be as excited about Season 2 as I am .
 This is a brilliant show . The great acting , plot , and tone really sets this show apart from other shows on television . On par with the other great shows on F/X .
 Oh , man ! I loved , loved , loved this series . I did n't know what it was about , but heard some really great buzz that it was well worth watching ! And the buzz was right ! This series takes you away to another way of living , which is so different from the norm . The acting and storyline are both superb ! I ca n't wait to order Season 2 !
 The Riches is one of the most original series ever with characters who are complex and intriguing . Each episode holds you captive as Wayne -LRB- Eddie Izzard -RRB- and Dahlia Malloy -LRB- Minnie Driver -RRB- strive to impersonate the Rich family , an immense challenge with their lack of education and experience.This is a series where you never know what is going to happen next or how Wayne is going keep it all together but the love that Wayne and Dahlia have for each other and their children always help them to find a way.Izzard and Driver are simply eloquent . Noel Fisher -LRB- Cael -RRB- , Shannon Marie Woodwood -LRB- DiDi -RRB- and Aidan Mitchel -LRB- Sam -RRB- are genuine in their roles as the three Malloy children.I ca n't wait for this to come out on dvd !
 I love the Riches . I was in love with Eddie Izzard and his stand-up already when I found out about the Riches . I bought the Season 1 box set and watched it , no joke , from start to finish with hardly a pause for meal and toilet breaks . Yeah , the DVDs are over ten hours in total ... It 's that good . Since I bought it , I have watched the whole season again TWICE through . I LOVE THE RICHES !! The special features on the DVDs are great . There is a gag reel -LRB- always my favorite -RRB- and two episodes -LRB- the pilot and finale -RRB- have commentaries . I would have , of course , liked more special features - more commentary , more behind-the-scenes , but that 's just because I love Eddie so much that I always want more.My only complaint about the DVDs is that there is no `` Play All '' for the episodes , of which there are 2-4 per DVD -LRB- 4 discs in total -RRB- . You have to select each episode and then `` Play '' . All in all , it 's not really a problem . Queer as Folk does the same ... meh.Anyway , buy this set , watch it , watch it again , and write to Fox asking for them to bring back a third season !!!!! It 's not officially cancelled yet , so do n't give up !
 The Riches was a surprisingly great show with a different spin on family drama . Izzard and Driver are great as the con artist parents of the soapy dysfunctional family whose lives they take over.Minnie Driver is awesome as Dahlia .
 `` The Riches '' is a fabulous show . So entertaining . Can not quit watching it -- it is addictive . Love Eddie Izzard - he is my favorite person in show business .
 I really enjoyed this series . I would definitely begin watching it or purchase seasons as they come on DVD .
 I loved this show , and I was really sorry to see it cancelled . Minnie Driver has never been better ; her character is complex and charming and Minnie plays it to perfection . Eddie Izzard is also brilliant as the con-man father of the family . I liked that the story covered Travelers in the U.S. . That is a subculture that many of us know nothing about .
 This show is just ridiculously good , possibly the best series I 've ever seen.I never saw it when it first came out ; I watched a couple of episodes the second season , but could n't catch up , and then it ended , or rather did n't end , just stopped . So this is a great discovery for me . The pilot is also , probably , the best pilot I 've ever seen . Usually even the best shows are a little shaky in the pilot or premier episode , but this one is perfect , feels like a feature film , as one of the other reviewers remarked . I watched the whole thing courtesy of Amazon Prime -LRB- what a deal ! -RRB- , and it just gets better and better . How they got this so perfectly together out of the box is a mystery , but I suspect Izzard and Driver have a lot to do with it . A lot of Izzard 's speeches sound a lot like his standup.Minnie Driver is fantastic . I had no idea . She 's beautiful , sexy , powerful , vulnerable , subtle , just displays incredible range . And can she sing ! Eddie Izzard is amazing too , and all the acting is great -- the kids , the neighbors , the extended Traveller family , guest stars , everyone . Acting like this does n't happen in a vacuum ; the writing and the direction also have to be as good as it gets . It is n't a period show , of course , and it does n't have amazing vistas of scenery or anything like that , but the costumes are gorgeous . The show is impeccable.I was reminded of `` Northern Exposure '' because it 's another extremely excellent show , cancelled by the networks despite the fans ' objections.However , on that show the two main characters , Fleischmann and O'Connell , were extremely annoying -LRB- especially Fleischmann -RRB- , and it frequently went over the line from absurd to surreal . On this show , Wayne and Dahlia , through it all , embody a courage and dignity that 's inspiring . One can care about these characters in a way that would n't be possible with `` Northern Exposure '' . Of course the situations are far-fetched , but the emotional responses are believable and compelling.I 'm also reminded of the Sopranos , and I find it more believable than that show.Unfortunately , FX cancelled the show in the middle of the second season . Hard to understand why , even though that 's what networks always do . Maybe it was just getting too good.SPOILERSI 'm particularly reminded of the Sopranos , because the Riches/Malloys have the same issue of being habitual criminals trying to be regular Americans living the good life . It 's more complex with these folks , though , because they have grave doubts about becoming regular people -LRB- `` buffers '' -RRB- . LIke the gangsters on the Sopranos , they have a justification for being thieves and con artists -- namely , they do n't , supposedly , steal from their friends , only from the gadje or buffers . That breaks down when they become buffers and have buffer friends.Of course it turns out that the wealthy buffers are pretty much crooks too . Doug 's boss is essentially a Wall Street fat cat , just in local real estate , not on Wall Street ; and everyone in their buffer community is corrupt in some way.By the time the series is cancelled , Wayne is an accessory to murder ; there 's no getting around that . He tries to say that Dale killing Pete was an accident , but come on . If you do n't want to be blamed for killing someone , best thing to do is not hit them on the head with a hammer ! Dale is guilty of AT LEAST some form of manslaughter , probably murder , and Wayne is an accessory after the fact . Now , he could n't have done anything else without going to prison himself for various fraud and other charges , Dahlia going back to prison , and the kids going at best into foster care ; he really did n't have that option . Still , the fact is , he helped Dale avoid prosecution for murder by burying the body , and they may get caught yet ; there 's a PI trying to find Pete . And , look , Wayne knows that this is at least Dale 's second killing , so by helping him not get caught , he 's enabling possible future murders!Plus , he gets in big trouble with Dahlia for lying about all this . And at the same time , she 's been lying to him about her drug problems , and her secret life as a parolee -LRB- second job , secret apartment -RRB- . By a complex chain of associations , I 'm reminded of Downton Abbey -- because that show makes a big mistake that this one does n't . DA , in the second year , has a lot of plot complications that just sort of happen and then dissipate , without really affecting the overall story arc , that should of been just edited out ; and it has a lot of repetition as well . This show is tight ; it has integrity . You NEVER get bored , and though they do have to occasionally resolve some issue that looked hopeless for a long time , to move onto the next horrible problem , it 's never a non sequitur ; the resolution of the last problem always seems to lead to the next , worse one , sort of like the movie `` Quicksand '' . It all flows inexorably from the original sin of stealing the Riches ' identity -- but why was it a sin ? Because they 're stealing from dead people , or because they 're betraying their true Traveller natures?Wayne is persecuted by sort of Traveller Mafia , gets mixed up with sort of Russian mafia types to fight the Irish ones ; to pull off the big score he has to betray and/or somehow satisfy his boss , the investors , the Katrina survivors , the Russian scary bad guys , and his faithful paralegal who helps him pull off his role as a fake lawyer . All these people want different things out of the deal , so it looks impossible , and also it looks like at least two or three of these different groups might kill him , hurt his family , and/or send him to prison.Dahlia 's in an impossible position too ; it apparently never occurred to anyone in the family , until the second season , that she should check in with her parole officer . If she gets caught , it 's back to prison on the old charges , never mind the new ones . They want to do one last big score as the Riches , disappear , and retire , but it does n't look in the least possible.Hard to imagine why FX cancelled this show , except that that 's what networks always do -- but usually not in the middle of the second season.I do hope Izzard manages to pull together a feature film , a third season , something to complete it . As of Februrary 2012 it has n't happened yet , as far as I know . He says he wants to pick up right where they left off , but in order to do that , seems to me , it 's going to need some new actors , at least for the youngest kid , since everyone is 5 years older now .
 I wish everyone could have seen this to keep it on the air . I have a new respect for each of the actors in their ability to create a memorable character . I do n't want to watch now because it was canceled before it the story finished .
 The Riches has proved to be one of the most intelligent and interesting series on American television in quite a long time . In the episodes from the first season one wo n't find catering to the lowest level . Viewers have to think , perhaps even weigh the pros and cons of the characters ' lifestyle and whether the reasons for their actions outweigh the innate dishonesty of what they do.Included are numerous characters residing in the grid , or the real world , and in the nearly mythical world of the Travellers . Wayne Malloy , played by Eddie Izzard , is the head of the family who takes his wife and 3 children with him to live in the grid . Living the lives of buffers , whom his people have always scoffed at , is the biggest con they have ever pulled . They do n't find it easy to do , but doing it successfully is a matter of life and death . Wayne , posing as high-powered lawyer Doug Rich , works hard at creating this new life , but wife Dahlia -LRB- played by Minnie Driver -RRB- has a difficult time playing her part . Newly released from prison , and a true Traveller , she fights him at nearly every step . Meanwhile , the three children do n't quite fit into their schools or among the buffers their own ages.The two worlds have collided frequently , never -- or rarely -- to the benefit of what most of us would consider normal people . In Eden Falls , where most of the story takes place , normal must be defined , over and over . Plus pursuit by their friends and relations among the Travellers makes life even more interesting . Playing the five main characters must be more than a little schizophrenic , but each actor pulls it off.A lot of people will be relieved to read or hear that a second season is being taped . The episodes of the first season were so compelling , it leaves fans eager for more .
 Great series ... Was pleased to find it on Amazon . Thanks for the amazing price and quick service ! I hope to get the second season on here soon !
 Loved `` The Riches '' both seasons one & two -- regrettably , there will be no season three because the show was cancelled . If you enjoys stories about `` stings '' you will surely like `` The Riches '' about a family of grifters . The acting is superb and the caricatures thoroughly enjoyable .
 Of all the show that I 've watches lately , I must say that this is the best show today . I 'm glad that I 've own my own copy , so that I can always watch it over and over again .
 the dvd set was in great condition and it came earlier than expected which is always a pleasant surprise.thank you
 The Riches is portrays suspension of disbelief at its best ! You have to see it to be `` lie `` ve it .
 Love watching Eddie Izzard , he is just amazing . Very off beat and funny . A very addicting show ... awsome ...
 I loved the darkly comedic series The Riches . If you like Eddie Izzard you will love to follow his reasoning in the way he leads his family to where they are today . I 'm waiting for FX to let us see the remainder of the series that was cut short by the writers strike .
 I am currently deployed in Iraq . I watched a couple episodes before I deployed and had to watch the rest of the season that I missed so I purchased season one to watch on deployment . It was very good and helped me to help time go by . The Riches had me guessing and I had to watch the next episode right away . If you like to stay on your toes then watch the Riches . You 'll enjoy it .
 The group in question is the Travelers -- a band of con artists who have apparently been in the U.S. since the 19th century . This show offers a glimpse into their world , and how odd and sometimes difficult it is for them to try to live among the rest of us . Eddie Izzard and Minnie Driver do some pretty decent American accents as the husband and wife posing as the Riches.Complications ensue as they attempt to fill the deceased Riches ' shoes , working , living , and going to school among the so-called Buffers -LRB- non Travelers -RRB- . Never a dull moment , as they say .
 After watching this series you may find yourself comically questioning the authenticity of the professionals in your life . Pop it in , put on the popcorn and enjoy .
 First movie I 've seen shot in some of the national parks.Looks like they followed the Dogma gang , using only naturallight and sound . It makes for a less polished but more realisticfeature than most . Nice twist at the end .
 super flick - in the style of a Brit mystery only based in the U.S.A ! As good as Rosemary and Thyme .
 Great little whodunit murder-mystery . Tight story . Spectacular backdrops and scenery . Recommended for anyone planning a road trip to the national parks .
 I rented this film mostly because the description of the plot on the back of the movie 's cover sounded like it could be potentially entertaining and also because Corey Feldman was advertised as one of the actors in the film . I thought his performance in `` Lost Boys '' and `` Bordello of Blood '' were praiseworthy and so I had been watching for any new movies of his . I watch a lot of low budget horror films and generally only find a small minority of them that are better than cheesy b-rated flicks only mildly amusing for their horrible acting , cliched storylines , and lame special effects . So I expected this one to be exceptionally bad , especially being Lisa Loeb played one of the main roles.Although Feldman only has a very small and trivial scene in the movie -LRB- but a very memorable one -RRB- the movie itself was a very pleasant surprise . In fact , it was so good I ca n't believe that it did n't get more media attention . Its basically about a young troubled teenager who idolizes serial killers and decides that he would like to be one when he reaches adulthood . He meets a girl whom he is infatuated with who begs him to make her his first victim . In her own words she wishes to be the Sharon Tate of her generation . The role of the girl is well acted by Lisa Loeb who should give up her career choice of making lousy music to become a full time actress and I hope to see her in more movies . Full of dark humor , I was thrilled and entertained as our young and supposed serial killer makes one failed attempt after another to try to become the most notorious serial killer of his generation.The performance by the actor who played the gym teacher was also commendable and his drill sargeant act was side splittingly hilarious.In any case , I recommend this movie to anyone who loves dark humored teenage movies in the same vein as Daniel Water 's 80 's masterpiece `` Heathers . ''
 OK ... I 'm going to keep this short . This is a well made , dark comedy that is worth your viewing time . With `` stars '' you will recognise and memorable performances , it makes for great Friday night entertainment . It may not stack up for those snotty connoisseurs out there , but for the rest of you , take the risk ... you 'll like it !! This was a direct to video movie , but is far better than much of the crap that somehow made it to screen . Also , interesting to note that Thomas Hayden Church has since gone on to star in `` Sideways '' for which he received a Golden Globe nomination . WATCH THIS MOVIE !!!
 As real to life as Reality Tv you can get . Maybe it is because I grew up in NY , but I can relate more to the NY Housewives than the other housewives in the Bravotv series . Can I relate to being that well off . No ! Take the money away and the girls/women are just like us . We 've all had that one Jewish girlfriend , snobby friend , kwazy friend , friend who is everyone 's buddy , wise cracking friend who keeps you in stitches with their one liners . Watch the show and you will either see yourself or someone in your circle of friends so that when you watch the show you will say . . `` Aha , I know exactly what you are going through . `` This particular season is heartbreaking because one the girls is having a real upswing in her life and unfortunately , haters are coming out . Bethenny Frankel-Hoppy is finally coming into her own personally and professionally and one of the girls she was closest to is determined to undermine her happiness.Anyway , we the viewer may never know the full story but you 'll get the gist of it to realize that B is getting a raw deal and her eyes are opening to the `` snakes '' that are around her and eventually realizing that sometimes a friendship will run its course and when it is done its time to move on.Highly recommend this show even if this season is a bit hard to watch because the `` Mean Girl -LRB- s -RRB- '' high school stuff going on .
 BEST season ever , the trip to scary island is worth the money for this set alone !!!! -LRB- got mine at target for 9.99 as of 12/22/11 . So many quotes from this season its crazy , any fan must get this !!!!! Bethenny was hilarious on this season !!! her last unfortunately .
 Sensational drama from the original cast ; a must-own for every RHONY owner ; also a must-have with the introduction of Sonja Morgan ; fashion & fun
 I love this series and find it to be the only show that I am disappointed when it is over and ca n't wait for the next episode . Each personality stirs a different emotion and ability to relate .
 Bravo did not used to have the housewives On Demand and I missed one so I ordered a watch instantly episode here . Worked great .
 Even though the Jill-Bethenny fight was staged by Jill for ratings , I think it 's clear that the show was much wittier and fun with the comedic shenanigans of Jill Zarin and Bethenny Frankel . Getting rid of Zarin was probably one of the biggest mistakes Bravo could have made .
 This particular season is my favorite for this set of women . Viewers are in for a real treat when watching Season 3 . There are a ton of disputes that we can each watch , take in , learn from in our own lives , and grow from as women . That said , it is my belief that our society needs to focus more on how females can support and uplift one another instead of bash and destroy one another . It is nice to have television shows such as this because women who are willing to reflect upon the relationships of the cast members , in order to transfer the healthy coping skills to their own lives , are more equipped to weather the infamous female storms of life !
 I am addicted to all the Real Housewives . Orange County , Atlanta , New Jersey , Beverly Hills , -LRB- I do n't care for Miami -RRB- I did like D.C. New York is my favorite although it went downhill a bit when Bethanny left .
 I love this season of Real Housewives of New York . To me , it is the best season out of the 4 so far . The price was $ 9.99 , way lower than iTunes .
 Barry Sonnenfeld helmed this , the best adaptation of any Elmore Leonard work to-date . The film is fast and funny , as it lampoons goombahs and La-La land with equal abandon . Players are all in top form , with Dennis Farina a stand-out as a disgruntled mobster who gets on Chili 's bad side . Look for a pre-Sopranos James Gandolfini as a hapless bodyguard .
 Undoubtedly a super movie . Filled with many Comedic Moments and Action packed scenes , this movie really kept my interest . John Travolta and Dennis Farina really fed very well off each other . I love the way Travolta handles himself so Matter Of Factly especially when retrieving his leather jacket in the opening moments of the movie . Also Travolta displays his cool when he makes a surpise visit to Gene Hackman and when confronting -LRB- Bear -RRB- James Galdolphini and -LRB- Bo -RRB- Delroy Lindo at the restaurant . The airport scenes are entertaining as well.With a cast like this , you Amazon Readers are strongly advised to check this one out at once .
 Elmore Leonard 's scalpel-sharp dialogue is brought to the silver screen in a rare film - one that does the book justice . Sonnenfeld helms an absolutely taut movie complete with stellar performances and memorable set pieces - in short , one you should n't miss .
 I can watch this movie over and over again . I have to admit the first time I watched it I got a little lost on who was who and what was what , but after seeing several more times this has to be one of the funniest movies . John Travolta is perfect as Chili Palmer . Dennis Farina is perfect as the role of Ray Barbone . It 's a wonderful movie and if you pay close enough attention you 'll notice that the five main characters -LRB- Travolta , Russo , DeVito , Hackman , and Farina -RRB- all say the phrase `` Look at Me '' at least once . I do n't know why it is n't called `` Look at me '' . Very entertaining .
 This is , as has been noted , a richly entertaining movie : the screenplay does justice , for once , to Elmore Leonard 's novel , the direction has a real feel for the material and the acting is assured.If you have not seen it before , buy it and be charmed.If you already know it and love it , you might want to wait for a while longer in case some kind of `` special edition '' is released : this DVD is disappointingly modest , particularly when one remembers that the earlier laserdisc version came with an entertaining and illuminating audio commentary from Barry Sonnenfeld and some noteworthy outtakes.The extras , therefore , are definitely out there , and they must , surely , find their way onto a DVD at some point in the near future .
 Hip , sharp , smart , cool and wickedly funny comedy about Hollywood . John Travolta is in top form as Chilli Palmer , a mob hitman and acknowledged film buff who goes to Hollywood to try to figure out the business . An extraordinary supporting cast filled with big-time actors ; Gene Hackman , Rene Russo , Danny DeVito , Dennis Farina and Delroy Lindo . Extremely smart for being a comedy , but also works as a satire of B movies and their producers . Some very funny moments of high-brow humor , but also some sly jokes that elevate this one from the usual comedy . Extremely entertaining filled with in-jokes and uniquely funny characters . From a scale of 1-10 I give this film an 8 !
 This is one of the funniest films I have ever seen . John Travolta won a golden globe for his outstanding performance as Chilli Palmer . It is a film that will make you feel a little guilty for laughing at someone else 's down fall . The acting is superb and the dialog is extreamly potent . Every member of the cast shines in their various roles . The acting is so good that you actually hope that Harry Zimm -LCB- GENE HACKMAN -RCB- and Martin Weir -LCB- DANNY DEVITO -RCB- are not like this in real life . Rene Russo is outstanding and seems completley natural in her role as a B-grade movie actress . The movie , although underated , is a true cult classic .
 This movie may not be for everyone but it would n't be fun if it was . Elmore Leonard fans will love this one . Leonard 's trademark twists , turns and drop-dead dialogue are present , accompanied , of course , by some colourful characters ; a miami gangster , a South American drug lord , a west coast drug kingpin-slash-limo driver and a shylock-turned-movie producer . Check it out .
 Why this film did n't get any Oscar nominations is easy to see . It 's way too smart for its own good , and cuts just a little too close to the bone than any Hollywood type would care to admit . Based on a terrific Elmore Leonard novel , Get Shorty forces the viewer to listen intently to the characters as the action moves around them and their world comes into being through it , in a similar fashion to Bogart 's The Maltese Falcon & Grant 's His Girl Friday . The art of listening is increasingly lost on today 's viewers , which is why many people just do n't get the many subtleties and nuances liberally peppered throughout this masterpiece . And the actors just flow into their roles , looking as comfortable in them as you would in your favourite pair of jeans . John Travolta as the transplanted Miami gangster Chili Palmer is cool personified , while Gene Hackman appears suitably flustered as the harried movie producer who suddenly realizes he 's in WAY over his head . Cameos abound and are a bunch of fun to watch . In fact , this whole film was so much fun , I bought my own copy ! Do yourself a favour and rent it tonight .
 This movie is perhaps one of the funniest ever made . While L.A. Confidential is Elmore Leonard 's best book-adaption , Get Shorty is next in line . It 's biting comedy makes me laugh every time I see it , probably due to the quality acting performances of Dennis Farina and John Travolta . The cinematography is excellent , the screenplay is excellent , and the ending is excellent . Overall , this is a great movie , and I highly recommend getting it . It is easily one of the best comedies ever , surpassing the book in nearly every way .
 I read the book two years b/4 the movie came out and LOVED it . I expected to be disappointed as it is difficult to paint on film as well as in a book . Not in this case.Not only was the movie basically true to the book , it was funnier . I also rewatch this movie when I 'm bored and continue to be amused.As you may know , rumor has it Leonard wrote this after dealing with famous Hollywood short guy , Dustin Hoffman . I do n't know if that 's true but Devito was great lampooning Hollywood and Chili Palmer was played to perfection by Travolta . I try to limit 5 star ratings but this one is definitely deserved.It 's a shame that movies that entertain are not highly respected by the Academy . Is n't that what they are supposed to do ?
 Great movie . Great performances all around - especially by Travolta , whose Chili Palmer ranks as one of the coolest characters ever . Loved that scene of him ascending the restaurant staircase.One quick nit to pick
 THIS MOVIE WAS GOOD I THINK THE PLOT WAS GOOD AND I THINK THAT JOHN TRAVOLTA DID A GOOD JOB ON THIS ONE
 This movie is on my list of all time favorites . It 's one of the most entertaining films I have ever seen . I like everything from the characters to dialogue to directing to that funky sound-track . My favorite scene is when Harry Zimm calls Ray Bones in Miami and tries to talk tough . The look on Gene Hackman 's face after he hangs up makes me laugh every time .
 Get shorty is one of the most origional films this decade . It widly entertaning , well casted and Travolta is simply the best . The soudtrack is a killer to .
 Starting with John Travolta , this film is loaded with great performances by everyone in the cast . This story of art imitating life imitating art has fast become one of my favorites . The ` good guy ' dialogue mixes well with the ` Hollywood speak ' to create an atmosphere of hilarity as well as wonderful humor . I 'm sure you 'll love this movie .
 This is my favorite movie ever made . Great acting , great casting , great plot , great lines , i could go on forever . Oh , if you think that its hard to follow , then all that means is that you are to stupid to enjoy an incredible film .
 John Travolta plays Chili Palmer to perfection , and those who say that is not a stretch do not know the man 's history . Travolta , a smart guy used to playing well meaning , but dumb , guys -LRB- ... Kotter , Look Who 's Talking , Pulp Fiction -RRB- gets to sink his teeth into this one . As Chili Palmer , he is a shylock -LRB- not a wiseguy -RRB- who takes an opportunity to bolt the scene -LRB- which he grew casually tired of -RRB- and heads of to Hollywood to make movies , as if it is that easy . Chili knows people , and he does not waste any time making use of people who are too busy looking for an angle to head straight for what they want and get it . There he meets a like mind -LRB- if not altogether a soulmate -RRB- expertly played by Rene Russo . Gene Hackman as a wimp is a masterstroke . I never thought he could pull it off , but Hackman can flat-out act . Delroy Lindo is pleasantly venomous as one of the clueless heavies , while Dennis Farina should play in every Elmore Leonard book-turned-movie . The acting here should have been nominated for numerous awards.The soundtrack is expertly utilized as well . Many Jazz-lite tunes are used to a comic effect -LRB- I do not believe I shall ever grow tired of the effortless classic , `` stink '' -RRB- . The cinematography , like the characterizations , is swift and direct , without the gimmicks that Sonnenfeld has sprinkled in his other movies . Screenwriter Scott Frank cuts out some characters -LRB- where is Elaine -RRB- and the original ending from the book and replaces them quite effectively , as he did with another Elmore Leonard work , Out Of Sight.My one concern is with the company that released the film in DVD form
 A smooth flowing movie with interesting characters , a clever plot and a smart and witty script . With a cast like Travolta , Hackman , DeVito and Russo what more could one ask for .
 John Travolta is at his peak in this black-comedy about a gangster who wants to go into showbiz . My favorite part is when a guy takes Chili 's -LRB- John Trvaolta -RRB- coat and Chii knocks on his door , and when the guy opens the door Chili punches him in the nose breking it . Then he casually walks in , gets his coat , and then walks out .
 `` Get Shorty '' is a humdinger of a movie - smart , funny , and VERY full of itself ... kinda like its `` hero '' , Chili Palmer.Every character and performance hits all the right notes , starting with John Travolta 's right-on portrayal of Palmer , a loan shark who has tired of the mob business and would like to try his hand at a REAL mob business
 Please describe the audio and video quality of any Blu-Ray you review . Thanks to those who do this.Aspect Ratio
 Elmore Leonard 's novel Get Shorty was a hit , as was its movie adaptation . I say this as an Italian-American from New York who 's lived in Miami - aka Brooklyn with palm trees -- so I get where it comes from . I 'm just glad that this small gem finally got the two-disc treatment . It gets better with each viewing . The extras are fun and interesting , if a bit lightweight.It 's enough to say that the intricate plot is classic Elmore Leonard , and that the script has retained much of his pithy dialogue . I 'd rather focus on the quirky characters and their players because it is they who make this film snap , crackle and pop.IMO Get Shorty would have gotten little attention without John Travolta 's stellar performance . From his razor-cut helmet hair to his expertly wielded cigarette to his swaggering walk , Travolta IS Chili Palmer
 This is it , ladies and gentlemen , THE film of the mid-90 's . Right up there with Pulp Fiction , The Usual uspects , and Fargo , this flick 'll have you laughing , gasping , and laughing some more with the brilliant performances and clever screenplay . Based on the Elmore Leonard novel , Barry Sonnenfeld directed this awsome movie with an all-star cast . Keep an eye out for David Paymer and Bette Midler in some short ... but great roles . However , Denis Farina steals the show as Bones , a dumb-as-dirt mobster . And , fans of GET SHORTY will be glad to hear that there may be a chance of a sequal . NOT SURE ... but Elmore Leonard just finished th follow-up to GET SHORTY , called BE COOL.GET SHORTY is rated R for seemingly relentless profanity and some violence . -LRB- just thought I 'd warn you -RRB- GET SHORTY IS A TRULY GREAT FILM , AND I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT .
 What could be better than this snappy comedy , based on an Elmore Leonard book and with a cast including John Travolta , Gene Hackman , Rene Russo , Danny DeVito , Delroy Lindo , and James Gandolfini ? Answer
 Though it is generally regarded as a `` good '' movie , I think it is much more than that . It is one of the most perfect films ever made from it 's razor sharp dialogue to the first rate performances to the excellent cinematography . Travolta should 've been oscar nominated and I still love watching Dennis Farina chew the scenery as Ray `` Bones '' Barboni . Outstanding .
 Great writing and Elmore Leonard 's delicious irony dominate this splendid comedy . I would caution families to be mindful of the abundance of paint peeling profanity it abounds in . The soundtrack is great with a good deal of it coming from Booker T. and the MG 's and in HD the image is vivid and crisp !
 John Travolta is Chili Palmer , an enforcer for a loan sharking racket residing on the east coast of the United States . When one of his `` customers '' is behind on his payments , he must travel to Hollywood in an attempt to collect . However , before he goes , he punches a rival in the loan shark business in order to get his coat back.When he arrives , he encounters Gene Hackman as Harry Zimm , a producer of B movies who has fallen on hard times . Rather than rough him up , Palmer pitches an idea for a movie . Although Palmer is a tough as they come , he is an avid movie buff and has always dreamed of being part of the movie business.A drug smuggling group in Hollywood and the arrival of the mobster that Palmer punched to get his coat back further complicates the situation . The three-way interplay of these groups causes Zimm to try to play them against each other , to disastrous effects.Danny DeVito is movie star Martin Weir , the actor that the Palmer group is trying to persuade to star in their movie . The named cast is completed by Rene Russo as a B movie starlet that is a form of girlfriend to Zimm , Bette Midler is another -LRB- aggressive -RRB- girlfriend of Zimm 's and Penny Marshall has a brief cameo as a director.This movie is made by Travolta 's understated performance as a mobster . Although he is vicious , he is not malicious and his joy at discussing movies contrasted with his hard-face confrontation with fellow mobsters is delightful . I did n't find the movie hilarious , but it was well written , acted and there was a great deal of irony in the actions of all the players .
 This is the first movie in the series of two the second one called be cool . I really enjoyed this one more than the second movie because I felt the actors were at their best in this movie . The actors if you look back 20 years later are some of the best we had today . The movie is rated R mainly because of the language in the movie but that is what makes this movie better than the second one they were n't afraid to push the envelope with the content in it and it made the movie a more real life situation . I will say the plot was decent but not great but when you got great actors sometimes you do n't need the best plot . I tell you the first time I watched this movie I could n't stop laughing and even now it 's still funny . It 's a good movie to pick up and check out everyone does there roll in the movie and I think it is a 5 star movie and still one of the best comedy 's to this day .
 Elmore Leonard knows Hollywood , but his insider 's view of the movie business is the least of the appeal of this movie . John Travolta is Chili Palmer , a loan shark who comes to LA to collect a debt . The large gag is that Chili 's utterly amoral , but brilliantly crafted amorality is a perfect pre-adaption to life in movieland . He moves almost seamelessly from the world of small-time hoodlery to big-time movie producing.The plot makes its way through this metaphor with lots of action , sly double-crossing and grotesque thugs to spare.But the large gag is one that you enjoy on reflection , after the movie is over . The little gags revolve around Leonard 's wit -LRB- imagine
 Probably the greatest ensemble cast performance of 1995 , ` Get Shorty ' is also one of the greatest comedies of that given year as well . It 's witty , smart and engaging from start to finish , with enough twists and turns to keep us glued yet not so many that we wind up confused . There is really little to nothing worth griping about since the film is , well , perfect.I almost hate reviewing films this good because it becomes difficult to find things to talk about.So , ` Get Shorty ' revolves around Chili Palmer , loan shark turned Hollywood movie mogul as he is turned onto the business while collecting from sleazy Hollywood director Harry Zimm . Chili has an interest in film -LRB- he loves movies -RRB- and he is growing tired of the life of a gangster , so he dives head first into this newfound life of crime -LRB- the film does a gallant job of proving the similarities between legal and illegal ` crime ' -RRB- . Harry has his eye on a film that is going to make him a huge Hollywood player ; the only problem is that the scripts writer died and his wife wants half-a-mill for the rights to the film . Wannabe mogul Bo Carlett wants in , but Chili wants to be Harry 's sole partner . Chili makes nice with Karen , an actress who was once married to two-time Academy Award nominee Martin Weir , in hopes that she could get him interested in doing the film . In the meantime Harry is scrounging around trying to get someone to put up the money for the script , and when he 's exhausted his options he tries to entice Ray Bones , Chili 's ex-employer . There is a lot going on here , but it is all constructed in such a brilliantly fluid way . Nothing ever gets lost in the joggle , each character is wonderfully fleshed out and each actor does a masterful job at bringing the goods.John Travolta rightfully won the Golden Globe for best comedic performance ; it 's just a shame the Academy did n't see right to nominate him . I may prefer his turn here to his Oscar nominated turn in ` Pulp Fiction ' ; operative word being ` may ' . He is hilariously on-point here , delivering such a cool and collected performance that permeates the entire film . I love me some Hackman , and he is also quite good here , but he takes a backseat to the array of characters sharing the screen with him . Dennis Farina is the films biggest standout . His animosity with Chili is engaging and rewarding from scene one onward . He brings the funny brilliantly . Delroy Lindo needs better roles . He is a very engaging actor , but he never really pushes himself in the right directions . This is the best I 've seen him . Rene Russo normally turns me off , but she was so charismatically natural here , funny and witty and charming ; I just loved her . Danny DeVito , James Gandolfini , David Paymer ; everyone in the film does a fantastic job of doing what they do best.If you are looking for an engaging and rewarding movie experience then look no further than ` Get Shorty ' . This is one of those comedies that has it all . From the script to the acting to the memorable sets , ` Get Shorty ' is a must see , a film that is a ` must get ' ; as in `` you must get ` Get Shorty ' '' .
 Forget the old single disc version , this 2-DVD set from MGM is the one to get , great remastered picture , sound and lots of great extras , ca n't believe I found the 2-DVD version brand new and factory sealed -LRB- for $ 4.99 , wo n't tell the name of the store -RRB- and more cheaper than than the bare-bones single DVD edition !!! A great 90 's black comedy !!! This had a sequel called Be Cool which was also good but not as good as the classic original !!! Money well spent !!! Recommended !!! A +
 I even liked this more than `` Pulp Fiction '' which was quite good.Strange and funny creation-plus the music is perfect!Overall a great ride of a film.Some of the best `` character '' actors of recent times are in this.Just a blast to watch ! -- Dave K
 This is a great movie , very very funyn , it makes you love and hate Mr Palmer al the way through the movie , too bad the sequel was a carbon copy of it . The dvd is all about the movie , no extra features , but a great price
 Hilariously clever plot which glides from gangsters to Hollywood . Dennis Farina is a standout in a perfectly casted film .
 If the Pulp Fiction was too violent for your sophisticated tastes and you still love gangster movies , just go for this one and you will not be disappointed . This movie is another hit in the come-back run of Mr. Travolta , who gives in there one of his very best performances . Danny De Vito as Mr. Martin Weir just shines into the outer space and I guess I do not have to mention the acting qualities of His Highness Mr. Gene Hackman ... and two straws for Harry here ... The movie is full of great lines and all characters form together a constellation of fun loving `` more-or-less criminals and crooks '' . Plot is really a masterpiece -LRB- thanks to exquisite writing of Mr. Elmore Leonard -RRB- and as the movie goes to its end , stay focused to truly enjoy the final arch of its baroque construction.Editing was done perfectly and the film has a tempo which is as stylisch as the clothes of Mr. Palmer.Please , notice also the great music which gently underlines the tone and pace of the movie language . The opening credits music is one of the best and it may be compared with the Pulp Fiction opening credits music in its `` get ready for a ride , dear viewer '' atmosphere.Generally , this movie has no weaknesses and it is a gem in my collection . I saw it like 15 times and I will give it a lot more play as the life will go on .
 John Travolta is Chili Palmer , a gangster who ventures to Hollywood to collect a debt , and in the process , plunges into the world of movies . Chili is played so cool and so slick by Italian king of slickness -- Travolta and with such comic brilliance mixed in with the dramatic plot elements . Gene Hackman and Danny DeVito 's characters are absolutely hilarious . Russo is looking as hot as ever and the rest of this super cast all play their parts really well . Look for Tony Soprano as `` Bear . '' Chili is the best character though -- I mean what 's better than a gangster turned Hollywood ? What 's better than a gangster picture that unfolds in Hollywood ?
 John Travolta , Rene Russo and Delroy Lindo are all slick and cool in this mobster comedy about Hollywood . Chili Palmer -LRB- Travolta -RRB- goes to Hollywood to escape a fouled mouthed mobster -LRB- Dennis Farina -RRB- and ends up helping out movie producer Harry Zim -LRB- Gene Hackman -RRB- and mingling with movie star Martin Weir -LRB- Danny DeVito -RRB- . He also has to mess with a suave gangster name Bo -LRB- Lindo -RRB- and his sidekick stuntsman Bear -LRB- James Gandolphini -RRB- . Very action packed , very funny , and great music as well . Also stars Bette Midler , Harvey Keitel and Penny Marshall .
 This movie is smart and hilarious . John Travolta is perfect in his role as Chili Palmer and the rest of the characters could not have been portrayed any better .
 Word 's can hardly desribe the genius film . It is without a doubt the peak of mystery , romance , action and pure cinematic brilliance!The fantastic screenplay perfectly shows how equally amazing Elmore Leanord 's book is to the movie . It is also , by far , John Travolta 's best role ever , and without him the movie would be nothing . This film is perfect for everyone , the alluring plot , amazing acting , entertaining screenplay.It is truly , a gem .
 To the viewer from Dorchester , NJ . You obvious do n't know anything about movies . This movie rules .
 this is the best movie . the best part is in the restrauant when chilli faces bo and bear ; ` stunt man huh , any good ' ` if you can get out of here befor i take my coat off , i wo n't clean you up off the floor with your pretty little costume . ' i love this bit ! guess why i have seen it seven times
 This movie was well thought out and is not one of those movies wear an actor uses a catch-phrase that he did in 10 other movies.However , the sequel -LRB- Be Cool -RRB- , basicly re-hashes the same jokes in this movie , with a similar storyline .
 It really needs more features , but as with most of the MGM line they throw one out there and then realease a special edition a year later ; so we 'll see .
 Barry Sonnefeld 's `` Get Shorty '' was in many people 's opinions the best adaption of an Elmore Leonard novel to that point . John Travolta , who had just made his big comeback performance in Quentin Tarantino 's `` Pulp Fiction '' scored another massive hit with his role of Chili Palmer , a Miami lone shark who gets sent to Hollywood to muscle a B-movie producer but ends up getting swept in by the business . Along for the ride is an all-star cast including Gene Hackman , Rene Russo , Danny DeVito , Delroy Lindo , Dennis Farina , and James Gandolfini . `` Get Shorty '' is a fun , hip good time . The DVD special edition includes a deleted sequence involving Ben Stiller , an audio commentary , and a number of extra featurettes .
 This movie will not change the world . It will not even change your life . It is simply a fun Hollywood romp . A funny goofy story unwinding as it is invented brings to mind Fellini 's `` 8-1/2 '' . The flexible morals and chameleon motivations of the characters keep me in stitches .
 I really enjoyed this movie . I had seen &#34; Be Cool &#34; -LRB- the sort of sequel -RRB- YEARS ago but never saw this until I found it here for my Kindle . Glad I &#34; rented &#34; it . My boyfriend and i enjoyed it .
 Travolta is fantastic . The follow up to this Be Cool is a must see as well . It 's worth the rental
 &#34; Get Short &#34; was an excellent movie !! All the actors were superb , but none more so than John Travolta himself . Not quite up to par with his character in &#34; Pulp Fiction &#34; ... but close !! thank you , Mark
 Elmore Leonard ! The cast is great , story is hilarious , acting is first rate , love the soundtrack . Definitely an underrated comedy classic .
 Early in the 1995 film Get Shorty we see a clip of Orson Wells ' film noir movie Touch of Evil , released in 1958 . In the 1960s the French New Wave films paid tribute to American gangster movies . Elmore Leonard wrote the novel Get Shorty , on which this film is based.Many Hollywood films are based on Elmore Leonard novels . Quentin Tarantino based his film Jackie Brown on the Elmore Leonard novel Rum Punch . Tarantino 's film Pulp Fiction is a tribute to Elmore Leonard and other pulp writers . Out of Sight and Be Cool are also based on Elmore Leonard novels.Get Shorty has an excellent cast
 This was a great purchase . We were very satisfied and would recommend this vendor to others . The experience was positive .
 The streaming went well enough for Ubuntu 11.04 The movie is still funny despite its age . Some of the plot connections are a little far fetched but the light hearted comedy is not adversely affected .
 I 've heard so many friends rave about GET SHORTY that I finally thought it was time to see what the fuss was about . I never knew the plot but assumed someone was trying to `` get '' Shorty for some reason . GET SHORTY has a finely detailed plot with a dream cast that includes John Travolta , Rene Russo , Gene Hackman and Dennis Farina to name a few.Travolta does a fine job in playing the quirky mob flunky Chili Palmer . Palmer can be rough and tough and violent but he 's pretty much a good guy trying to straighten out the messes others have created . His latest adventure takes him to Hollywood and into the sights of B-movie producer -LRB- or maybe that is C-movie producer -RRB- Harry Zimm -LRB- Gene Hackman in a great role -RRB- . It 's all fun and games as Palmer tries to out think and out maneuver all the `` bad '' guys while trying to feed Hackman a story that sounds very much like Palmer 's own life.It is funny and it is witty but do n't be mistaken . There is a lot of traditional Emore Leonard violence in the film . The violence seems too out of place in a `` comedy '' even a black comedy . The humor would be more in humor in these thugs avoiding murder and serious injury.Rene Russo is at her loveliest -- one of my favorite actresses whose talent seems to have gone under appreciated these years . Danny DeVito is great as the egotistic actor that Zimm and Palmer are trying to reel in for their movie.Much like the ending of PEE-WEE 'S BIG ADVENTURE , we have a `` movie '' within a movie based on what just happened in the movie we are watching with several hilarious cameos playing the characters we have seen in the film.A fun film that could have done without the serious violence .
 Really good cast . Great story . Almost any movie based on an Eelmo Lenard book has got to be good . The movie is full of humor .
 Get Shorty is one of my personal favorites . Great dialogue , cast and soundtrack !! And it 's fun to see Tony Soprano in a role other than a mob boss !
 A loan shark from Florida , who loves movies and winds up in Hollywood on a collection job , decides to take a shot at the movie business while he 's there , in `` Get Shorty , '' directed by Barry Sonnenfeld . Dark humor and richly textured characters drive this story of Chili Palmer -LRB- John Travolta -RRB- , the shylock from Miami Beach who aspires to a life beyond keeping a book for thugs , in this faithful adaptation of the Elmore Leonard novel . When circumstances take him to Las Vegas to look for one Leo Devoe -LRB- David Paymer -RRB- , a dry-cleaner in debt up to his eyeballs who blew town after an airline scam , Chili goes on to Hollywood to do a favor for the casino operator who tipped him off as to Leo 's whereabouts . The `` favor '' is contacting film director Harry Zimm -LRB- Gene Hackman -RRB- who has payment overdue on a note issued to him by the casino . Zimm has made a name for himself -LRB- at least in his own mind -RRB- by directing horror movies ; but he 's not the sharpest tool in the shed . Ultimately , Chili gets involved with Zimm and actress Karen Flores -LRB- Rene Russo -RRB- , who has starred in some of Zimm 's horror flicks , as well as with two time Academy Award nominee Martin Weir -LRB- Danny DeVito -RRB- , the `` shorty '' of the title . Chili is finally in his element , but his Miami Beach days are not yet behind him ; there 's still some settling up to do according to one Ray `` Bones '' Barboni -LRB- Dennis Farina -RRB- , owner of the book kept by Chili in Florida . Travolta not only goes the distance here , but creates a definitive character in Chili ; even as Sean Connery is James Bond , and Basil Rathbone is Sherlock Holmes , Travolta `` is '' Chili Palmer . With nuance and charisma , he does this guy from the inside out . He has the look and the mannerisms ; he walks the walk and talks the talk . And nobody in the history of the cinema has used a cigarette as a prop better than he does in this movie . It 's a commanding , Oscar-worthy performance , every bit as good -LRB- possibly even better -RRB- than the role of Vincent he created in `` Pulp Fiction . '' His presence simply dominates the film , and he 's up against some stiff competition , because this movie is filled with great characters . Not only Hackman , who does a terrific job as Zimm , but Russo , who sizzles , and DeVito , who adds some real flair as the `` Movie Star , '' and Farina , whose toughness and lack of wit make him a memorable character . Also exceptional are Delroy Lindo , as Bo Catlett , a thug and wanna-be movie producer , James Gandolfini , as `` Bear , '' a stuntman who works with Catlett , and Jon Gries as Ronnie , a `` Hollywood '' style tough guy who also works with Catlett . Sonnenfeld did a great job of bringing this world of `` Get Shorty '' to life . The story is interesting and delivered with outstanding dialogue and plenty of action , all of which Sonnenfeld keeps moving at a perfect pace and with impeccable timing . This is one thoroughly enjoyable , funny movie that absolutely begs for a sequel . In recommending it , I have to borrow one of Chili Palmer 's best lines
 It takes a loan shark leading the way to make Hollywood honest . `` Get Shorty '' returns in a new 2 disc `` Collector 's Edition '' DVD just in time for the sequel `` Too Cool '' which will be premiering in theaters in March . Translating Elmore Leonard 's novels to the screen can be a tricky business luckily both screenwriter Scott Frank and director Barry Sonnenfeld are both up to the task with an inventive dark comedic film . Chili Palmer -LRB- John Travolta -RRB- heads west to collect a debt from down-and-out B-movie producer Harry Zimm -LRB- Gene Hackman -RRB- . When Harry ca n't pay , Chili opts to help him make a movie about , well , Chili Palmer . The catch is that Chili and Harry need a star to make their movie viable . Chili quickly finds that the film business shares a lot in common with the world of organized crime . Chili romances B-Movie queen Karen Flores -LRB- Rene Russo -RRB- an ex - of Harry 's and persuades film star Martin Weir -LRB- Danny DeVito -RRB- to star in the film but not before running into a Cadillac of very funny mishaps along the way . Featuring a great performances from Dennis Farina as the clueless Ray ` Bones ' Barboni , Travolta , Hackman , Russo , DeVito and a pre-Sopranos James Gandolfini , `` Get Shorty '' positively sparkles with wit and energy.Sporting a new high definition transfer `` Get Shorty '' looks simply marvelous . With a sharp looking transfer showing a minimum of digital artifacts and no analog flaws , `` Get Shorty '' deserves the deluxe treatment . The image has amazing depth and an image sharper than Chili 's aim . The colors practically leap out from the screen brighter than Harry Zimm 's blindingly white teeth from the moment the pink and blue titles pop up on the screen until the moment we hear `` cut '' at the end . With blacks richer and darker than Chili 's stolen coat , MGM has done a superb job of translating this modern classic to DVD . The crystal clear sound comes across with more presence than B-Movie queen Karen Flores ' screams.Extras are exceptionally good in this `` Special Edition '' . It 's like having seconds of a terrific desert ; while no one really needs it , it 's great to have just the same . We get a number of notable extras as part of this rich meal . The second disc has three featurettes on different aspects of the film , the deleted `` Graveyard Scene '' , outtakes , the `` Get Shorty '' party reel , a documentary from Bravo Channel on the making of the movie and a sneak peak at `` Be Cool '' . `` Get Shorty
 `` Get Shorty '' in my opinion is one of the most hilarious send ups of the Hollywood movie industry ever put to film.Director , Barry Sonnenfeld and writer , Elmore Leonard have put their talents together to create a satirical film , which ` takes no prisoners ' in its look at the underhanded ways , that folks wheel and deal to get movies made.The film centers on a charismatic mobster -LRB- John Travolta -RRB- , who while on a trip to L.A. , decides to switch careers . He wants to make movies!This is not as far fetched as it seems . Apparently being a movie producer is n't that far of a jump from being a loan shark or racketeer ! Along the way Chilly meets up with with a schlock movie producer , a scream queen , a L.A. hood and his henchman , another mobster from Miami and finally the ` Shorty ' -LRB- a self-involved , superstar actor -RRB- of the film 's title . All of them underestimate Chilly and think he is just a dumb hood , who can be conned out of some major , illegal money waiting in a locker at the L.A. airport . But Chilly seems to know all the right moves and plays everyone at their own game.Writer , Elmore Leonard wrote this fast paced , witty story after experiencing a real life , frustrating job of trying to write a script for vertically challenged actor , Dustin Hoffman ... Revenge must be sweet , because it inspired a great piece of comic writing.The cast of actors in this movie is wonderful . Normally , I 'm not the biggest John Travolta fan , but his take on mobster , Chilly Palmer is electrifying . Travolta plays the character with a swagger , confindence , and a smile that is sheer perfection ! Gene Hackman is also hilarious as the sleaziest of sleazy Hollywood producers . This guy would sell out his own mother if it ment getting a piece of the gross ! . Finally , Danny DeVito just makes this movie with his send up of every spoiled rotten , self-indulgent Hollywood actor that could ever come to mind . Kudos should also go for great , comic supporting roles from James Gandolfini and Dennis Farina.For an evening of some very funny Hollywood satire , I recommend you to get ... `` Get Shorty '' !
 Director Barry Sonnenfeld 's Get Shorty , based on the book of the same name by Elmore Leonard , is a witty comedy that does all from poking fun at the modern Hollywood movie system to paying tribute to the classic gangster movie and its roots in film noir . Get Shorty follows the life of Chili Palmer , a gangster who lives in Miami Beach , Florida , who is sent on assignment to collect money from a dry cleaner 's wife after he has died in a plane crash with money that belongs to Chili 's bosses . After learning the dry cleaner is not actually dead , Chili follows his trail to Las Vegas where he learns that the dry cleaner is now in Los Angeles , and also agrees to help collect money from a movie producer that owes the casino money . These events move along at such a quick pace that they barely fill the first half hour of the movie . The remainder of the film is spent with Chili 's interactions with Harry Zimm , the movie producer , and his attempts to work with Zimm on a movie and learn more about the movie business in general . Amusingly enough , the movie Chili proposes to Zimm is the same story he is trying to figure out , namely where the dry cleaner went with the money . This self-conscious attitude of the movie , in the same manner of Robert Altman 's The Player , shows us an amusing satire of Hollywood . Through the course of the movie , parallels are drawn that depict the Hollywood work ethic as being similar to the type of mob work Chili is involved with . These amusing comparisons play themselves throughout the film , with classically stereotyped roles by an outstanding cast that range from the slimy director/producer to the Colombian druglord . In fact , it is the characters and the dialogue between these characters that make the movie outstanding . There is Chili Palmer -LRB- John Travolta -RRB- , arguably one of the last true gangsters in the old tradition , whose speech and actions are undeniably cool and cutting . As a contrast to Chili , there is his boss , Ray Bones -LRB- Dennis Farina -RRB- , who is a curt , abrasive character that is always looking for a way to one-up whoever he is dealing with . He is the type of person that wields more power than he actually possesses , creating several memorable scenes between his laughable character and Chili 's perpetual coolness . Then there is the slimy director , Harry Zimm -LRB- Gene Hackman -RRB- , a second rate director of B horror movies , whose interactions with Chili show us a less professional view of Hollywood . There is also the pompous , egocentric actor Martin Weir -LRB- Danny Devito -RRB- , who makes us laugh at the lifestyle of the Hollywood star . All of the characters in Get Shorty show us an amusing side of Hollywood that is simultaneously paying homage to and poking fun at movies . Much of the film is shot in the style of film noir , stressing the gangster attitude that is conveyed throughout . But this convention is even stretched and toyed with in the movie . Chili 's character is shot mostly in this style and his clothing is predominantly black , but this is parodied with Ray Bones , who wears light pink although he is himself a gangster . The sunny pastels of Florida and California contrast with this style as well , making us realize this is n't the typical gangster film . That being said , Get Shorty is a clever take on the classic gangster film with an outstanding cast and memorable witty dialogue .
 This is one of the cleverest comedies out there . John Travolta plays a bookie -LRB- Chili Palmer -RRB- in Miami Beach , FL . He is one of these respected hard nose , no BS type of people that just demands respect wherever he goes . But for a change of pace and a change of heart , not to mention money that is owned to him , he flies out to California . He is searching for a man who took a very large some of money , but in the mean time is caught up in the Hollywood movie making industry . He meets up and makes friends with Gene Hackman , a B movie director always looking for the next big break . Rene Russo plays a B movie washed up actress who is helping Travolta get into the movie industry . Mean while , old friends and enemies follow Travolta to the sunshine state to find out what he is up to and possibly move in on the action . This movie also has Danny DeVito , Dennis Farina , cameo by Penny Marshall , Delroy Lindo , James Gandolfini , and more twists and turns that you can imagine . If you are looking for a really fun comedy with lots of stars then this is the movie to get !
 John Travolta is hands down the most inconsistent leading man in America . For every bomb -LRB- Battlefield Earth , and the horrid Urban Cowboy -RRB- there 's a hit -LRB- Pulp Fiction and Michael -RRB- . Anyone other than he would be doing well to be sitting in the upper left hand corner of Hollywood Squares , yet we always forgive Joh his misfires and we let him rivive his career over and over.His sparkling performance in Get Shorty is why we are so forgiving . His the wise guy with a heart schtick is never batter in this Elmore Leonard vehicle . The film , which is Barry Sonnenfeld 's best work other than Men in Black , is s send up of showbiz , the mob , and showbiz and the mob.Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role , made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days . Renee Russo plays her role perfectly as do the rest of the supporting cast.But this picture belongs to Dennis Farina whose character is brilliant . Farina has more or less made an entire career playing this guy , and it all began with this truly funny movie.Grab some popcorn , dim the lights , and enjoy this one over and over .
 John Travolta 's role as Vincent Vega in `` Pulp Fiction '' would launch not only a major comeback in his movie career - but would also start a streak of money-making and well-received movies that he would star in . One of the first movies in that streak that would follow-up `` Pulp Fiction '' would be `` Get Shorty '' . In `` Get Shorty '' , Travolta stars as Chili Palmer - a collector for a Miami loan-shark who aspires to get into the movie business . This role seemed tailor-made for Travolta . It brings a solid cast to carry out the storyline - and they succeed in doing so . While `` Get Shorty '' will entertain you and still is a good movie , ultimately I still find some weaknesses with the movie as a whole.John Travolta 's career has ultimately been defined by the characters he has portrayed . One thing that probably hurt John Travolta 's movie career is he has sometimes been put into some real `` lemon '' type of roles . This was seen throughout the 1980s . A prime example of this was Travolta playing `` Rolling Stone '' magazine reporter Adam Lawrence in 1985 's `` Perfect '' - bad movie and a bad match of a role for Travolta . At the same time , the better Travolta matches up with the character - the better the movie is . Travolta 's performances as `` Saturday Night Fever '' ` ss Tony Manero and `` Grease '' 's Danny Zucco are prime examples of how well Travolta matched up with the character . It is completely fair to add `` Get Shorty '' 's Chili Palmer to the list of characters that Travolta matches up very well to . In fact , this might be one of his best roles.The story of `` Get Shorty '' is as follows
 Quentin Tarantino noted that the movie John Travolta did after `` Pulp Fiction '' was probably more important than `` Pulp Fiction '' with respect to his comeback in movies . This movie solidified John 's popularity with his core audience . The movie is smart , irreverent , funny , satirical and just plain cool . If you watch it , note how the soundtrack is used to compliment the scenes . The score is almost like another actor in each scene . It is brought , forcefully , to the forefront of the scenes to provide color and depth . This rarely works in movies but it is done with considerable skill in `` Get Shorty '' . Another `` over the top '' application is the product placement of the `` Cadillac of Mini-Vans '' . They made no excuses and wrote the mini-van right into the script.This is a very well made movie . The actors are wonderful , the homage paid to prior films of it 's ilk are subtle , yet , crafted skillfully , and the cinematography and music perfectly compliment the film flow and style.Okay , it 's pretty clear I really like this movie . Nice thing about movies , there are many different movies of all types to satisfy our different tastes . If you like smart , dark comedies then I think you 'll love this one . Enjoy !
 Get Shorty is a great movie as we all know . I 'm not going to get into specifics on the movie itself . The Blu-Ray conversion is pretty good . The detail is very nice and I did not detect any artifacts caused by filtering or other forms of noise reduction . Get Shorty was filmed by Don Peterman and his flicks were typically distinguished by a clean , low-grain elegance , with precise lighting and solid blacks ; and the Blu-ray has accurately reproduced this look for Get Shorty . The Blu-ray captures the just-too-bright , slightly artificial look of the L.A. and Florida locales -LRB- the latter also shot in L.A. -RRB- where most of the action occurs . The DTS loss-less sound contains appropriate background noises but nothing that will make you turn your head . The menu structure for the disc is pretty bare-bones , but has some great bonus features and deleted scenes . Overall this Blu-ray is solid and I recommend it !
 This is one of the few movies I own that I can watch again and again . It is definitely one of my all-time favorites.Get Shorty is smart and funny . A load of great actors and great acting , full of smart humor and a great story . Definitely for a more mature audience and not for people that think such titles as Final Destination are worthy of an Oscar ...
 We love the movie and are fans of of John Travolta . My husband always wants this movie . He wore out the last one so ordered it from you and we love it . Delivery was fast too .
 Get Shorty is one of my all-time favorite movies . We bought the BluRay of it to save space in our movie closet and to get better use .
 A collector for loan sharks who loves movies discovers that his unique talents are ideally suited to helping him break into the business of movie production.This is an ideal film for anyone who loves movies in general and crime movies in particular . John Travolta 's Chili Palmer is cold , tough , and intelligent , but what makes him endearing is the way his enthusiasm for movies is always bubbling to the surface . There is more than one scene in which a tense confrontation effortlessly morphs into a discussion about a mutual love of film , and each time it is essential to moving the plot rather than gratuitous eccentricity . This film is just packed with great actors sinking their teeth into terrific characters and the result is a delight from start to finish .
 This is one of my favorite movies of all time . I have three different versions of this on DVD dating all the way back to the infamous warner snap case . Finally they released one that had special features ! If you 're a fan of this movie , obviously this is a no brainer . If you do n't like this movie , what 's wrong with you ? : - -RRB-
 This movie is still great ; plot moves , actors are fantastic , gives a good laugh . Perfect light entertainment , without being stupid . Refreshing .
 Did n't know this was a VHS . I should have read the description better . It was a fast shipment .
 Hollywood has churned out so many mobster films , it 's hard to dig through them all and find a really great one . This is one of the gems that has been too often disregarded . If you like Pulp Fiction , you 're sure to enjoy this flawless , thoroughly entertaining film !
 I rate Get Shorty five stars as an enjoyable and very funny film about the gang , movie makers and what they may or may not have in common . John Travolta was the best of the ensemble including Danny DeVito , Gene Hackman and Uma Thurman . When I first saw this film in 1995 I told my wife that I understood calculus better than this plot . After watching a few minutes of this old film on TV I recently decided to see it again and give it a second chance . It was clear , very funny and I really enjoyed it on my second watch.John Travolta plays a loan shark and collector who does n't enjoy his line of work or hurting people . In fact , he would really like to make films , his greatest passion . That alone should be enough of a hook to get you to buy or rent this great film .
 It 's had to say if Travolta was just caught up in the idea of being a gangster when he signed on for this movie but for whatever reason , this is one to add to the collection if you are a fan.Both a comedy and a kinda-drama , Get Shorty is about a Mobster debt collector who finds himself in Hollywood to collect on a debt . His affinity for motion pictures gets him involved in a deal that requires some finess to pull off.Good stuff all around ...
 The Bottom Line : A sharp satire of the movie industry on one hand and a completely engrossing story on the other , Get Shorty is fun , funny , fast-moving , and the type of movie that you want to watch again within days of seeing it the first time
 After winning one or more Oscars for his role in 1994 's PULP FICTION , John Travolta 's film career was refilled with `` high Travoltage '' . Following PF , Travolta relentlessly made at least one film year after year . This film was his first post-PF one . ADDAMS FAMILY director Barry Sonnenfeld had a great cast in this film which includes Gene Hackman , Danny DeVito , Rene Russo and Dennis Farina . In one scene , Ernest `` Chili '' Palmer -LRB- Travolta -RRB- returns some stolen money to an airport where it was stored . The money was stolen by Leo DeVoe -LRB- David Paymer -RRB- and was added to his casino winnings -LRB- $ 10,000 -RRB- . Chili borrows the money Leo won and promised him he 'd later repay it . In one of the first scenes , Ray Barboni -LRB- Farina -RRB- enters a restaurant where Chili is dining . Ray tells his buddies with him , `` It 's Chili outside and it 's Chili inside . It 's a regular f -- ing Chilifest ! '' . Hackman is Harry Zimm , a film producer for his own company , Zimm Productions . In another scene , Harry tells Ray on the phone , `` Harry Zimm tells you the way it is ! '' . Russo is Karen Flores , an actress . Chili befriends Karen in the film . DeVito is Martin `` Shorty '' Weir , also an actor . Chili was looking for Martin so Martin could appear in one of Harry 's future films . Also in the phone conversation between Harry and Ray , Harry tells Ray , `` You 've never been out of f -- ing Miami , dips -- t ! '' after Ray tells Harry that Ray never heard of Harry Zimm -LRB- Ray did n't know at the time he was actually talking to Harry -RRB- . Ray was sitting on the toilet when Harry phoned ! Also in the film is Delroy Lindo , whose character is a hitman who assassinates a young Hispanic man named Yayo -LRB- Jacob Vargas -RRB- . Yayo was about to repay money to his uncle Escobar -LRB- Miguel Sandoval -RRB- . Ray leaves Miami for Los Angeles to meet Harry . Harry , napping at his desk , asked who was knocking on his door . `` The dips -- t who 's never been out of Miami ! '' , Ray tells Harry . Harry suggests to Ray he partake in joint ownership of one of Harry 's future films , investing some money in it -LRB- what Chili owes Ray -RRB- . Ray was looking for Chili and Leo . Leo died in a plane crash while returning to Miami from Las Vegas . Ray beats up Harry so badly that Harry ends up in a hospital bed . Other memorable scenes include Ray being shot in the nose by Chili . Also physically abusive Ray punches Leo 's widow in the face . Paymer had a short role in one of Travolta 's earlier films ,1985 's PERFECT . Hackman won an Oscar for 1971 's THE FRENCH CONNECTION . Russo 's other films include MR. DESTINY , TIN CUP , OUTBREAK , LETHAL WEAPON 3 and 4 and SHOWTIME . Farina 's other films include MIDNIGHT RUN , ANOTHER STAKEOUT , STEALING HARVARD , SNATCH , STRIKING DISTANCE and THAT OLD FEELING . DeVito 's other films include THROW MOMMA FROM THE TRAIN , TWINS , JUNIOR , RENAISSANCE MAN and THE WAR OF THE ROSES . After this film , Travolta starred in WHITE MAN 'S BURDEN , BROKEN ARROW , IS N'T SHE LOVELY , FACE OFF , A CIVIL ACTION , PRIMARY COLORS , THE GENERAL 'S DAUGHTER , SWORDFISH , WINNING NUMBERS , PHENOMENON and MICHAEL . Great film !
 I am a veterinarian and though not a human doctor , I can very much relate to Martin 's clients and wish sometimes I could say to them what he says !! Go Away . Shut up . If you do n't have a real medical problem , why are you here ?!! Do n't get me wrong , I do love most of my clients but there are just days when I 'd just wish they 'd go away or stop talking . And , 90 % of my clients will continue to talk to me when I 'm listening to their pet 's chest , or trying to anyway ! Then there is the subtle humor of Martin tripping over clients or running them into doors . It 's just an all around great show and I 'm glad I can keep updated here on Amazon : -RRB-
 Being hooked on this series , I was glad to see the `` hook '' continue into Season 5 . At the end of Season 4 , I thought all the wierdo , but credible , events that could possibly take place had already taken place in everybody 's life who lived in Portwenn . But I was wrong . There is no end to the humanity of the local citizens and those who are just passing through ! It is so well casted we never want these people to go away!I do miss Pauline since she was the proverbial medical receptionist-back office `` practice manager '' . Pretty , savy , uneducated but very intelligent , she was always a step ahead of her doc . Dr. Ellingham needs her . And I think he needs red-haired Edith as a balance since Edith is his peer and accepts him as he is instead of trying to change him . Even though he needs to change , it is n't going to happen . The town people will change . Not Doc Martin . These men who ooze all that alpha male chemistry never change ! Is n't Martin Ellingham , MD just the man who deserves our love and hate , our admiration and contempt ? Still and all , I look forward to maybe seeing Pauline and Edith again . I do love Doc and want him to have all the loving support he deserves .
 Omg . . I LOVE this show ! The scenery , actors , story line , everything about it is just perfect . Martin Clunes is a riot the way he delivers his lines and his expressions . Just love it .
 I have owned all the first four seasons of this wonderfully funny series and was so happy to find # 5 was now available . I was just slightly disappointed in it and I repeat the word slightly!It begins brilliantly -- the two first episodes are just about perfect with the exceptiion of a lead character 's sudden death . -LRB- this was explained on a web site as having to do with the actress 's other committments -RRB- There are also some rather disjointed sequuences that seem to forget facts shown over and over in earlier epoisodes . The character of Pauline is really missed and some of the familiar settings seem different . -LRB- Pauline 's character of `` working in Bristol '' as the expelanationfor her absence.There are additiions , such as Louisa'a long lost mother making an appearance . Asusual , both Martin and Lousia veer off course in their relationship , and yet seem at other times to connect unusually well verbally in the early episodes . The baby is really adorable and is cared for in a very wonderful `` hands on '' fashion by not only Louisa and Martin , but by the whole villlage.Mrs . Tishell 's role in this season is my real problem with series 5 . The character is quickly turned into a pill popping pychotic ! This just does not fit with the same character who , even in pain in an earlier episode , with access to strong narcotics , puts the pill she is tempted to take back in the bottle in the pharmacy cabinet after Doc Martin refuses to prescribe them unless she takes off her neck collar to let him examine her . We all know she has a `` crush '' on the Doc , but to have her , a professional business woman go completely `` off the rails '' just does not fit all that has gone on before this particular season . Perhaps the writers should go back and view the past again -- it might help in the continuity.I will continue to watch these -- for if we do see this evolve into a season 6 , will hopefully show the growing depth of the love Louisa and Martin have for each other and their baby , There are lots of hints that these two are moving in the right direction in Season 5 .
 I can not rave long or hard enough about this series ! It is truly the best thing ever ... For those of you who remember `` Northern Exposure , '' this is a very similar British version and is just as quirky , hilarious and well acted . All of the characters are so endearing and the medical situations so clever and of course the `` Asperger-ish '' Dr. Ellingham just makes it all the more entertaining ... I love this show and ca n't get enough ; it truly keeps me sane and I 'm not sure what I 'll do when the series ends ... Perhaps a move to `` Portwenn '' is what the doctor ordered ????
 I can not wait to enjoy series 5 with my husband and friends who are fans of Doc Martin . We watched series 1-4 on netflix and were so excited when we heard about the release of series 5 in the fall of 2011 .
 I could n't wait to buy Season 5 . I pre-ordered it without reading any reviews . Then I read the reviews and was concerned . So , before I pushed the play button on the DVD player , I warned my husband that we probably were n't going to like Season 5 . WELL , we have watched all of Season 5 twice now and I really do n't understand the negative reviews at all . It seems to me that some folks just do n't like change , which is understandable , but have an open mind , folks ! Sometimes change is refreshing and for the best . Yes - Aunt Joan is not in the show and you 'll find out why in the second episode , but another one of Martin 's aunts , Aunt Ruth -LRB- superbly played by Eileen Atkins -RRB- inherits Joan 's farm and adds unique interest to the show in our opinion . And yes , Pauline is gone , but so what ? I 'm not sure I wanted another season of her fluffy frocks and whiney voice anyway - though the character was fun and Katherine Parkinson did an awesome job . Most of the other townspeople are there . Louisa -LRB- Carolyn Catz -RRB- is as beautiful as ever , and the baby is absolutely adorable . I do n't want to give away too much , but you can tell that Doc really does care for his little son , as weird as the Doc is . We love Doc Martin and will be first in line to pre-order Season 6 - if there is one !
 Look up tvshowsondvd.com for more information about Doc Martin fans of the show . They have updated news . NOT a DVD purchasing site . Just gives information about shows on DVD or soon to be on DVD :--RRB- Hope this helps anyone who wants it.Enjoy !
 After 4 seasons the plots usually are stale . Well not with Doc Martin ! This really is a great relaxing show . Give it a try for light entertainment !
 Great show ! Funny & sweet . Excellent actors & wonderful scenery . Ca n't wait for next season . Hopefully Martin & Louisa can work things out or at least entertain us in the process . A show the whole family can enjoy !
 During the showings of Doc Martin Series 5 , wondering -LRB- hoping , anxious to see ! -RRB- if there would be a Series Six , I decided to check out the Amazon reviews . I read them all . One of them is so pessimistic that I wonder if Dr. Ellingham 's personality has rubbed off on the writer of that one , which very much disheartened me . I learned there , that Aunt Ruth is not a good replacement for Aunt Joan
 Wanted to see the parts I missed . Very good subject matter and enjoyed the ambiguity of the plot and subject matter . Anyone wanting something a bit different in medicine would find this interesting .
 Doc Martin continues to be charming , witty , and -- despite his stoic exterior -- very emotionally engaging . The setting , characters , plot , and themes could not be better . Martin Clunes is one of the best comic actors of our time . And Carolyn Catz has the nicest smile of any actress on TV . The writing is superb.But DO N'T BOTHER wasting your time watching the 62 minutes of `` extras . '' They are the worst `` Making of '' / `` Interviews '' programs I 've ever sat through . Can you say repetitious ? Can you say repetitious ? Can you say repetitious ? They intersperse interviews with the SAME THREE scenes from the last episode over and over -- played at least 12 times over the 8 programs . Some of the interviews with the actors -LRB- which actually are pretty interesting -RRB- are actually repeated ! Someone ought to go through them , snip out the -LRB- non-repeated -RRB- interviews , and put together a youtube video of the non-repeated stuff -- it would last about 10 minutes . And do a good deed for humanity.I do n't subtract any stars for this -- all you got ta do is ignore it . The show overrides any and all faults with the extras .
 Doc Martin became an addiction this spring . After having watched all series , I started the current series and had to miss two episodes . Being they were the last 2 episodes , I just had to purchase them . I loved them and loved being able to find them to purchase . Many thanks !!
 And the saga continues . Doc Martin will be Doc Martin , but as a dad he may come around to `` it 's called being human '' as Louisa would say .
 It 's been a long wait since season four , but I 'm glad to see from this first epi that Doc Martin has lost none of its charm , humor and wonderful characters . Thanks to Amazon for making this season available !!!!
 While I do n't feel this series was as strong as the first four , I would n't have missed it and ca n't wait for Series 6 which I guess has been given the `` green light '' . Just feel the writing and character development was better in the earlier series . Do n't feel Louisa 's mother added much to the story and too much time was wasted on her . It would be great if Doc Martin got a smart , savvy receptionist for a change to give him a run for his money . I do think if you 've enjoyed 1-4 you wo n't want to go without this , and here 's hoping Series 6 will be back to their old , wonderful standards . In the mean time , escape to Port Wenn !
 Loved Season 5 just like all the others . Was so surprised to see complaints and the negative reviews about this season . I thought there were terrific performances by `` Mrs. Tishell '' and Martin 's Aunt . This series will always be one of my favorites . Love the character development . Outstanding and enjoyable . Watch it from the beginning .
 Highest quality entertainment . The series is irresistibly addictive . Have hooked friends and others on the series . Would recommend to all .
 My wife and I like the English mysteries like the complete Midsomer Murder series and the complete Doc Martin series .
 Great series . We all love watching Doc . Excellent acting with interesting characters . Much better than comedies here at home . Would highly recommend .
 What a great TV show . Very entertaining series , fantastic scenery and captivating characters . I ca n't until Series 6 is available .
 Loved it ! The only thing I did n't like was that it is the last one . Ca n't wait until a new series comes out . I believe I like Doc Martin better than my soap operas and that is really saying a lot .
 Martin is the best ... ... . More words required ? ... . Enough words now ?
 Great order . Received in a timely manner and DVDs were new as listed.No problem with delivery or quality . I recommend this site .
 Quirky , entertaining , outstanding ; acting good enough to overcome the strong British accents . . Doc Martin takes us back to the old family Doc in our town when we were kids except Portwenn is far more scenic .
 Another portion of the Doc Martin series . Many old favorites and a few new , lovable characters . I especially like seeing Doc soften with the new baby .
 Because I 'm a Dr. Martin fan and I always enjoy this show he and the castgive a 5 star proformance !
 Ah , those guys across the pond love to do tongue-in-cheek humor . And they are so damn good at it . Great to have Series 5 in my home so that I may dive into whenever I want . Love it . Love it . You go , Doc . You go . The disk works great , arrived on time , good packaging . What more can I say ?
 This is One of the Best British Comedies of All Time . Very Very Funny , Entertaining & for the entire Family
 Own the entire series to date and enjoy every viewing of it . Pure unadulterated life in a Cornish seaside town . No murders and little to no violence . Simply entertainment with miner kerfuffles . Doc martin cares deeply for the villagers but would never let them know it .
 i somehow missed this season , so i am so happy to have found this . it is great . i am hooked on this series
 We love the series , unfortunately we saw all that were on Netflix including those on this DVD at least 3 times . Are there any later series available ? LJY
 I bought this for someone who finds television too violent . this wonderful series is terrific and a lot of fun .
 I love the cast . This is one of those shows where you ca n't wait to find out what happens next to every character . I am really glad I 'm able to add this to my collection . It reminds me of the series &#34; Northern Exposure &#34; which I also love for the same reason .
 The DVD was received in a very timely manner and met all of my expectations . I would reccomend this video and Amazon to anyone looking for a place to purchase any DVDs . I am totally pleased with the purchase I made from Amazon . I hope to buy more in the future .
 Fantastic , looking forward to series 6 . Hope it wo n't be too long , this is what exciting viewing is about . Love it .
 A lovely conclusion to Season Five!The scenery is spectacular . Will there be a sixth season that we can anticipate ? The cast is exceptional and the fans want more Doc Martin !
 I got hooked on this show and truely miss it now that I 've watched all that is offered . Hope there is more to come .
 Thoroughly enjoyable ! So addictive ! I actually watched the series twice . It was amazing to see dysfunctional families become a bit more normal . Hope for them kept stringing me along ! Do make another series !
 This was a gift for a very dear cousin . She loved it , along with 1 thru 4 of the series that I sent .
 This is a very funny , witty and entertaining series . My family and I are completely hooked . We love the BBC and will purchase more in this genre .
 I have watched Series 5 and eagerly awaiting the next one . The twists and turns in Series 5 are totally unexpected and leaves one wondering what is in store for the next series . I highly recomend it . Keep them coming .
 I received the dvd series 5 set in just a few days and at a very good price.Would be very happy to deal with them again .
 Doc Martin is a rascal that ca n't be kept down . In his tiny village by the sea , he now has to deal with a baby as well as the prospect of marriage , and the whole village is still at him with all of their inane problems . Just what will he do?Season 5 seems to bring a sense of humanity to the good doctor that I felt has been long in coming . His passion and knowledge is put to the test with the arrival of a new doctor and everyone in the village are at the ends of their sanity.The wit and dry-humor are well portrayed in this series and I look forward to the release of season 6 in the near future .
 Fatherhood slowly starts a softening of this character 's stoic and almost detached responses to situations . He is still all business but now there seems to be a chink in his armor . Could it be he is becoming more humane ? God forbid .
 As always , Doc Martin lives up to his reputation . A great combination of characters . I anxiously await the next season .
 Season 5 wraps up a number of loose ends from the earlier years and makes one hope that plans for the sixth -LRB- and reportedly final -RRB- series come to fruition for the 2013-14 season .
 My wife and I completely enjoy Doc Martin . We find the characters unique , funny , but also with real-life concerns and problems . We both highly recommend it .
 Fabulose entertaiment . I also got Series1-4 . Watched this DVD recently and will go back and watch it again soon .
 My wife and I love Doc Martin and have seen all but Series 5 that was filmed last year . We were delighted to find this episode 5 of season 5 , but could not find more episodes using our streaming device for television . Upon checking Amazon website by computer , I have located the remaining episodes of Season 5 . We look forward to viewing the remaining episodes . Thanks .
 Doc Martin is a hilarious and intelligent series . Find myself cracking up when I watch him and it 's not easy to make me laugh these days . We do need more doctors like him who are genuinely more interested in our care than in money or frivolous matters . However , his bedside manners could use some improvement and he needs to be nicer to Louisa . I ca n't wait for the next new series . I would have given 5 stars , but there was less than I thought would be on the DVD . Could be kinda expensive if you have to pay for all new DVDs with just 5 or 6 episodes on each . Totally Doc Martin and the backdrops of Port Wynn are beautiful !
 We love the Doc Martin series . We purchased Series 1-4 and coul n't wait until series 5 came out . Now we 'll have to wait until series 6 is completed . This is the only TV/video that we do n't fall asleep while watching . The plots are different from anything you 've ever seen .
 I am normally a action junkie , not that I like action that much , but at least I wo n't fall asleep generally if it is action . I have never been fond of British humor . A tad dry , that is until I accidentally ran into Doc Martin . The writing is above average as well as the acting , with Doc Martian being the focal point around the series , watching a person from the city deal with country people with different values is one thing , but these people are all comedians without coming across as a comedian , but simple country people.I have all five of the seasons and everyone is simply the cheapest investment in anything I have ever made . In fact the series has been good enough to watch 3 and 4 times , always leaving you with wanting more and wondering what life would be like without our Doc Martin . I hope I will never have to find out !
 The Doc Martin series is one of my favorite , and I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys smart humor , great character development , and a well-written story line . One warning - this series is addictive !
 Doc Martin is a wonderful series - the characters are so down to earth and realistic , and the scenery is great
 I waited for this season and I have to say it was worth the wait . Doc Martin is an extremely upbeat comedy show I originally did not like . It seems that if you give something a chance , you might be surprised . This last season really shows the talented writers of this show .
 this was a christmas gift for my father . he 's a big fan of the series and this was a great way to catch up on episodes
 Excellent service , love the series . I recommend using Alex 's Market Place for any of your present and future orders . Fast service .
 You do n't really need them but the subtitles would be nice . Catch up Amazon ! But Doc Martin never disappoints . Great series ! Highly recommend it .
 I have all five of the Doc Martin series as well as the Doc Martin movies , The conclusion , # 5 , is as good as all the preceding ones . It ends on a very romantic , lovely note .
 Doc Martin is getting to be better and better . I wish Season 6 was in the can and ready for sale !
 Doc Martin was , as always , fabulous , but the player -LRB- from an iPad -RRB- would n't hook up to the television ! It 's the first place to have this season of Doc Martin for us Americans , and we ca n't even watch it like normal people !!
 Ca n't wait for the next season . Writers have managed to gently tease out the story without being completely obvious . Actors , setting make it a delightful diversion from the usual tv fare .
 I streamed the first four seasons from Netflix and enjoyed them so much , I was compelled to watch the fifth too . I liked it just as well as the first four . I recently came back from 2.5 months in England . I drove all over the country , but enjoyed Cornwall most of all . Doc Martin is hilarious in an understated English way . He is also `` unfiltered '' and says whatever he has on his mind . Portwenn -LRB- actually Port Isaac -RRB- is typical of many of the beautiful small towns you see in Cornwall . The scenery is amazing and the show takes the time to let you appreciate it . As an aside , the streaming process with Amazon is simple and worked great .
 I am so happy to have received my season 5 of Doc Martin ! My dvd 's were brand new and I ca n't wait to run a marathon !
 Love the series ! Superb writing , humor , acting . Not a stand alone set but the answer to what happened next in the lives of Louisa and Doc Martin in idylic Portween .
 We did n't begin watching the Doc during the first season but have rapidly caught up with him . Looking forward to future seasons with Martin , Luisa , and the baby .
 Am buying series 5 based on the entertainment value of the first 4 . TV at its best . Hope there will be a series 6 and 7 . The sly humor , the entire cast of characters the romance , the scenery . All exquisitely rendered .
 I got hooked on the `` Doc '' by watching on my local PBS station . This Brit series has very funny stories and the characters , as-well-as the actors that portray them , are great , but I miss Martin 's aunt -LRB- so sad -RRB- . Martin Clunes is fantastic . I.m looking forward to series 6 . ARN
 another funny year of doc martin , does not disappoint . martin clune is both a great actor and clever comedy performer . the supporting cast is fantastic . the scenery is fabulous
 Finally , after a 2 year hiatus , the Doc Martin series continues . It was a very long wait for those of us that learned to love this well-acted , humorous series . We can only hope that this series will continue as it becomes addictive very rapidly .
 I am so glad I purchased Series 1-4 and Series 5 of this delightful series . So great to see Eileen Atkins , who produced Upstairs Downstairs , in a film . Also Martin Clunes is a great actor who would play the role of Winston Churchill in a film very well because he resembles him . I want to purchase all the films in which he has starred so far . He is brilliant .
 I own series 1-4 and needed to complete my collection , I love Doc Martin , and want the series to continue for a long time
 Loved it ! Hope for a season 6 . Continues to offer quirky characters , unique situations and excellent acting . Martin Clunes has become my favorite actor .
 This is now airing on PBS in Cape Cod , Massachusetts . Meanwhile last week here -LRB- NYC area -RRB- , PBS showed the Doc Martin Movie during a pledge drive , and warned viewers that if we do n't send in a donation they might not be able to bring us Season 5 . So why ca n't PBS bring it to all the other states ??
 A continuation of a quirky but wonderful series , Martin Clunes is the best & makes you want to see what else he can get mixed up in .
 I purchased series 1-4 , finished them , and had to rush and get series 5 . I am already on my third run through watching this great show . Absolutely adore Martin Clunes as Doc . The whole cast is wonderful and a delight to watch . I find myself watching alot of British television these days . It 's fantastic .
 Wish it did n't end . Very clever writing . Martin Clunes is great . As great as Baumi Phips . Makes me want to move there .
 My husband I enjoy this program , ca n't wait tell the next one comes out . I like the charectors and the humor and quirky mannerism 's .
 Season 5 holds one surprise after another and ends very satisfactory . It took Doc Martin long enough to figure out what he really wanted did n't it ?
 Beautiful scenery , realistic British cast ; I like Doc 's new aunt ! Doc Martin plays a believable , cantankerous , yet truly caring town doctor .
 Love everything about this show
 Doc Martin is one of those comedies I could watch week after week and never get tired of seeing the same old episodes . Five seasons and a disc containing two movies that led to the development of the character . I am eagerly awaiting another new season.So many comedic twist , you never know where this one will end up . Well worth renting -LRB- free with Amazon Prime -RRB- and good enough to make a permanent addition to your collection .
 I love this series . I enjoy getting to know all of the characters in this little village -- each with his or her own unique foibles and idiosyncrasies . They are not the &#34; beautiful people &#34; we typically see in a Hollywood production .
 This is your chance to visit one of the most beautiful locations Great Britain has to offer and watch how a stuffy surgeon from London deals with a town full of quirky people . My wife and I own the entire set and we ca n't wait for Series 6 .
 I came away from this series with mixed feelings . I was glad to have viewed it and sorry when it ended . Overall , I thought it was very good , especially the first 4 episodes but it started to go downhill from there with the eighth and last episode being a little silly and not up to the standards for the series itself.I was glad that a few characters were written out of the series , either by death or moving away -LRB- as it is with life -RRB- and new characters appearing to freshen up and add depth to the series . This , to my mind , is not a comedy but rather a drama about life in a small English village , Port Wenn , where an emotionally disturbed doctor resides and interacts with the village inhabitants . I liked Martin 's other Aunt -LRB- new one -RRB- ; she brings intelligence to the series . Whereas , they typecast the new receptionist as another airhead , which would not have been my choice if I was writing it . Why not someone at the front desk who is sharp and could make up for the social skills Doc Martin obviously lacks , someone who could stand up to him , giving it to him as good as she gets?As for Doc Martin in Series 5 , he is grumpier than ever . He is as awkward , distant , lacking in social skills and empathy as before . He is oblivious to the emotions of others and how and what he says impacts those around him . We are being treated to someone who very well mimics the symptoms of Asperger 's Syndrome . He has very much difficulty in the ability , if any at all , to recognize the feelings and frustrations that Louisa goes through in her interaction with him . She looks truly exhausted . I wonder if its real and she is tiring of this character and the series , or she is just playing the part of a mother with a baby and a job to hold down , whereas the father has little involvement other than occasionally babysitting . He is truly an unlikable character but you also know that he is not aware of his actions and their repercussions . He does n't have a clue.The cute baby is the star of series 5 and his presence almost breaks through Doc Martin 's antisocial behavior at times . When Louisa stabs her spoon into a soft-boiled egg in one scene , that seemed to have said it all . It could have ended right there , but instead they carried on with last episode and ended it in such a way as to keep things alive for a Series 6 . For Louisa , in that scene , it seems that she finally realized that even though she loves Martin and he , in his way , loves her , this relationship is hopeless and will never blossom . In this scene , while they are eating dinner , she clearly sees he will not or can not ever change to any degree of emotional maturity , or be able to return her love in kind.I was sorry to see Series 5 end , but in a way , I am not looking forward to Series 6 if it perpetuates more of the same . We are lead to believe in the end of the last episode that Doc Martin has magically transformed into an empathetic person who will remain in practice in Port Wenn and not take that job in London . I did n't believe it . But , for now they have left an opening and loose ends to tie for another Series of episodes . I wo n't comment on the other characters as this series is all about Martin , Louisa and the baby . The rest are there for background and context to fill out the drama .
 I spent the last week sick in bed and my sister recommended I watch this series on Netflix . I got hooked very quickly . I absolutely love this show with all of its wonderful , quirky characters . I had a lot of TV on TIVO I had planned to catch up on but once I started with this show I went through every episode from the first four seasons without watching any of my TIVO . I wish we had shows this good in the US ! I ca n't wait for the next season to come out . If you have n't seen it , you must give it a try . I ca n't imagine not liking it , even if only for the beautiful scenery of Portwenn . -LRB- Really Port Isaac in Cornwall , England . -RRB- That location is now on my bucket list .
 We saw `` Doc Martin , The Movie '' on TV and immediately fell in love with the title character and the people of Portwenn , a fictitious fishing village in Cornwall , England . It 's so funny ; we found it necessary to buy the series and pre-order Season 5 . Doc Martin is an irascible General Practitioner who was a successful Obstetrician based in London . The reason for his move is one you will have to find out by buying this series . Funny as Hell and the people who suffer his ministrations are lovable Provincials whose characters are all well-developed by the writers . He is a very capable diagnostician but has no people skills of which to speak . Especially delightful to lovers of the English language is the dialogue he and others use . Notable among these it the three word put-down he uses on the `` Doctor 's Friend '' . Note them well , it 's something to admire in the British . Use them here in the States on the unwashed masses and you 'll get away with it , they wo n't know how you 've just put them in their place . There are a delicious number of love interests that develop in the series and the sexual tension is heightened when Doc Martin inadvertently meets up with an old colleague , a provocative London Cardiologist ; a lovely bit of red-haired pastry that I would be hard pressed to resist . The 5th season continues with one important character deleted only to be replaced by another who is portrayed by one of the most talented English actresses working today and to top it off , she is as hard-nosed as Doc Martin ! I reacted with pleasure to every one of her appearances . A number of other actors that are recognizable by viewers of earlier BBC Masterpiece presentations appear in cameo roles . I kept awaiting that delightfully erotic nymphet of a surgeon to appear again in series 5 , to no avail . Series 6 , which is sorely needed and will be equally as welcome as the preceding ones will hopefully bring that red-haired miscreant back to complicate Doc Martins life once again . Someone must stand up to this man , and she can do it in the most devastating manner ! Having the new baby complicates everyones life , it 's surprising the baby survives its numerous caregivers , one of whom is found to be wearing an electronic ankle bracelet that the court ordered ! For relief from the tense world we live in at present I -LRB- and you should also -RRB- turn to `` Doc Martin '' to help forget our worries . Do n't rely on PBS to replay this series when you 'd like to see it again ; add it to your library
 Two years on from Series 4 Doc Martin has returned to our screens and this series was well worth the wait . Formerly a highly successful surgeon who has developed a phobia for performing operations and in particular to the sight of blood , Doctor Martin Ellingham has started a new life as a GP in the quiet Cornish village of Port Wenn in the UK . However , having absolutely zero people skills and a nonexistent bedside manner , traits which extend to his personal life and in particular his relationship with his former partner , the long suffering Louisa , his dealings with the locals are somewhat uneasy.The last series ended with Doc Martin wondering whether to move back to London , or stay in Port Wenn to support Louisa who has just given birth to their child . However , Doc Martin is less than impressed with his replacement as GP , and predictably decides to stay on . Quite a number of the plots this time round feature the rather haphazard child minding arrangements for the baby , and at one stage this is subcontracted out by Louisa 's mother to some teenage girls at the bargain price of 2 -LRB- about $ 3 -RRB- an hour ! The climax to this series again revolves around the baby , but we do not have a cliffhanger ending this time round which I was grateful for as this always seems somewhat contrived.Port Wenn is a quiet , country village and nothing of great significance seems to happen for a lot of the time . When something out of the ordinary does happen , it is played out to the full . For example , one episode is based on Bert Large , the restaurateur , borrowing 1,000 -LRB- $ 1500 -RRB- from a wheelchair bound loan shark and his dim son , and being concerned about unspecified ` repercussions ' in the event of non repayment . However , much of the charm of this show lies in the gently eccentric characters who abound in Port Wenn . This time particular mention should be made of Morwenna , the Doc 's new and somewhat scatty young receptionist who clearly does her best - Bless ! Louisa 's mother , who has rather eccentric views on keeping babies quiet and the rather stoic Aunt Ruth are also strong characters worthy of mention.Yet again Martin Clunes excels as Doc Martin , playing the part with a largely expressionless face except for the odd twinge of exasperation or irritation which occasionally crosses his brow . He has made this part his own and you really can not imagine anyone else as Doc Martin . There seems to be some doubt as to whether there will be a sixth series and certainly there has been no announcement so far . I think it will be a real shame if we have to make do with the 37 episodes to date , 8 of them from the latest series , as I would think this show has the potential to run and run .
 Doc Martin is a favorite of all times . Love how a comedian can have such a straight and sour puss face . Martin Clune pulls it off perfectly . Sometimes I feel bad for his character to be so stoic and maladjusted . But then I tell myself it is only a show , not reality .
 Love the series . I saw the first of the series a year ago on PBS and then found the entire series on Amazon Prime . I have seen all the episodes and am going through them again because they are that good . .
 Even better than the previous seasons , in that we are seeing doc slowly , maybe even glacially , turn into a human being . The addition of another of doc 's aunts is a great plus . I do n't even have a functioning television , I dislike tv programming so much , but doc martin is a joy . and watching it on my fire , with no commercials , is the best .
 Caught this my chance one evening on PBS and laughed so hard I cried . His dry sense of humor has me hooked .
 Another set of wonderfully funny and quirky episodes . All the characters are well defined and draw your sympathy . Even the dog !
 Didn , t want it to end . Felt like vacationing in cornwall england ? This review form is absolutely ridiculous and I think it 's rude to tell me that mw11words were not enough
 Such a fun series with the irascible Doc Martin . Series picks up where it was supposed to have `` finished '' at the end of the 4th with more of the clueless misfits of Port Wenn and their medical mayham . Series keeps getting better and better with the addition of the new family member in the 5th season .
 I FIRST WATCHED THE MOVIE , I REALLY ENJOYED IT ... SAW IT TURNED INTO A TV SERIES . I WAS HOOKED . I LOVE IT.CAN ' T WAIT FOR SEASON 6 .
 I am delighted to own Doc Martin series 5 . I can now get my `` fix `` when ever I want it . Ca n't wait for series 6 . Glad it was available .
 Fantastic series ! Can not wait for the new ones to come out . Prices are so much better than when I purchased only a month or so ago !
 Ca n't wait for the next season to start . We watched seasons one through four free with prime and bought season five . Who would n't love this guy ! It 's not so much that he learns to love the village , but the village learns to love him for what he is - someone who has absolutely no grasp on social skills . Now we 're ready for a new season !
 What a great show . Martin Clunes and the cast are fantastic . If you like British humor you 're going to love Doc Martin . I loved the movie , but the series is even better . Martin Clunes grows deeply in his role as Doctor Martin Ellingham . His acting abilities are so superior and few actors rarely achieve his ability to show such `` under the surface '' emotions while having a `` cast-iron '' exterior . Of course , there 's his supporting cast mates too -- Ian McNiece and a few other noticeable 's will really make you want to watch each episode back to back ... I 've made Doc Martin marathons over the weekend happen about six times . Did I say ... yes , six times in a row ... I always go back to Doc Martin . The acting , text and subtext is spectacular , but most beautiful is Port Wenn -LRB- Port Issac -RRB- a beautiful little village in the Cornwall area where Doc Martin is shot . Trust me the cinematography is spectacular too ! Lovely show -- a refreshing slice of life that grows on you . Doc Martin -- Humorous , healthy , healing !
 One of our favorite series . We have seen all of the seasons available so far . We wish there were more !
 Martin Clunes 's genius and incredible talent along with Ben Bolt 's direction and eye for detail served to make this British series a rare treat The supporting cast and stunning location made this offering one of the most enjoyable shows I have ever had the good fortune to watch ! I highly recommended this TV series !
 Simply put , it could n't be better.This is what we need more of in the US . One episode of this is worth a whole year of the junk TV we get here . Great work from the cast , and the whole crew that produced it . Bravo .
 If you 've seen the first 4 series , you 'll know you ca n't miss this . The scenery , the accents , the characters , the humor ... love it !
 The characters in this series are splendid and the acting is first rate . The scerery is hard to beat and the moral overtones are subtle but there . If you are tired of the endless parade of meaningless reality TV programming , give yourself a delightful treat and watch the whole series beginning with the first year .
 I am glad I added Series 5 of Doc Martin to my collection . I do not mind watching episodes more than once .
 I really liked the first 4 series , so when I discovered series 5 , I could n't wait to receive it.I liked that new characters were introduced , but the core characters remained . The last episode in this series was especially poignant . I do n't want to give it away!Any plans for a series 6 , etc ???? I hope so .
 Fell in love with Doc Martin as soon as I saw him on TV . What a character . Ca n't wait to see all these episodes . Great experience . Shipped quickly . Very pleased .
 My local PBS station is only showing series 2 . I could not wait . The price was very good . Quirky British humor .
 I really enjoy the Doc Martin Series . Very different and funny . I had previously purchased Series 1 - 4 , and wanted 5 to complete my set . Hope Series 6 comes out soon .
 Great series love this show great gift to people you want to make Laugh.The order was fast and came in great condition !!!
 We love this show , so we wanted to get Series 5 . Everything has been perfectly satisfactory . The transaction was flawless , and the merchandise was in perfect condition when we received it .
 Once again the British have produced one of the funniest series we have watched . Doctor Martin is hilarious . I wish our entertainment industry could produce such quality .
 How can you go wrong with this series ? The acting is superb , the scenery magnificent , and the direction flawless .
 We love Doc Martin and were disappointed when we had finished viewing Seasons 1-4 . So we are really enjoying Season 5 .
 I love this show . Am watching it right now . Sorry it is not still running . The scenery is just gorgeous ! Wish more British classics showed more of that . I 've been to UK several times and love the countryside and villages .
 Loved it I just watched all 5 seasons again for the 2nd time Thepeople in the village are flustrating to watch yet make you laugh . . as Doc Martin deals with them in surgery He makes you laugh athis impatcience with the people not following his advice . .
 I am hooked on Doc Martin and Season 5 was worth the wait . Martin Clunes is a fantastic actor and the others in the show can act circles around most Hollywood actors .
 Series 5 had most of the dingy characters as the rest of the Doc Martin series and the townspeople are still always havingall kinds of problems . Lots of new twists to the stories .
 This show is one of the most interesting on PBS , I can hardly wait for the next chapter . I was very overjoyed to hear that the Sixth Season is currently being filmed in England . This is great news indeed . It will be shown on PBS in 2013 . Hopefully even more seasons will follow . I intend to order season 6 on DVD as soon as it is available .
 Typical British humor . My husband and I roared with laughter . This London doctor has to leave his postion as a surgeon because of a blood phobia and takes a job as a General Practitioner in a small Cornish town . Right from the start his clashes with the town 's quirky residents . A must see .
 We 've just finished viewing this latest series and sincerely hope there will be a follow-up . Doc Martin fans will enjoy owning this DVD . The Views of Portwenn -LRB- Port Isaac -RRB- are especially fine in this series .
 I 've enjoyed the series tremendously , they 're very entertaining . The story line continues to grow , never boring . I zipped through Series 5 and am anxiously awaiting the next season .
 A friend loaned me the first season , and while I did not find the series ` absolutely hilarious ' as advertised , I fell in love with EVERY SINGLE CHARACTER ! It is well written and brilliantly acted . I am planning to buy the whole series .
 I echo what reviewers have said about the entire Doc Martin series -- it 's charming , funny , moving in places , laugh out loud in others , beautifully structured and written and acted and edited . It 's just about perfect television . I was hooked from Season 1 , ep . 2 , so badly I held my own Doc Martin marathon and streamed all 4 seasons in a little over a week ! I recently started to watch them again in anticipation of Season 5 and they 're just as good on second viewing . Things have certainly changed in this most recent season , not just with characters leaving and different emphasis placed on others , but even the pacing and look of the film stock -LRB- less saturated , more washed out -RRB- . Combined with the new writing and plot lines , the feeling is less summer by the sea , more `` fall '' with a darkness and feeling of extremes . But as the episodes go on , things iron out a bit , and some blue sky and warmth return -- along with a very typical yet touching and beautiful Cyrano de Bergerac-style moment between Martin and Louisa . If you loved Seasons 1-4 , then Season 5 is a must-see , no matter what happens to our friends in Portwenn . It 's well worth the agony of a few missteps to get the payoff . Now on to Season 6 !
 We have been keeping up with Doc Martin and have 1-5 series.We have been starting over when we finished the 5th series.Never get tired of watching.Waiting for the 6th to come out.PLEASE , PLEASE DO N'T STOP MAKING THEM!We ca n't wait for the next series.Have daughter and son-in-law crazy about it also now .
 Doc Martin is the most entertaining show I have ever viewed . There is humor mixed with pathos and a bunch of fantastic personalities all running amock in the countryside . A great experience .
 We have several British series and love each and every one of the episodes . . our only problem - again and always - is that the background music is too loud and at times completely drowns the voices . . Still it is excellent and extremely enjoyable . Keep them coming ! Doc Martin is funny and you ca n't help but love him - as eccentric as he is !
 We loved Series 1-4 so we just had to order Series 5 . We loved it and ca n't wait for Series 6 to come out . I think I 'd like to live there and live that life as crazy as it is at times !
 Doc Martin is one of the best shows I have seen in a long time along with Downton Abbey . If you like Downton Abbey you will like this . I happened upon it one day on regular television and found the first season on Net Flick 's . When I wanted to see more , I found the remaining seasons free on my Amazon Prime account ! When I wanted to see the final season - 5 , I needed to purchase and it was well worth the cost ! I recently learned they have decided to film a sixth season and I can not wait for it to come out . Can not say enough about what a great program this is and thanks to Amazon Prime I was able to watch most of it for free through my account with them !
 This is a quality program , interesting and believable characters and beautiful scenery . You need to check this show out . . from he beginning .
 Most fun I 've had in a long time ! If you love the English you will adore this . Each series seems to draw you in even more . The characters are just superb . Can not wait for Series 6 !!!
 Having fallen in love with the `` Doc Martin '' series in its first four -LRB- 4 -RRB- episodes , I desired intensely for another season and here it is ! Season five -LRB- 5 -RRB- was certainly worth the anxiety of my anticipation.Although Season five -LRB- 5 -RRB- has changes -LRB- i.e. , void of beloved characters from the first seasons , fatherhood for the Doc , etc -RRB- , I still love the series . `` Doc Martin '' is so well written , directed and acted and it 's still filled with `` laugh out loud '' humor . Fatherhood has not `` tempered '' the Doctor -- yes he does show concern for his son ; however , he carries him like a `` sack of potatoes '' and NO Doc Martin has NOT acquired any `` bedside manners '' being as brilliant of a doctor as ever but speaking to the wonderfully eccentric characters that are his patients in his usual very funny and most rude manner -- why I adore the series . -LRB- Of the new characters , the Doc 's `` new aunt '' is acted greatly by one of my most favorite actresses , Eileen Atkins -- she 's almost as cranky but very intuitive as Martin -- I love it . I also must add that my adored Mrs. Tishell , the much besotted of Martin , chemist , is featured alot in season five , much to my joy -RRB-
 What a shame American TV can not be more like this . Only the British can pull something like this off . I ca n't say any more than what has already been said . What a team of writers , players and producers . I 'm bummed that I will have to wait until 2014 to watch Series 6 ! I 'm also sad we Americans do not have access to more of Martin Clunes ' work like his documentaries on dogs , horses , the British Isles and the lemurs of Madagascar . At least I have not been able to locate USA format DVDs.I doubt that Mr. Clunes would ever come to the States to work . What a pity .
 The entire Doc Martin Series is always welcome at our house . We enjoy the characters . The actors and the scenery are splendid as well .
 I was referred to `` Doc Martin '' by a business associate and decided to check it out . Seasons 1-4 were available via Netflix . My wife and I watched the first episode of season one and I was n't sure if I wanted to see the next episode or not . Doctor Ellingham , labeled Doc Martin by the locals was a dysfunctional , unpleasant person with absolutely no social skills , and as arrogant as any surgeon you may have ever met . But we continued on to the second episode and we were hooked . All of the characters are likeable , although all are loaded with flaws . Favorite moments included when a heavy set woman accuses Doc Martin of thinking she is fat , to which he responds condescendingly , `` You are fat ! '' Another is when he kisses the female lead , and in a tender moment begins diagnosing why she has bad breath . Doc Martin is highly addictive . We were left wanting more when we made it through seasons 1-4 , and preordered season 5 as soon as it was available . We were not disappointed . Warning
 Have enjoyed all the Doc Martins ... was sorry aunt Joan died ... she was a buffer for Doc ... but like the new grouchy aunt . Obviously curmudgeons run in the family .
 Congratulations to the writers and actors of this series . It is most enjoyable and is so interesting , that you just ca n't wait to see what will happen next in the life of Doc Martin . The actors who portray the characters , especially Bert Large , are hysterical . Pay close attention to the expressions on his face whenever he is talking . The man is a natural born actor . Martin Clunes , if he has n't already , should receive some sort of an award for his portrayal of Doc Martin . I am hoping this series will continue in the future . I give it 5 stars !
 Having watched series 1-4 , this was a good , but not great continuation . Unfortunately , in my opinion , series 5 is not as interesting or engaging as the earlier series .
 I love Doc Martin , even into Season 5 , although it is beginning to get a bit old . How can so many quirky characters seem so right , so normal ? All in good fun .
 The four stars are for a couple of episodes where the DVD stops in places for a few seconds before moving on . I hope they do n't become permanent!Otherwise , it would be 5 stars for a great series with great actors and stories .
 Love the quirkiness of the ensemble cast and the plots . It will be interesting to see how the relationship between Martin and his son develops . For that matter , between Martin & Louisa .
 This show is quaint , amusing , and charming . The characters and their dysfunction draw you in . Always an interesting situation while developing a long lasting storyline .
 Doc Martin and Louisa are fantastic ! Your old friends are back . PC Penhale grows a backbone in one episode . Mrs. Tishel 's worship of Martin is exposed .
 Got this one too
 Still in the middle of this series on PBS . Love it ! Just received the DVD in the mail , but enjoy the entrique of waiting for the next episode . I do so hope there 'll be a continuation with Series 6 . Also , Mrs. Tishell is a &#34; kick &#34; . She 's all aflutter when Doc Martin comes around and just does n't get it that he does n't even know she exists . Hilarious ! !
 I got hooked on Doc Martin while visiting England and had to buy the entire series when I got home so I could see every episode . I love Martin Clunes ' grouchy character and the quirky villagers in Portwenn . When I started showing it to my friends at home , they were as mesmerized as I was . I just found out there 's going to be a Series 6 this year -LRB- 2013 -RRB- ! I 'll be sure to be on board for that . I also bought Clunes ' William and Mary series , which showcases a softer side of Clunes that is particularly endearing . I 've definitely become a Martin Clunes fan .
 I am a fan of the show DOC MARTIN . British Comedy . Ca n't wait for the next season . I am happy the way this one turned out between Martin & Louisa .
 My husband ADORES this show . He has ALL the seasons and rations himself so he can make the seasons last longer . HAD to have this and of course , he loves it .
 Great series ! We really enjoyed this season ! Very excited for the next one . Hopefully it will be available by the end of this year .
 I like all the Doc Martin series and watch them over and over . I love the scenery , the unusual people of Portwenn and most of all the romance between Louisa and Martin . It is a great love story and I wish it could go on and on . How about a # 6 ???
 Two years on from Series 4 Doc Martin has returned to our screens and this series was well worth the wait . Formerly a highly successful surgeon who has developed a phobia for performing operations and in particular to the sight of blood , Doctor Martin Ellingham has started a new life as a GP in the quiet Cornish village of Port Wenn in the UK . However , having absolutely zero people skills and a nonexistent bedside manner , traits which extend to his personal life and in particular his relationship with his former partner , the long suffering Louisa , his dealings with the locals are somewhat uneasy.The last series ended with Doc Martin wondering whether to move back to London , or stay in Port Wenn to support Louisa who has just given birth to their child . However , Doc Martin is less than impressed with his replacement as GP , and predictably decides to stay on . Quite a number of the plots this time round feature the rather haphazard child minding arrangements for the baby , and at one stage this is subcontracted out by Louisa 's mother to some teenage girls at the bargain price of 2 -LRB- about $ 3 -RRB- an hour ! The climax to this series again revolves around the baby , but we do not have a cliffhanger ending this time round which I was grateful for as this always seems somewhat contrived.Port Wenn is a quiet , country village and nothing of great significance seems to happen for a lot of the time . When something out of the ordinary does happen , it is played out to the full . For example , one episode is based on Bert Large , the restaurateur , borrowing 1,000 -LRB- $ 1500 -RRB- from a wheelchair bound loan shark and his dim son , and being concerned about unspecified ` repercussions ' in the event of non repayment . However , much of the charm of this show lies in the gently eccentric characters who abound in Port Wenn . This time particular mention should be made of Morwenna , the Doc 's new and somewhat scatty young receptionist who clearly does her best - Bless ! Louisa 's mother , who has rather eccentric views on keeping babies quiet and the rather stoic Aunt Ruth are also strong characters worthy of mention.Yet again Martin Clunes excels as Doc Martin , playing the part with a largely expressionless face except for the odd twinge of exasperation or irritation which occasionally crosses his brow . He has made this part his own and you really can not imagine anyone else as Doc Martin . There seems to be some doubt as to whether there will be a sixth series and certainly there has been no announcement so far . I think it will be a real shame if we have to make do with the 37 episodes to date , 8 of them from the latest series , as I would think this show has the potential to run and run .
 At first glance it would n't seem like a viable storyline for a television series , phobic doc goes to small town , has hilarious mini-adventures , often inspired by a seemingly endless local population of zany characters . Yet Doc Martin spins it own magical web , drawing the viewer ever more into the lives of these people and before long you 're another diehard fan . It 's sad Hollyweird ca n't seem to grasp how in an increasingly complex and stressful world it 's not more shows about drug dealers , biker gangs , or dancing wannabes we want . Too bad , but after following British television for the last 3 decades , I 've come to the conclusion America is n't a superpower when it comes to entertainment .
 Just purchased seasons 1-4 on Amazon , Doc Martin
 Doc Martin -LRB- Martin Clunes -RRB- had packed prepared for a new position out of Portwenn . But girlfriend Louisa , a nameless son , & Aunt did not love his planned exit . That was then . Now we have 8 new episodes , and enjoy you will . If not a Doc Martin groupie yet , you will be soon . Funny , heartwarming , and some of the quirkiest characters the UK has ever produced . Many of the old cast is back -- like a family reunion.Episodes have Subtitles for Hearing Impaired available , but works for accents too.SUBTITLES also on film bonus stuff.Graphic med . scenes . Behind-the-Scenes ; photo gallery ; and cast filmographies bonus.Episode 1
 `` Doc Martin '' was what the doctor ordered when I became a job casualty victim due to my company 's budget cuts . I laughed so hard . Thank God , Netfix made it available to view and to become a loyal fan .
 I was just reading on ACORNONLINE.COM that Doc . Martin will be available to ship on 03/19/2012 , so we will not have much longer to wait . I stumbled across this series by accident on Netflix and I was absolutely enthralled with the show .
 I absolutely LOVE this series and it is addicting as others have mentioned . I love all the characters and their quirks , but the Doc himself and the struggle between him and Louisa are obviously what makes you want to keep watching . Season 5 release date of June 5 ca n't come fast enough!And a previous reviewer is right , why ca n't American TV be this good ? When they try to manipulate the already successful UK formulas into awful US-versions of the show , they of course flop -LRB- Touching Evil , Prime Suspect , etc -RRB- . Maria Bello is the US version of Helen Mirren ? Please !!! I find myself watching BBC and PBS shows most of the time ... so if you do too , you 'll really like this series as well as William + Mary , an older series Martin Clunes did .
 Last summer , we breezed through seasons 1-4 and then eagerly awaited the fifth season on Public Television . When that did n't work , I learned that Season 5 is now available from Acorn Media -LRB- woo hoo ! -RRB- While I love `` the Doc '' , this season was very dark . Lots of tension between characters . IMO , there was a `` lightness '' in the previous seasons that is n't in Season 5 . When we finished all of the episodes , I found myself thinking `` that 's it ?! '' This season starts out with a death , and then addresses the struggles faced by almost all of the regular characters , including money problems , loan sharks , a psychiatric break , the return of an absent -LRB- and narcissistic -RRB- parent , the Doc 's continued battle with his inability to express feelings to Louisa , and that tension of `` will they or wo n't they ? '' However , there is n't one hint of anything resembling romance between them until the last episode . I found myself thinking , `` how can she put up with him ? '' Do n't want to say much more , lest I give away too much.Will be curious to see what others think .
 This show is completely addicting . It has its weaknesses , but the concept and characters and actors and scenery are just irresistable . You wo n't want to stop watching . Highly recommended !
 The Doc Martin series is really exceptional with truly profesional actors . The only problem is that American movies shown on TV and those sold seperately on dvd are either highly sensored and/or parts cut from its entirety , especially if from another country . I hope , Doc Martian , Series 5 , is not too badly shortened .
 Doc Martin series 1-5 is a joy to watch . The writing is creative , with special and unexpected twists in the plot . The characters are played in a most believable way by a group of exceptional actors . With limited facial expressions Martin Clunes brilliantly portrays the curmudgeonly and irascible doctor . Caroline Catz is wonderful in her portrayal of the sweet , sensitive and frustrated school teacher who won Doc Martin 's heart . Their on again-off again relationship is at the heart of the series , but it has a lot more to offer . Supporting characters are fun to watch . Each episode is peppered with funny and unusual ailments that the good doctor has to cure . There is no wonder that the fans of Doc Martin hope for more stories from Port Wenn . Ca n't wait for series 6 , which will be filmed in the spring of 2013 .
 My wife and I became hooked on Doc Martin when we saw on PBS part of the initial movie that inspired the series followed by a few series episodes . Martin Clunes is marvelous at portraying the Doc who is a major grump with no social skills or beside manner , yet is super competent and totally dedicated to delivering the best health care to the host community . It is a joy to watch him interact with the quirky residents of small Portwenn , a fishing village dramatically carved into the coast line of Cornwall , UK.The Doc 's romantic interest Louisa , the headmistress of the local elementary school , is played by the lovely Catherine Catz , who 's personality is the complete opposite to the Doc 's . Watch the sparks fly as the closer they get , the more dysfunctional the relationship becomes . The whole thing is great fun , so let yourself become one the Doc 's addicts where the only cure is to watch all 5 series .
 As usual the Brits have superior tv shows and are light-years beyond the rest of the world in mysteries . Doc Martin is for the most part family friendly without cussing or unmistakeable sexual themes and innuendo . Something American tv may never comprehend . Yes America , outstanding writers do n't need to infiltrate every scripts dialogues with moronic , sophomoric sexual overtones and undertones .
 This is n't just a TV series , but a relaxing little world to visit . Like the worlds of other greats -LRB- &#34; Gunsmoke , &#34; and &#34; Leave it to Beaver &#34; -RRB- it is populated by a cast of major and minor characters who can surprise us . Occasionally the script becomes a little too farcical for my tastes , but then Doc Martin will say or do something I did not foresee and all is forgiven ...
 My wife introduced me to this series one evening not long after she started watching Season `` 1 '' . I would not have admitted prior to the first couple of episodes that I would enjoy the show so much . The characters , Dr. Ellingham , Louisa , Burt and Al Large , Aunt Joan , and to many others to name are all so interesting in their own right . The beautiful scenery from the Cornwall setting is just a bonus for the well scripted dialogue and simple day to day situations . I would highly recommend this to anyone interested in light situational comedy without profanity or raunchy sexuality .
 Barely two months after I first viewed the first episode , `` Doc Martin '' has now become one of my favorite productions ever , movie or television . In fact , it 's hard to think of a better production that I 've seen in decades of television and movie viewing -- the outstanding comedy and drama of `` Doc Martin '' are that good . Five stars are hardly enough for a program that produces this kind of enjoyment.I 've now watched all of the currently existing episodes through Series 5 , and in my opinion , `` Doc Martin '' sustains its very high level of quality throughout , so I 'd recommend the DVDs of all of the seasons . I can hardly wait for Series 6 , which star Martin Clunes has confirmed will be filmed in 2013 and will likely be the last series for the program.For the uninitiated , the premise of the show is that the rather grouchy , socially inept but brilliant Dr. Martin Ellingham -LRB- Martin Clunes -RRB- is taking over as a general practitioner in the picturesque seaside village of Portwenn in southwestern England , after leaving his London surgical practice when he develops a blood phobia . Schoolteacher Louisa Glasson -LRB- Caroline Catz -RRB- is one of the few villagers who appreciates Martin 's good qualities -- she understands that his social rudeness disguises a man who actually cares for other people in a very literal way . A romance results , creating a running thread through all of the seasons , although there are significant setbacks along the way.Martin and Louisa are joined by plumber/restauranteur Bert Large -LRB- Ian McNeice -RRB- and his son/business partner Al -LRB- Joe Absolom -RRB- ; Martin 's Aunt Joan -LRB- Stephanie Cole -RRB- , who runs a small , struggling family farm by herself ; later on , Martin 's Aunt Ruth -LRB- Dame Eileen Atkins -RRB- , a psychiatrist ; a series of quirky receptionists in the doctor 's office , with Pauline -LRB- Katherine Parkinson -RRB- as the longest-serving and most memorable ; the village pharmacist , Mrs. Tishell -LRB- Selina Cadell -RRB- , who has a lasting crush on Martin ; and two successive village police officers , Mark Mylow -LRB- Stewart Wright -RRB- and Joe Penhale -LRB- John Marquez -RRB- , who share some well-meaning comic ineptitude with Mayberry 's Barney Fife.Both the acting and the writing on `` Doc Martin '' contain considerable depth . My wife and I knew we were seeing something unusually good when , after each episode , we began discussing the characters ' motivations , how their family backgrounds affected their personalities , and what those characters might have been doing while they were off-stage as a logical prelude to their on-stage actions . Now , obviously , we know that these are fictional characters who do n't really have family backgrounds and are n't really doing anything when they 're not in a scene . But the actors and the writers have created characters with so many dimensions that there is something very real about them -- it makes the viewer care about what they 're going through now and wonder what 's going to happen to them next . To me , this is the ultimate success for a dramatic production
 This is one of the best series I have ever seen - well written , superbly acted , highly entertaining . After watching all the previous series , I had to see the final episodes . I guess you could say I was a captive audience ... too bad to have to buy it . It was worth it , but would have preferred it to be free like the others .
 I 've watched every season of Doc Martin . With all seasons , as w/the latest , I 'm mostly enchanted & intend to continue to watch . However , I do think the show could use some finessing . I was a little disappointed with the departure of the first police chief , the new one is too much of a goof & needless . Further , I think the Doc is even more nasty than ever . I would have thought the storyline would eventually evolve into addressing his lack of people skills & maybe humanizing him a bit more . Those are the only two areas I think I , if a writer , would make changes to the show . While I 'm disappointed w/the loss of Stephanie Cole , I 'm satisfied w/the addition of `` her sister 's '' character . Still I love the suspense of the `` medical mystery '' approach to the episodes , & the transition into the focus of the relationship Doc & Louisa which does a bit to humanize Clune 's character . Looking forward to more , if not , a final season of the series , if it is to end .
 I have now seen all of the five Doc Martin series and I pronounce them brilliant . Martin Clunes is terrific as the irrascible Doc Martin and Caroline Catz is delightful as the ever-patient Louisa . The series is rounded out with some additional marvelous actors as
 I 've gone back and watched all of the shows a second time . It 's better the second time around because I noticed all sorts of things I missed before . This is now on my list of all time favorite shows and I 'm spreading the word . I emailed a friend in Sheffield England who has not seen the show and had trouble believing a TV show on regular TV could be a cult fave in Canada , Austrailia , and the US . I ca n't wait for Series Six . Between Downton Abbey and this show , a neighbor has discovered British TV for the first time .
 One of the best television series we 're ever seen . Every bit as clever and entertaining as Foyle 's war , but in a very different way . I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys the British sense of humor .
 Love , Love , this series . Simple but profound . I love all the quirky characters . The people seem so real and believable . Previously purchased the Series 1-4 . Loaned the series to my good friend to watch .
 We have watched the other four series and ca n't wait to watch season five . Need to know what happens to Doc and Louisa
 This Doc Martin series has its moments when you want to strangle him and others where your heart goes out to him . He is a good doctor , but his tell it like it is mannerism needs work . Since this review is on season 5 it should tell you that we liked enough to get this far . If you like Martin Clunes see William and Mary where he is very likeable .
 The entire Doc Martin series is as good as television gets . The scenery alone is worth the price of admission . If you are a fan of British humor and storytelling , this is a winner on all levels .
 This is a great TV show . We are looking forward to seeing more series coming out . We will order it again .
 great acting ; very funny -LRB- if you like British humor ... and we love it -RRB- ; wonderful setting . Ca n't get enough of this series
 Clearly one of the BEST shows on television ! Glorious writing ... funny , smart , charming and an absolutely marvelous cast!This show is addictive ! There better be more coming !
 It was difficult to leave Martin and Louisa at the end of Series 5 and to think that was the end of the story . Hooray !!! There is to be a Series 6 in 2013 !!
 Much like the past 4 seasons , the writers should be commended for their dedication to quality writing without gratuitous sex or vulgar language . It is fascinating how life in a small village can be so entertaining when written and acted so well .
 Such a delightful series ! The characters are all so lovable , even Martin ! I want to vacation in Port Wenn and meet the villagers .
 I spend 22 years managing a medical center with specialty doctors in individual practice and pieces of Doc Martin reminded me fondly of many of the doctors that went thru my life at that time . Martin Clune - in fact the entire cast were supurb and the town , houses and scenery - I can not think of a big enough word to cover this series .
 I love all seasons of Doc Martin and ca n't wait for season 6 . I have watched them over and over and never get tired of the show or characters
 Great series , love the humor , its clean but totally funny and the entire family can enjoy these DVDs . I am in the process of purchasing the rest of the Series .
 I love Doc Martin . I ca n't get enough of this show . I am not sure what captivates me to the character `` Doc Martin '' . I guess the range of emotions he provokes in me - anger and disgust at his brashness and insensitivity towards people and then empathy , sadness and tenderness . Empathy and sadness because he has no social skills and tenderness for the great doctor he truly is towards those in need of his skills . The blood phobia peeks my interest as to how he will overcome , resolve and master this inconvenient problem.I love the interaction between Martin and Caroline , great pair . Interesting to see what comes of their relationship and that of being a Father to Baby James.I love Ms. Tishell , I miss Pauline in Doc 's office and who could n't love Bert and his son and their schemes to make money . Did Auntie Joan really pass away ? What a love she was , so cool and direct with Martin.I wish this cast would visit USA.JAC
 i love this series of shows . I consider it black humor . Which was always very abundant in our family , thanks to my late sister . martin Clunes is a very funny , talented actor . Would like to see more of the series made.The scenery and characters are so wonderful .
 I have thoroughly enjoyed the Doc Martin series , I could n't wait to see them all and am hoping there will be more forthcoming soon .
 I love this show and the characters . It 's quirky and romantic at the same time . The location this show is filmed in is beautiful - I 'd love to visit there some day . This episode ends the season Wonderfully . I 've watched it more than once .
 This is one of the best shows I 've ever seen . It is fun to watch the characters interact with each other & Doc Martin . In each episode there are several storiesgoing on including Martin & Louisa 's ongoing attemps at romance & townspeople whoare ill . Each episode is educational about an illness or a medical condition . There is drama & comedy . The town is lovely , making me wish I was there . There are fun little extras like a group of teenage girls that walk around town laughing & making taunting remarks at townspeople & a cute dog that loyally follows Doc Martin around even though Doc Martin hates him . I watched all six seasons & wish there were more . Martin Clunes is an excellant actor . I have started watching William & Mary & that is excellant also .
 I love the Doc Martin series . I have 1-4 and just had to have season 5 . I 'm finding that it is not quite as good as the first 4 seasons but I do still enjoy it . I wonder if they will run out of ideas and conclude the Doc Martin program or just keep going until popularity dies down .
 This show is full of human studies , all done with the best of British humor . Five more words are required .
 We have traveled to Britain many times and love to visit the small sea side villages . This series reminds me of those visits . We also love the story . Wish there was more to watch
 If you have n't watched this you are really missing a most entertaining group of actors and story lines ever . Doc Martin is a truly skilled doctor and has very little patience for his patients . Hilarious . The towns people do n't know what to make of him as he stomps over all their careful , expected roles and customers . Go Martin ! Good folks in town but the clash is fun to watch . Start with Season 1 and treat yourself to fabulous actors and drama . Carolyn Catz is n't heard to watch either .
 really good story line and comedy is similar to a lot of other British comedy and situation serial stories . highly recommended
 Love , love , love this show . I watch the episodes over and over . . Makes a great travel ad for Cornwall too !
 Absolutely one of my top favorite shows of all time . NOTHING predictable , good writing , and remarkable actors . Please keep it up and DO N'T quit !
 This is a show I typically would n't watch . I happened to walk by the TV when an episode of Doc Martin was on . 10 minutes later , I was hooked . This show can be funny , sad , touching and the acting is unbelievably good . Now all of my spare time is streaming the old episodes from Amazon Prime ! Do not hesitate to begin your journey with Doc Martin . You will be so glad you did !
 Season 5 of Doc Martin continues the failures & successes of one of the most memorable docs ever . Martin Clunes is excellent as the irascible Martin . A far cry from his comedy roles , Clune 's Doc Martin is a character who will be remembered for many years . The other actors in the show continue to provide exceptional foibles for the Doc to interact with . I have watched all episodes from all 5 series , numerous times and hope that this show is one that never ends . The best of Brit comedy & drama all in one .
 British TV at its best.Spent several evenings watching Series 5 , having enjoyed series 1-4 previously , and hated to see it end .
 Thoroughly enjoy this series . I only wish American TV could offer this type of clean entertainment ... instead of the dysfunctional filth the US TV networks now think is entertainment .
 Another joust between Doc and the other characters . Ca n't even be nice to his baby 's mom - bless her patient heart . I hope one of the series ends with a different climax . The first season was the birth and following seasons each have their own high point at the end . Ca n't we have at least one season when the Doc has his tantrums in the middle of the season?But it is an absorbing story because I keep waiting for him to learn some patience and self control as well as manners and more appropriate patient communication .
 Once again , Doc Martin is a total hit . It 's worth watching in order from season 1 . My only regret is not making the DVD last longer - it 's going to be a long wait before Season 6 begins and I 'll be able to get my Doc Martin Fix .
 I ripped through all seasons in no time , slowed only by wait time for shipping . Love it - right up there with Are You Being Served and Keeping Up Appearances ! YAY !
 More of the same , but so enjoyable . I would stop there but the review requires these additional words . And these too .
 Good British television series . Wonderful characters of the &#34; fish out of water &#34; ilk , and well wotrh spending time with But start with seasn 1 and watch all the seasons . i do n't think you will be disappointed .
 I enjoy watching Doc Martin as he adjusts to small town coastal living and becomes more human in the process !
 I am hooked on Doc Martin , and watched Season 5 in one day . Series sometimes become boring or less interesting the longer they run , but this season is one of the funniest .
 This series continues to amaze . The story lines are plausible , the acting is superb and the village is the perfect backdrop . Almost every scene contains an ocean view and the fishing boats and activity in the background all contribute to the feeling of the show . British shows all need closed captioning to pick up on some of the more subtle references and to get used to the cadence of the language .
 I wish there was a Season 6 I enjoyed it so very much . Great acting great characters and beautiful scenery .
 Martin Clunes is a wonderful actor as well as the entire cast . The scenery is beautiful , the cast of characters are amusing . I wish there were more seasons of Doc Martin !
 ... if you have n't seen the ` the Doc ' and his Port Wen patients in the previous series 1-4 , then go and GET IT !
 wonderful comedy , I can watch this again and again . A surgeon you ca n't stand the site of blood , priceless
 I loved the series and it just got better . I hope there is a 6th season . the characters are entrancing , and the stories great . Doc Martin is a British find . It 's up there with &#34; Call a Midwife &#34; . I wish I could find more like this
 Very pleased with the product that I received and would definitely buy it again and would recommend it to others .
 Doc Martin series 5 The series was great . I enjoyed it very much . I hope that there will be a series 6
 I can hardly wait for season 6 ! I love British humor . Would recommend to all my family and close friends .
 Enjoyed all seasons of this series . Nice to watch a series that is clever and not stupid or filled with sexual innuendos .
 We try and watch Doc Martin every week on KET . Thrilled to have our on version of series 5 . Ket has just gotten around to rerunning 5 again . Since we do n't always get to see it each week there are some episodes we would like to catch up on .
 I ca n't believe how attached I got to these characters , even the grumpy anti-social Doc Martin . Loved the setting as well and everything I read about the production .
 The entire series is great and I ca n't wait for the next series to come out . I hope they will continue even though it is every 2 years . I would like it better if it were once a year .
 I have seen all the seasons except # 5 and I love all the people in the series . The scenery is so beautiful .
 If you ever want to enter the land of slightly crazy and have a laugh party , Doc Martin is the show to watch . I have all of this series now with Series 5 and I have watched them over and over again . They never fail to tug at my heartstrings as really a sad clueless but so brilliant doctor and the unending patience of the woman who loves him . Everyone should buy this product if you enjoy a good laugh .
 The whole series was really enjoyable . I understand they are making another series in 2013 - ca n't wait until they do .
 I have been a big fan of Doc Martin for a couple of years , and this Series 5 DVD rounds out my collection . The stories are wonderful , but very dependent on the character development that happened in previous episode so if you 've never seen the series do n't start here . The scenery is beautiful , the writing great , and the characters are fun . Overall , I am very satisfied with my purchase .
 The humor helps me overcome my own shortcomings.It allows me to see how small comunuties care for each other
 Doc Martin ... what can I say ? Love him . Watched the show on PBS , ordered all 5 series , and watched again , and I will watch it again !! Ca n't get enough of that show .
 A very unique TV Series , loved by many ! This was the last aired season of the series . I just had to have it , to complete my collection of the other four . There is planning for a sixth season , probably late 2013 . Hope it materializes !
 We were lucky enough to have `` Doc Martin '' premiere here in Sacramento California on our local PBS station Sunday Nov. 18,2012 . After viewing just one episode , my husband and I just knew this must have been a hit show in England , so I went to Amazon , and sure enough there were the reviews !! We knew , after just one episode we had to see the rest , and were delighted to find out it ran for many years . So , based on our good feelings , and the great , informative reviews on Amazon , we purchased the first 4 seasons . We will be buying the movie , as well , I 'm sure . We do n't usually buy discs of TV series or movies , but we were unsure just how long our PBS station would carry the show.Thanks to all of you who wrote such informative reviews !! Ca n't wait to find out what goes on in that quirky little town , with the Doctor who is sort of the English version of our American Dr. House .
 Now I wish to wish to visit Port Isaac , the site of the Dr. Martin comedy series . It is a lovely place in Cornwall and I have not been there . I have been in the Brish Isles several times but somehow I never got to go this far south . The speech and customs of the people there are well portrayed and I would not mind living there or at least visit Port Isaac -LRB- Portween in the series -RRB- . The humor is unique and original and Martin Clunes plays the gruff doctor really well and to say Brilliantly . The other members of the cast do so too and they are mesh very well together.Ater viewing series 5 I bought the other seris as well and thus cn enjoy seeing Port Isaac and its deizens over and over again . Now I just have to find time to get there .
 Even with the baby and Louisa , Doc Martin just ca n't keep himself from antagonizing just about everyone and especially Louisa . Will poor Doc Martin ever learn the social skills needed to hang on to Louisa and his child who love him despite his many faults ? As with many others , Martin is his own worst enemy . Will he ever settle into a happy home life with wife and child ? Just hoping there is a Series # 6 . This series fit right into the previous like the piece of a puzzle and leaving me -LRB- for one -RRB- wanting more . I loved it !
 We got hooked on this series a year ago and ca n't get enough . So while we are watching the new series ... number 5 ... as it appears weekly on PBS we are watching the whole series from it 's beginning now on DVD ... and our order is in for series 5 to be released shortly after it 's run on PBS . If you have n't seen it try it . Maybe not for everyone but it hit the spot for us .
 This is one of my favorite series . I want to visit that adorable little seaside village . Very funny . Not politically correct which is refreshing and unexpected . US film makers should take note . Love the acting . Looking forward to more . Please add another season !
 Wonderful series . Wish there would be more seasons . Lovable characters , great stories , excellent filming , beautiful location . What was not to love ? Just perfect British comedy .
 Have the Series 1-4 collection of Doc Martin ... just HAD to add the 5th installment ... absolutely love the Doc and all that goes on in Port Wenn !
 Love love love this series ! Season 5 was worth the wait ! I completely enjoyed the entire season . The characters are interesting and the storyline never dissapoints !
 I love Doc Martin , quirky , a little looney and yet trying so hard to be normal , and failing so miserably . He reminds me of many doctors I have known over the years , but he is more likeable .
 My friend told me to watch , but Cleveland Ohio did n't carry the program . Thanks to Amazon Prime I saw all 5 Seasons in less thana month . I loved every minute of it . !
 This series keeps getting better with each season . I hope there will be more . Love the well chosen actors and the writers have done a marvelous job of creating characters who are well developed and loveable .
 If you have become a Doc Martin fan , or addict as I have this is a must see . Hate to see an end to this fabulous show . Fell in love with all the quirky characters .
 Doc Martin is the non-PC , bumbling father and husband to be in this lovely seaside village in England . We enjoyed every episode .
 We have enjoyed all the seasons of Doc Martin and ca n't wait for Season 6 in 2013 . The cinematography is fabulous , acting supurb and quirky charcters very entertaining . I would love to see Doc return to the softness of Season 1 . He has become a little harsher than I would like but still very good . Martin Clunes is a wonderful actor and the writing is just great . Thanks for the entertainment
 Season five continues the trajectory of Doc Martin into a most reluctant semblance of humanity . Surrounded by the human comedy , Martin does n't always get the joke , but the viewer gets enmeshed in the quirky goings on and personalities of Portwenn . Martin Clunes , Caroline Catz , and all the supporting players are terrific , even if the writing is erratic . A delightful show , but frustrating , since we want Doc Martin to see the light , but he does n't quite find the switch . Highly recommended .
 I loved it . I missed episode 8 because I was in Manila and was very happy to see it.I watched it on my computer . I have yet to see all the episodes on the 2 vids . I am happy I purchased it .
 The product was received timely and in new condition . Everyone must see this series . It is unique , quirky , British of course , but an outstanding show . My friends and I are quite addicted . Series 5 seemed to go so quickly - ca n't wait till the sixth season comes out !
 DOC MARTIN IS THE JEWEL IN THE CROWN OF THE BBC SERIES !!! MY HUSBAND AND I ARE IN ENTIRE AGREEMENT ABOUT DOC MARTIN .
 Apart from the set of `` DOC MARTIN '' DVDs being perfect when I rec 'd them , hilariously funny and addictive ... and packed w/more brilliant British comedy and dramatic performances of Martin Clunes ... Amazon kept ALL of its promises !! This purchase was an on-time delivery and perfect quality -LRB- which is norm for Amazon -RRB- ! I 'm happy all ` round . Bravo !! to the excellence of MARTIN CLUNES and CAROLINE CATZ for making their difficult roles seem effortless , natural and always delightfully funny or emotional . I ca n't give enough kudos to AMAZON for their well-managed , efficient wait-list process ... or is `` pre-order '' process . What ever , the name , it 's amazing that Amazon kept updating delivery info over the many months I waited for firm ship date -LRB- from my Dec 2011 order to June 2012 shipping confirmation -RRB- . That 's Service ! That 's Amazon!Peggy A. in Chicago
 I love the Doc Martin series and treat myself to watching one episode a week , to give myself something to look forward to , -LSB- I am a senior -RSB-
 Season 5 was most anticipated after watching Seasons 1-4 several times each . I ca n't get enough of this show . Love watching Doc treat his patients , love his interactions with Auntie Joan , and of course the bumpy ride of a romance between Martin and Louisa . This show is so excellently written and in such a beautiful setting that rewatching each episode never grows old . Season 5 was no exception . I loved every moment of every episode and would highly recommend you add this to your collection . The season ending was wonderful . I hope there will be a Season 6 and so on for many years to come . Watch it and you 'll be addicted , too .
 Martin Clunes is a fantastic actor , and this Series 5 , just adds to the `` rest of the story '' . I have Series 1-4 , and anyone , who has those , should add this one to their collection . I ca n't wait for Series 6 , or anything more from Doc Martin . One of the best shows on TV . PBS & UK TV are the only programs worth watching . Recommend this one highly !
 If you 're a Doc Martin addict , as I am , you 're going to love Season 5 . I 'm told this review is too short , but why say more if it is n't necessary . That 'll do it , I think .
 Felt all the characters were friends , and I was so pleased to spend another session with them.Doc Martin series makes a great gift to anyone who enjoys an endearing story , quirky characters and funny situations.To know Doc Martin is a great joy!MO
 Very entertaining the Doc is soooo matter offact it 's funny . Season five is a must have , and if you do n't have seaons 1-4 ... get them !
 this movie actually makes more sense than black cinema movies that dont have any rappin at all !! lol . sticky fingaz is really a genius for this one . he makes it easy for you to follow the story as you listen to each person rap and it doesnt get tiring listening to them rap for 90 min straight . i am a huge hip hop fan but i still was skeptical about this when i first heard it was coming . we all know stick can rap really good but idk about how a movie would turn out with all that going on . a great success with a lot of a list actors . omar epps , mekhi phifer , clarence williams 3 , bokime woodbine , michael rappaport , faizon love , and of course rappers like fredro , treach , kurupt , tash , and even ray j. really good movie i was entertained and i usually dont like watching a lot of the low budget black cinimea movies .
 I thought the movie was very good.It was true to hip hop and the lyrics were top notch and on point.The only bad thing I can say about the movie is that I cant see the events that transpire in the movie all happening in one day before dusk.It just didnt make any since . Other than that I would definatly call it a true to real hip hop film . Big ups to Kirk `` Sticky Fingerz '' Jones .
 I got to see a preview of Sticky Fingaz ' directorial debut , A Day in the Life , and it 's a must see for any fan of hip hop , action , drama , or movies in general . The movie is unique in that the entire length is rapped . Sort of like Romeo and Juliet being done entirely in poetry , not a single word is spoken in this film unless it rhymes . An old lady rings Sticky Fingaz ' door to complain ? She raps . Everyone . Every second . And it does n't get old.Anyone who is a fan of Sticky Fingaz or Onyx knows their music , while very violent , was very story-driven and movie-like . This is like a visual version of that . Sticky Fingaz is a talented rapper to say the least , but it 's really interesting to see old bar patrons , elderly white ladies , and some pretty famous actors rapping too . And since Sticky Fingaz wrote every single line , none of the lyrics are wack . I really recommend this movie . It 's an independent film but the amount of work that went into it seems incredible .
 If you love Hip Hop , then this is the movie for you ! I was surprised that there was rapping throughout the whole movie . The lyrics and beats are great and the story line was very interesting . It is kind of hard to believe all of the events happened in one day , but it 's still a great movie . I give it 10 stars !
 I remember seeing a Hip Hopera called Carmen that starred Beyonce and Mekhi Phifer and thought this movie would be something like that . And I wasnt too thrilled about Carmen however it was allright . But this movie right here was a BANGER ! I 'm a hip hop purist and I 'm kind of hard when it comes to critiquing the hip hop Culture because it has gotten watered down to the Max . However if you like Hip Hop , action , and a feel of real hip hop music then this is the movie to see . I thought this guy 's career was finished -LRB- Sticky Fingas -RRB- . But the scenes and the plots were put together in a most professional way . Who would have thought Sticky Fingas could put something together like this . This is a true thirsty hood professionally put together Hip Hop masterpiece right here . A must see .
 This has all the makings of an underground cult classic !!! I 've seen this several times and after being thoroughly impressed by the lyrical content throughout the entire movie , I thought it would be cool to share it w / a few hardcore `` hip hop NY heads '' I know -LRB- I 'm from DC btw -RRB- . At first , I thought many of them would tell me that they had already seen it and that they might judge it too harshly . But ALL of them thought it was pretty hot and that neither of them even HEARD of this movie ! I really believe that Sticky should really consider `` remarketing '' this -LRB- aside from any unforeseen legal circumstances -RRB- . Apparently he put a great deal of effort into this project and judging from the all-star ensemble cast , a lot of money looks to have been sunk into it also . It just seems so unfair that this movie slipped under so many hip hop faithful 's radar .
 This was excellent . It was a well written story without jumping around from scene to scene and losing focus . it flowed very well and keeps your attention . It was awesome to hear everyone rapping in the film . Meiki Phifer - got skills , Omar Epps-skills , even Faizon Got skills . Im impressed with the entire cast and the film . Good Job Sticky ! looking for part II ! whats up ?
 Very creative , innovative & well done ... the plot story line & cast is fantastic , if you love hip hop you 'll love this & if you do n't you should be able to appreciate the creativity.Sticky did a great job directing this , Mekhi Phifer , Thttp : / / www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=tag_rvc_rv_ihlp_wt?ie=UTF8&nodeId=16238571rech,Omar Epps & Clarence Williams were fantastic !!
 A DAY IN THE LIFE IS A DIFFERENT MOVIE , BECAUSE ITS THE FIRST MOVIE I EVER SAW WERE THE ACTORS RAP THE WHOLE MOVIE . BUT EVERTHING FALLS TOGETHER NICELY WITH THE STORY LINE AND THE RAPPING . I THOUGHT THE MOVIE WAS INTERESTINGA ND KEPT MY ATTENTION THE WHOLE WAY THRU . WORTH CHECKIN OUT
 Wow!This movie was really different from what i thought it would be . `` Sticky Fingaz '' did it up . The casting was off the chain.He definitley let alot of big actors get their shine on in this movie.I think that the storyline an the acting was very unique . The movie is a MUST SEE .
 Moody , brooding period Gothic thriller about a deranged writer -LRB- Louis Hayward -RRB- who murders his wife 's maid -LRB- as she 's rejecting his advances -RRB- and forces his brother -LRB- Lee Bowman -RRB- to help him dispose of the body . The writer 's big gloomy mansion sits by a rolling river and there the brothers toss the body . Blackmail and guilt keep the brother quiet ... for a while . Then the writer 's frustrated career takes off -- with a murder tale . Fritz Lang does wonders with a low budget and an excellent cast . This is a very dark and morbid story based on the novel by A.P.Herbert . Shot in gloomy b & w , the film captures the flavor of a small river town around the turn of the century . Hayward is excellent as the insane writer and Bowman is quietly stoic as his bachelor brother . Jane Wyatt -LRB- the mom in `` Father Knows Best '' -RRB- is good as Hayward 's beautiful , long-suffering wife . The supporting cast is fun ... Bowman 's big , nagging housekeeper Mrs.Bantam , Dorothy Patrick as Hayward 's worldly wise neighbor and , briefly , a young giddy Kathleen Freeman . Many offbeat Lang touches flourish the film throughout and there are some truly eerie scenes . Kino 's DVD print is mostly good but dark and there is still some speckling and minor scratches . But , considering the rarity of `` House By the River '' , this is a small complaint . Kino is to be commended for salvaging this goodie . Fans of film noir and Gothic thrillers should enjoy this . Very enjoyable .
 This is a thrilling crime drama made in 1949 , and is one of the many films directed by Fritz Lang who was one of Germany 's foremost filmmakers in the silent 1920s era before going to the US in the early 30s . In Lang 's very capable and experienced hands , this low budget melodrama becomes quite a high-class drama with convincing characters and psychological suspense which is still exciting and entertaining viewing over half a century later . Lang 's use of strong light and shadow contrasts add intensity and mood to many scenes , and his fine attention to detail further enhances the viewer 's appreciation of the story and characters . These aspects , along with a fine script -LRB- based on a novel -RRB- allowed Lang to really bring out the nature of each character which , for me , is the highlight of this film . First there is the contrast between two brothers
 With all the surgings of film noir releases coming out this past year to satisfy all of us to a style and class all their own , and none of them unworthy of purchasing I might add , we have repeatedly been noticing the name of Fritz Lang and by no means unwarranted . Here is another example of his work for your pleasure.Thick with atmosphere , this is a tale of evil and deception and not to be missed by fans of Louis Hayward.Louis Hayward -LRB- 1909-1985 -RRB- was married to Ida Lupino in the 40 's and played the Saint , yep , the SAINT , in the early 50 's . There 's some great `` Fritz Lang '' touches to this little oddity and I think it 's worth a look and I believe a keeper .
 If nothing else , House By The River establishes that a first-rate director can still make an interesting but second-rate film . There are so many elements of style and technique in this movie that make it worth watching , yet there 's not much you 're left with afterwards.Sometime before the turn of the century , Stephen Byrne -LRB- Louis Hayward -RRB- and his wife , Marjorie -LRB- Jane Wyatt -RRB- , live in a comfortable house next to a river in a small town . Byrne thinks of himself as a writer , but everything he writes is rejected . He 's charming , selfish and easily manipulates his brother , John -LRB- Lee Bowman -RRB- , a quiet , successful businessman who walks with a limp and who deeply loves Marjorie . John even turned over most of his share of an inheritance to Stephen so that Marjorie and Stephen could live comfortably while Stephen wrote . One day while Stephen 's wife is away , Stephen attempts to kiss their attractive housemaid after she has bathed . She resists and screams . Just then someone appears at the front door . Almost without realizing what he 's doing , he strangles the maid in a panic to keep her quiet . The man at the door turns out to be John , and Stephen convinces him to help dispose of the body by placing it in a sack and throwing it in the river . But the river has a nasty habit , because of the tides , of bringing things back up.While Stephen becomes energized , John is guilt-ridden . Stephen obsessively searches the banks of the river to find the sack with the decaying corpse , afraid it might show up on the tide . When the maid 's body is eventually discovered , circumstantial evidence points to John as the killer , not Stephen . Stephen gradually and carefully begins to point more evidence toward John . As he does so , he writes more confidently . He begins to write the story of what happened , of a death on the river . He begins to denigrate Marjorie . He becomes confident and dangerous . The ending is ironic and just.So what 's not to like in this Gothic creep show ? For starters , none of the characters except Stephen are particularly interesting . Partly this is because of the story ; partly because the actors are not strong . Jane Wyatt 's Marjorie Byrne is so unfailingly sympathetic and understanding it 's a wonder she was n't strangled instead of the maid . Lee Bowman was a reliable journeyman actor , but little more . Louis Hayward could be a great swashbuckler and , in my view , was a good actor when he had quieter roles . When he went for evil , however , I think he tended to overplay his hand . Second , the plot itself is not all that engrossing ... man kills woman , man blames another , man becomes unhinged ... and retribution happens . There are no surprises . Third , the music by George Antheil is even more melodramatic than the last half of the movie . Whenever a dramatic moment occurs , Antheil 's score punches it home unmercifully.And what 's to like ? First , the pacing . Lang keeps things moving , and he does n't let things get dull . Second , the photography . This is a great-looking Hollywood Gothic production . Most of the movie takes place either in Stephen Byrne 's home , full of dark wood , deep shadows , candles , heavy furniture and antimacassars , or on the river , full of more dark shadows , with fallen trees and decaying roots , with overhanging branches ready to snag the unwary . We see a bloated dead cow come in and out with the tide . Third , the stylistic flourishes that catch your eye and are just different and subtle enough to be uneasy . After Byrne strangles the maid and hears the knock on the door , he scuttles into deep shadows , but for a moment finds one wrist entangled in the sash of the dead woman 's dressing gown . In Stephen Byrne 's imagination the bright reflection from the back of a hand mirror turns into a twisting fish from the river . The judge at the inquest , a severe-looking middle-aged man , wears a pair of spectacles with round lenses . One of the lenses is black , and is not commented on . At the top of the stairs in Byrne 's home , deep in shadow , suddenly some drapes billow out and seem to have a life of their own . Fourth , there is the character of Stephen Byrne himself . The murder seems to set him free , but in ways that are unhinged . `` I was always afraid as a child , '' Stephen tries to explain to John , before he tries to kill him . `` I did n't have the courage to do things . I was afraid of people ... what they might say and think . Maybe that 's why my writing was n't good . I 'm not afraid anymore . I 've written something good ... because it 's real . '' Stephen Byrne is an interesting villain.Even with all this , Fritz Lang stated he thought little of the movie . I think it 's a workmanlike job , worth watching and perhaps better than Lang thought it was.The movie has it 's share of scratches here and there , but on balance it 's in very good shape . The one extra is a brief interview with a French cineaste , a friend of Lang 's , who explains why he thinks the movie is far better than Lang thought it was .
 Fritz Lang was the first director I ever fell in love with , probably 20 years ago . I 've been slowly -LRB- very slowly -RRB- going through his whole filmography and I do n't have too many left . This was number 23 -LRB- of 37 to date -RRB- and though it 's not one of the better ones , it still offers plenty of Lang 's typically despairing pleasures . Edward Cronjager 's awesome heavily shadowed b & w ; photography lets us know immediately that we 're in noir-ish territory -LRB- though the turn-of-the century coastal setting - gulf coast ? never made explicit that I recall - is n't typical -RRB- as failing writer Stephen Byrne -LRB- Louis Hayward -RRB- has a little `` accident '' involving his new maid and must spend the rest of the movie covering up and trying to shift the blame for her disappearance on much stabler and saner brother John -LRB- Lee Bowman -RRB- . The suspense builds steadily , with a fine courtroom scene that 's nicely underplayed , and for a while I though this might end up being one of Lang 's greats , but the finish is disappointingly heavy-handed and obvious , though the laugh that escaped me almost made it worth it - an oh-I-can ` t-believe-it sort of thing . Jane Wyatt is beautiful as always but does n't have enough to do ; Hayward is the real star here though , progressing realistically from merely a self-absorbed heel to a real psychopath ; I wonder why he did n't have more of a career ? The sets are nicely done and while the film may not feel wholly at place in Southern Gothic territory , at least it does n't seem like Los Angeles either . Great music by George Antheil . This Kino DVD is a pretty decent transfer .
 Although director Fritz Lang 's atmospheric exercise in Southern gothic `` House by the River '' does n't rank as one of his major films , such as `` M , '' `` Metropolis , '' `` Fury , '' or `` The Big Heat , '' this morbid Victorian melodrama about murder most foul contains enough of his characteristic themes to make it rewarding for people who fancy his films . Several reasons account for its lackluster stature . First , Republic Studios produced and released `` House by the River '' and Republic was n't a prominent studio like MGM , Warner Brothers , Paramount , or Twentieth Century Fox , though great directors such as Orson Welles and John Ford had made pictures at Republic . Second , the talent is strictly second tier . Louis Hayward never achieved the stardom of earlier Lang stars , such as Spencer Tracy , Henry Fonda , Ray Milland , and Walter Pidgeon . Nevertheless , Hayward acquits himself splendidly in the role of a treacherous murderer who has no qualms about doing whatever it takes to save his neck , even if it means shifting the blame to his brother . The remainder of the cast is serviceable , except for Jody Gilbert who plays a fatuous housekeeper to the protagonist 's brother . Still , nobody can top the wicked Hayward whose character goes from one extreme , sniveling fear at the thought of being arrested to obnoxious egotism . `` House by the River '' is confined largely to studio sets . First , the murder occurs in the protagonist 's dimly lighted mansion . Second , some scenes unfold in his crippled brother 's house -- one room . Third , the courtroom is the setting for an inquest . Fourth , the protagonist and his brother ply the river in a boat in long shots of an actual river and a studio tank for the closer shots . Fifth , some scenes transpire on the grounds of the mansion and on a nearby dock . All in all , `` House by the River '' is appropriately claustrophobic . The river takes on an eerie character of its own , especially the jumping fish that preys on the protagonist 's paranoia . Despite its modest surrounding , Lang and his cinematographer do an excellent job of conveying information about the various characters . The imagery has a haunting quality that indicates that Lang was a master of crime movies , even though he labored under less than stellar conditions . Although the melodrama is conventional in every sense of the word , Lang 's camerawork and the mise-en-scene that he evokes is far from ordinary . He does a terrific job of depicting suspicion , murder , paranoia , and the toll that gossip takes on an individual.The problem with `` House by the River '' is that you know what is going to happen for the most part because Hollywood movies of the 1950s always punished the murderer . In other words , crime never paid and the villains got their comeuppance . Scenarist Mel Dinelli derived his screenplay from A. P. Herbert 's novel . Lang and he cultivate a modicum of suspense , but not enough to have you wringing your hands . Actually , it is fun -- in a perverse way -- to watch theunscrupulous Hayward tries to get away with his crime , but like previous Lang murderers , he is so warped that he can never escape the consequences of his acts.A middling crime novelist , Stephen Byrne -LRB- Louis Hayward of `` Anthony Adverse '' -RRB- murders his wife 's maid , Emily -LRB- Dorothy Patrick of `` Follow Me Quietly '' -RRB- , by accident . Stephen accosts her as she descends the stair after bathing in his wife 's bathroom and wearing her perfume and tries to kiss her . It seems that Stephen had a drink and looked up to see a pair of curvaceous thighs coming down the stairs and could n't control himself . Emily deflects his lustful advances , screams when he refuses to let her pass , and keeps on screaming irrationally until he strangles her to death . Stephen is distracted by the appearance of a nosy next door neighbor , Mrs. Ambrose -LRB- Anne Shoemaker of `` They Wo n't Forget '' -RRB- , and assures Emily that he will release her if she only shuts up . He is too worried about what Mrs. Ambrose will tell the community that he does n't realize his own strength . Tragically , Emily does n't stop screaming and Stephen kills her with his bare hands . No sooner has Stephen murdered her than sometime comes knocking at his door . Stephen cowers near the corpse hoping that the individual at the door will go away . Just when he thinks this person has left , the individual surprises Stephen and enters by the back door . Stephen is relieved when he realizes that it is only his crippled brother John -LRB- Lee Bowman of `` Bataan '' -RRB- who walks with a limp and earns his living as an accountant . Stephen convinces John not to go the police because he fears that the authorities wo n't believe his story . Initially , Stephen lies to John and tells him that Emily fell down the stairs . John spots the marks on Emily 's throat and knows that she has been strangled . Against his best instincts , John decides to aid and abet Stephen . It seems that John has helped Stephen out of other jams . Just when John decides to change his mind , Stephen lies that his wife Marjorie -LRB- Jane Wyatt -RRB- is going to have a baby . Reluctantly , John helps Stephen dispose of the body in the river . Earlier , in the first scenes , Mrs. Ambrose complained that the currents of the river conveyed hideous sites . Lang foreshadows the role that the river will play in Stephen 's future . Just when he thinks that he is free and clear , here comes Mrs. Ambrose complaining again about the flotsam in the river . John is especially terrified because he learns to his chagrin that the sack that they stashed Emily in has his name stenciled on it.Anyway , Stephen and John dispose of Emily 's body in the river , but the body comes back on them like everything else . John 's guilty conscience gets the best of him and his nosy housekeeper , Miss Bantam -LRB- Jody Gilbert of `` Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid '' -RRB- , suggests that his erratic behavior after Emily 's mysterious disappearance is proof that he had something to do with her death . Meanwhile , Stephen unravels and tries to kill his own brother and implicate him for Emily 's death . The authorities never catch up with Stephen . His paranoia proves his undoing in a wild comeuppance that has him strangling himself in a curtain that he believes his Emily . As he did in `` Fury , '' Lang uses public opinion generated by gossip to condemn an essentially innocent but misguided character . Good performances , good atmosphere , and Lang 's sure hand at the helm make this melodrama better than a lesser director would have made it . While it is n't a comedy , `` House by the River '' seems to foreshadow `` The Trouble with Harry , '' the Hitchcock movie about a corpse that keeps showing up and driving people crazy .
 This shows what a great director like Fritz Lang can do with peanuts . Laughton must have seen this for his `` Night of the Hunter '' , some of the feel is so similar . `` Hunter '' is superior because the script and cast are , but Jane Wyatt is one of the most underrated talents ever in films , in part because of the Red Scare blacklist of which she was a victim . The other leads are good but the film suffers from mediocre talent in the supporting roles . All the same , this is the kind of film Manny Farber used to champion in his reviews . Pulpy and full bodied . If the budget had been higher , the studio better , this would be talked about in hushed tones .
 Loved this movie . Jane Wyatt was fabulous . The storyline and the visuals were right on . A movie along the lines of House of Usher or Seven Gables with some good surprises .
 This movie is a delightful masterpiece which held me in suspense all the way . I dare say Hitchcock was sort of influenced by this great director . Today one can hardly encounter a director as talented as Mr. Fritz Lang , who had made many unforgettable masterworks such as this terrific film . See it and enjoy !
 Great gothic thriller presented on DVD by Kino . A few imperfections in the picture , but overall a very good quality release . Keeps your attention and is recommended .
 Forgotten and many years unavailable , not shown on TV , superb film noir directed by master director Fritz Lang -LRB- Mabuse , Fury , Clash by Night -RRB- . Louis Hayward and cast of very talented actors -LRB- Dorothy Patrick in an unusual unsympathetic part -RRB- in mystery with many twists and turns and an ironic climax that traps the killer . Gorgeous black and white art direction and cinematography . Long missed but one of the best movies of its era even though it was made by Republic whose classier movies were always the John Waynes . But they did make Welles ' Macbeth which has been restored to its original cut with Scottish accents as well .
 Early in this 1950 Gothic thriller , the central character , a psychopathic turn-of-the-century Southern novelist named Stephen Byrne -LRB- Louis Hayward -RRB- suggests his beautiful blonde maid use his wife 's bath ; he stands outside from his garden and watches with pleasure as the light to the bathroom turns on , and then listens for the bathwater gurgling down the outside drain . The creepy fetishism warns us both of what he will want from her and that there 's something not quite right with him . Thus bravura sequence amply illustrates how even Fritz Lang 's most obscure films are well worth watching ; this Poverty Row Gothic is much more intriguing than many of the major studio pictures of the same time . Byrne molests the maid and strangles her when he 's afraid he 'll be discovered by a neighbor , and soon he has enlisted his brother -LRB- Lee Bowman -RRB- to hide the crime both from the police and from his wife -LRB- Jane Wyatt -RRB- ; eventually , after the submerged corpse of the maid resurfaces in the river outside his house , he manages to frame his brother for the crime.The incredible sequence when Hayward goes onto the river to recover the formerly weighted sack containing the maid 's corpse is unlike anything else in the movie , and clearly -LRB- as others here have noted -RRB- seems to have influenced the moonlit river scenes in Charles Laughton 's later THE NIGHT OF THE HUNTER ; Lang 's ability to suggest something uncanny about the sack -- which is never quite where you -LRB- or Hayward -RRB- thought it would be is a virtuoso display of how editing , lighting , and mise-en-scene can together work wonders with your mind . The film also seems to have influenced Edward Gorey through its unusual period costumes and set design ; the eerie narrow tall windows of the titular house and its underlighting seem straight out of one of Gorey 's small books , as do the women 's corsets and constricting 1890s gowns . Lee Bowman , unfortunately , makes almost no impression as the brother , and although the camera loved Jane Wyatt 's beauty , and she has a ringing speaking voice , she 's a bit too infuriatingly high-minded . But Louis Hayward 's wild staring eyes seem perfectly in keeping with the strange Expressionistic tone of the film , and there 's a really unusual and memorable performance by the massive , prim Jody Gilbert as Bowman 's bossy and infatuated housekeeper . The last five minutes of the film are completely wild -- and it perhaps could have ended no less berserkly .
 Fritz Lang 's `` House by the River '' is not a true film noir , but more properly a gothic mystery or thriller . As such , it compares favorably with Robert Siodmak 's `` The Spiral Staircase '' as the best of the genre . In movies of this type , atmosphere plays a major role , and this one has it in spades
 Louis Hayward stars as erratic and unbalanced writer Stephen Byrne in Fritz Lang 's despondent film noir drama , `` House By the River '' . The privileged Hayward accidently kills his wife 's attractive housemaid after she rejected his unwanted amorous advances . With fear of exposure he wheedles the help of his staid and ethical brother John played by Lee Bowman , to help him dispose of the body . They put the corpse in a sack then submerge it in the nearby river . Curiously the notoriety of the maid Emily 's apparent disappearance allows Hayward 's writing to increase significantly in popularity.The crime adversely affects the behavior of both brothers . Hayward 's behavior becomes more bizarre detaching him from his wife Marjorie played by Jane Wyatt , who in reality cares more for brother John.The body soon surfaces and police discover clues that implicate John Byrne for the crime he did n't commit . The demented Hayward is only too happy to have to brother take the fall for him . In the end however , as in most film noir , justice is served .
 The way I understand it , after some commercial failures and word getting around Hollywood that he was difficult to work with , Fritz Lang -LRB- Dr. Mabuse
 Many will say that ` Peepli Live ' is not your typical Bollywood film -- it is and it is n't . It shows a side of India that 's grinding instead of glamorous , it 's a small film rather than a larger-than-life one , and there are no big-name stars in it . But one very big Bollywood name produced it -- Aamir Khan -- and it is still fundamentally a Bollywood film.The selective Aamir Khan Productions has produced less than a handful of films since its formation nearly a decade ago , including one -- the company 's first , ` Lagaan ' -LRB- 2001 -RRB- -- that was nominated for an Academy Award -LRB- only the third Indian film in history to get an Oscar nod -RRB- , and there 's a good chance ` Peepli Live ' could be the next Indian film to wind up in the Best Foreign Language Film category . Oscar loves social commentaries , even if he is n't partial to comedies . ` Peepli Live ' is both.It 's a darkly humorous satire about a debt-ridden farmer who creates a media circus when he announces that he will commit suicide so that his family can receive government assistance . A comedy about suicide is a tough stretch , but reaching in disparate directions is Hindi cinema 's forte . In fact , this is n't even Aamir Khan 's first comedy about the topic -- he starred in the critically praised blockbuster ' 3 Idiots ' -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , a coming-of-age film about college students cracking under intense social pressure to succeed . The extreme measures of both struggling students and failing farmers are real problems -LRB- scores of farmers have killed themselves for government aid in recent years -RRB- , and while ' 3 Idiots ' takes higher education to task , ` Peepli Live ' indicts politicians and the media for preying on the poor , while also making a larger statement about the callous self-interest of human beings.The story takes place in the fictional village of Peepli -LRB- many of the actors are , in fact , amateurs from a small village in the region where the film is set -RRB- . Natha -LRB- Omkar Das Manikpuri -RRB- is a simpleton who is about to lose his farm in foreclosure . He has a wife , three kids , an older brother -- who 's a good-for-nothing bachelor , presumably because of his penchant for pot-smoking -- and a bedridden elderly mother -- whose ranting and insults are the funniest parts of the movie . This is not a loving family and their village is not an idyllic community . The people here are nasty . When Natha turns to the local crime boss for help , the mobster jokingly suggests that Natha kill himself for the money and his brother Budhia -LRB- Raghubir Yadav -RRB- convinces him to do it . Natha 's perpetually angry , suffering wife thinks it 's a stupid idea -- because she thinks everything Natha does is stupid . No one cares if he dies , not even his kids . And yet , this man does n't really want to die , even though he has little reason to live . After a local reporter catches wind of his plans , the story goes national , and journalists and politicians descend on Peepli like vultures . The situation turns into a ridiculous feeding frenzy with the not-yet-dead Natha offered up for public consumption . With the whole country waiting for him to die , Natha is afraid to back out.If you do n't laugh at life -- the old saying goes -- you 'll cry . And true to Bollywood tradition , ` Peepli Live ' makes sure we do both . - The Bollywood Ticket
 This smart and cynical movie makes you stop and think about how the press rules the world . This not typical Bollywood film makes a marvelous point about how press driven our world is -- so much so that a small , rural farmer 's desire to claim a suicide benefit for his family 's failing farm brings forth the worst of the fourth estate ! The press descends in droves to this small village , and soon overwhelm the entire village with their desire to gain the biggest headline . This soon to be Oscar contender makes a simple story into a monumental point -- that there is no news with out a newsman .
 This is a brilliantly made , tightly scripted but deeply real movie about rural India . It does not glamorize either town or countryside - unlike the unbelievable atrocity and unbelievable glamor of Slumdog Millionaire . It presents actors looking much as real people look - literally warts and all.The only thing missing are swarms of flies - I was struck by the fact that the village yards had no flies I could see.It sends up the professional NGO activists , newsmedia and politicians alike.It is dark but very funny if you can ignore the underlying grimness . I would compare it to a British film like ` Four Lions ' in that regard .
 India has been ruled by a single feudal family of the Nehru dynasty 89 % of the time since Indias independence . Imagine the democrats/far leftists had been in power in the US 86 % of the time and how the US might have turned out . Thats how India is like today . Even the recent economic development is due to natural capitalistic culture of the Indians . The capitalistic Hindu culture has helped create some wealth for Indians to alleviate them from poverty , in spite of this alien Nehruvian socialistic culture that has been artificially infused into India by the leftists . The congress leftists and its cheerleaders need to own up to this mess if they even have a single ounce of decency left in their soul . If you have been in power 86 % of the time since independence , are you not 86 % culpable for the state it is in ? In ancient Japan , someone with such a record of failure yet have honor would have committed Sepaku by now . The congress party has the Munchhausen syndrome by proxy . It needs 600 million sick and dying so they can constantly mother them . Imagine these millions of people become like the other rich people of India . Holy cow . . that 's the end of the congress party . The Horror of it frightens the lefty congress family feudals . When the `` India shining '' Reaganisque moral boosting campaign cry were put out to the nation to wake up its citizens to act , the lefties cringed and loathed such a thing . They hated it and mocked it . Sonia Gandhi the Eva Peron of India has been fooling the illiterate masses with her caste and religious politics of division and keeping the throne for her two imbecile children who have never done an honest day of labor to earn their keep . Ironically its the Macaulite educated folks of India who cheer lead the ignorant illiterates of India to keep voting for this congressie feudal family regime . India is not a republic . Its an anarchy disguised as a republic . This movie is a good window into this anarchic alien Socialist culture of India introduced by the Bengali leftist intellectuals . The English media of India is another vile establishment in this anarchy . Peepli Live is a satire on this faux republic of India.Some facts : The C0ngress left party has ruled India 89 % of the time and the Nehru feudal family has ruled 82 % of that time!Nehru prime minister of India , from 1947 until 1964 17 yearsIndira Gandhi -LRB- Nehru 's daughter who took the Gandhi 's name just for name recognition so the poor people would vote for her thinking she was related to Mahatma Gandhi -RRB- -RRB- Prime Minister of the Republic of India for three consecutive terms from 1966 to 1977 and for a fourth term from 1980 until her d_eath in 1984 , a total of fifteen years . 15 yearsRajeev Gandhi -LRB- Indira 's son -RRB- was the 7th Prime Minister of India , serving from October 1984 to December 1989/91 . = 7 yearsManMohan Singh as a Proxy PM for Sonia Gandhi . He took the oath as the Prime Minister of India on 22 May 2004 = 7 years + Total = 46 yearsLal Bahudur Shastri -LRB- Congress Party -RRB- = 2 yearsP . V. Narasimha Rao -LRB- Congress Party -RRB- = 1991-1886 = 6 years = 56 years . 56 years out of 63 years of India 's independenceNow , they have Rahul and his sister waiting in line for the throne . They would then have children and it goes into perpetuity . Is this even a republic ? I do n't think so . And the worst of all , they have blamed everyone else for the poverty and plight in India and have not taken ownership for any of the problems . NEVER!In all this time , the left of India has not built infrastructure like irrigation for the farmers of India .
 No , I am not going to start off this piece by going on and on about how Jeff Bridges ' Oscar-winning performance in Crazy Hearts as down-and-out country singer/songwriter Bad Blake was merely an extension of him as a modern young Texas dude , Duane Jackson , in Peter Bogdanovitch 's film adaptation of Larry McMurtry 's The Last Picture Show . Although , now that I think about it , I could . Rather , though I want to use my time to look at this film , Bad Company , as an example of that then -LRB- 1972 -RRB- fairly new look at the old American West through other than rose-colored glasses.McCabe and Mrs. Miller and The Wild Bunch are probably better known , and rightly so , for breaking down the black and white view of the old wild West that those of us who came of age in the dawn of the television era -LRB- black and white television , to boot -RRB- of the early 1950s and formed our view of the `` cowboys and Indians '' from the seemingly endless Westerns that ran on Saturday morning -LRB- and Saturday afternoon at the movie house , alternating with scary horror or monster movies -RRB- . The good guys wore white , the bad guys black and the Indians , well , it was kind of left unsaid but the only good one was a dead one . The above mentioned films , this film , and writers like McMurtry and Cormac McCarthy helped to bring some realism , some naturalism to the layers of myth and mis-history . Take the plot of Bad Company . A young man , the hero of the film or rather better the anti-hero , of good Ohio family , aided and abetted by that family , is furnished with the means to avoid being conscripted into the Union Army during the later stages of the American Civil War . Said nave young man learns the lessons of survival in the rough and tumble West before he even gets past Missouri . From there , aided by roustabout and ne'er - do-well Jeff Bridges -LRB- being , well , prankster Jeff Bridges -RRB- , and his gang , he pushes on trying , trying against all odds to keep on the right side of the law -LRB- read
 This film makes you believe that this is how it was as the characters slide into outlawhood . It 's just a great shame the sound on the disk is so terrible .
 In the late 1960s and early 1970s , more and more westerns came along that tried to show the Wild West as it really was . Some were better than others obviously , and Bad Company is one of the best . In 1863 , young Drew Dixon is sent west by his family to avoid being conscripted into the U.S. army during the Civil War . In St. Joseph , Missouri , Dixon meets Jake Rumsey , a young man who has deserted from his outfit . Dixon joins Rumsey and his gang of young , inexperienced `` desperadoes '' traveling into the untamed west looking for riches and a new life . But on the trail , the group of six realize how inexperienced they are , especially when they run across a band of outlaws . This is n't a well-known movie , but it should be . The story is beautifully told and does n't rush to any conclusions . The movie takes it 's time moving along and developing the plot full of humor , double crosses , and startling violence that caught me off guard the first time I saw it . In a time when the western genre was struggling and now in 2008 , Bad Company is one of the better ones , do n't miss out.The two main leads in Bad Company are equally strong and carry the movie . A very young Jeff Bridges plays Jake Rumsey , the leader of the little bunch and the most experienced of them when it comes to living on your own . Bridges is good at being a character that you 're not quite sure what drives him . Sometimes he 's on the straight and narrow , other times he veers off . Barry Brown plays Drew Dixon , the young man sent west to avoid the Civil War and tries to remain true to the way he was brought up , being a good man and trying to live a clean life . Brown and Bridges play beautifully off each other throughout . The rest of the little gang includes John Savage as Loney , Jerry Houser as Simms , Damon Cofer as Jim Bob , and Joshua Hill Lewis as Boog , the youngest of the bunch . David Huddleston is perfect as Big Joe , the leader of a group of outlaws who come across Jake and Drew several times on the trail . His gang includes Geoffrey Lewis , Ed Lauter , Raymond Guth , and John Quade . Bad Company has a very strong cast overall from beginning to end , from Jeff Bridges and Barry Brown all the way to the bit parts.The DVD offers a widescreen presentation and nothing else . It 's a good thing the movie is excellent on it 's own . At least throw a trailer in or something . But with a great cast , some beautiful cinematography , and a memorable piano-heavy musical score , Bad Company is a safe bet for fans of westerns that lean more toward the realistic . It 's not a hugely well-known movie , but do n't let that scare you away , check out Bad Company !
 `` Bad Company '' -LRB- 1972 -RRB- is an underrated gem of a then-novel genre : the Anti-Western . There are no punches pulled , no wholesome moral lessons , no happy endings in this gritty , minimalistic drama about the fortunes oftwo diametrically opposite young men , and , when they finally intertwine , how alike they really are.Drew Dixon -LRB- Barry Brown -RRB- a naive , pious young Ohio draft dodger on the run from Union during the Civil War meets up with a raffish , genial criminal , Jake Rumsey -LRB- Jeff Bridges -RRB- , and aftera savage , furniture-annihilating fight -LRB- in which Dixon unsuccessfully attempts to retrieve money which Rumsey stole from him -RRB- , the larger Rumsey is impressed with Drew Dixon 's moxie , and inducts Dixon into his gang.The gang -LRB- a disorderly collection of runaways and orphans -RRB- maketheir way across the stark , lonely prairie and fall afoul ofanother gang , older and more vicious than they.However , after losing the gang to gunshots and defection in the course of their travels , the remaining two , Rumsey and Dixon , meet up with , and take on their former adversaries - this time , with murderous accuracy.In actuality , the movie is less about the bravado of a boy gang , and more about the subtle vitiation of a `` good '' boy , Drew Dixon , who , when removed from the structured evironment of a religiousfamily proved not so dissimilar from his criminal -LRB- but moreforthright -RRB- cohort , Jake Rumsey . In the end , the cold-eyed , cynical Dixon is the one who snarls , during a bank robbery
 The misadventures of two men who will have to play hard in order to survive . The key is to grow up . Fine script that meshes action , humor and the insight gaze on the run of the Civil War West . Jeff Bridges is the experienced and Brown the newcomer.A true experience of life .
 Four Big Sheriff 's Stars for this production ! I love westerns , particualrly set in this time `` when the west was young , '' the 1860 's - loved the soundtrack , loved the stark natural locations , loved the wit and literacy of the dialogue . The story moves right along , the characters are interesting . The director and writer draw us in to a world transforming where silly harmless pranks evolve into deadly serious crimes . I am getting to be a bit of a `` cinema geek '' in spotting tiny details . The handguns , nearly every one I saw , were 1873 model Colts -LRB- or a similar configuration -RRB- . The time setting was for the film was 1863 - full decade before such firearms were available to the public . That 's my only beef .
 This is a ` cowboy film ' with a difference . Basic sets , realistic plot , believable scenarios without sensation . Every performance is a gem . Bridges shows his potential at a young age , the rest of the cast follow suit . An early western classic .
 See the bowl of apples in the boarding house?Now go watch the Jeff Bridges `` True Grit . '' See the bowl of apples?Now recall that Rooster Cogburn is a `` notorious thumper , '' and always changing his name.I do n't care if the Coen brothers intended Bridges 's more recent performance to be a continuation of his earlier character or not . The young Bridges character would be a perfect youth and background for the cynical , blathering , poverty-stricken , dangerous old sheriff.It just works so well -- and I have a lot more fun believing they did . It 's my apple , and I 'm so very glad the Coens could get Bridges .
 This first feature directed by Robert Benton sets the tone for all the good work he followed it with.While there 's little in common between this darkly funny western , and say ` Kramer vs.Kramer ' on a story level , the underlying style and themes - a genuine appreciation of thecomplexity of human nature , a refusal to judge characters in simplistic terms , a senseof humor off-setting even heart rending situations , a subtle visual strength that neveroverwhelms the story , but always strengthens and feeds it - are all already in place.Here he creates a western not quite like any other , as a rag-tag group of young boys , most on the run from conscription in the Civil War -LRB- clearly a Vietnam-era reference -RRB- try to make it on their own as ` outlaws ' , or at least their romantic notion of such , The main conflict is between Brian Brown 's straight arrow Christian boy , aping theideals and notions taught him all his life , and the very young Jeff Bridges equallyacting out his schoolboy idea of a tough guy.Along the way , as they encounter a series of real adults , dangerous , hardened , seemingly with no ideals left , both young men are slowly forced by circumstanceto examine and change their own self-image . There are a few cheats here or there on a story level , and not every episode is as good as thenext in this episodic tale , but this is a unique , creative and terrific use of the ` old west ` to explore modern morality with wit , humanity and complexity .
 This was another movie that I was turned onto by the website The Unknown Movies and can recommend to anyone who is a Jeff Bridges fan or a fan of 70 's cinema it pays off on both counts .
 This is a good but unusual western that is more realistic than your typical western . Worthwhile , if your not expecting `` young guns ! ''
 No , this is n't an action-comedy with Chris Rock and Anthony Hopkins . This is a little-known Western from the early 1970s that deserves a revival of interest . It 's gritty , realistic , often funny , well-acted , and unlike most people 's expectations of what the Western should be . Fans of the genre , as well as those to claim not to like Westerns at all , should give it a try . `` Bad Company '' shows how the American Western was changing in the early 70s . The influence of the Italian Westerns of the 60s caused American directors to take a fresh look at the genre , and by the time of `` Bad Company '' some excellent directors were finding a new , unique voice in the old world of the horse operas . Robert Benton , who co-wrote `` Bonnie and Clyde '' and would later helm `` Kramer vs. Kramer , '' makes his directorial debut here and does a teriffic , low-key job . The film shows the irony of `` go west , young man '' through its story of a band of young toughs who venture into the promise of the frontier only to find deprivation , cruelty , and death . It 's a grim and realistic premise , devoid of old-fashioned Western heroics , but the movie has a certain lightness and joy as well . The recent smash hit `` Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid '' had a definite influence on the relationship between the leads here , Jeff Bridges and Barry Brown.Bridges is superb and convincing in his part , and David Huddleston has great presence in his unusual villain role . The photography is glowing and romantic despite the gritty story , but it works wonderfully at evoking the time period . A highly recommended film for people who want something a bit different with their Western .
 Jeff Bridges made two great , underappreciated movies in 1972 - the John Huston directed FAT CITY and BAD COMPANY . Audience indifference to FAT CITY has always baffled me . As of today I have a new conundrum to puzzle over . BAD COMPANY is one of the best movies I 've seen in a long , long time.It 's 1863 and the Union army is rounding up draft dodgers . Young Drew Dixon -LRB- Barry Brown -RRB- , with parental blessings , prayers and one hundred dollars in traveling money , lights out for the territories beyond the reach of the US Army . His journey stalls out as soon as he reaches ` St. Jo '' . The army is there in force and transportation west is scarce . It 's only a matter of time before he 's discovered , and the penalty this time might result in his death.Drew stumbles upon a group of homeless young ruffians , nominally led by Jake Rumsey -LRB- Jeff Bridges -RRB- , and in short order he joins them . On mule and horse the six young men bid farewell to the United States and head west for Virginia City . As Drew tells us in a voice-over narration , `` I 've fallen in with some rough types , but it seems to be the only way I can get to the west and make my parents proud . `` BAD COMPANY looks beautiful . Most of the action takes place out of doors , on the golden prairie ` neath a cerulean blue sky . Even the few indoor shots do n't look like typical studio sets - when Jake and Drew have a little set-to in a house the props have weight to them , and chairs and tables do n't collapse when fallen upon . The editing and acting add to the naturalistic feeling . Director Robert Benton allows scenes to play themselves through , and he allows the actors time and room to find the meaning of scenes . It helps tremendously that Bridges is cast in the lead role - even at this early stage of his career his charisma and instincts are in full play.The plot is a bit of a shaggy dog and it takes a few unexpected twists and turns , but things never feel forced . For instance , after a couple days on the road the boys come across a farmer and his wife heading east . The farmer gave up and is heading back home , done in by twisters and cattle men and `` pure d-rotten soil . '' The scene might have ended there , it was a natural end point , but Benton extends it and has the farmer make a rather surprising offer to the boys involving his wife . It 's a decision that could have ruined the scene and maimed the movie if done wrong . It is handled so smoothly , though , that it 's utterly convincing.BAD COMPANY is a great movie that deserves better than the anonymity it 's been languishing in for the last three decades or so.WARNING
 One of the best anti-heroic westerns I 've seen ... A young , brash Jeff Bridges stars as Jake Rumsey , the putative leader of a disorganized `` gang '' of adolescent boys , set adrift amid the lawlessness of the Civil War-era West . The boys teeter between adulthood and adolescence , abject fear and murderous amorality , and as they wander through the bleak , vacant prairie , they have no signposts -- figurative or literal -- to guide them . Although the subject matter is pretty raw , the film is surprisingly circumspect -LRB- visually , at least -RRB- , and the violence and pain it portrays is all given a complete context , and full emotional depth . It 's a surprising film , with a deceptively simple structure weighed against a deeply pessimistic view of human nature . It 's also one of those superior westerns that feels absolutely , completely convincing . Recommended .
 If you search for the film title `` Bad Company '' you 'll find four films with that title . Only one of them is worth your time and this is it . The Drew Dixon -LRB- late Barry Brown -RRB- is on the run from the draft during the Civil War . He runs into petty criminal Jake Rumsey -LRB- Jeff Bridges -RRB- who promptly robs him . Dixon becomes a reluctant criminal and is drawn into Rumsey 's gang of theives . Featuring fine supporting roles from John Savage , Ed Lauter and Jim Davis `` Bad Company '' features witty dialogue and , for its time -LRB- 1972-3 -RRB- an authentic feel for the old west . Featuring gorgeous cinematography by Gordon Willis and terrific charismatic performances by Bridges and Brown `` Bad Company '' has aged remarkably well because of this and the deft writing -LRB- by Robert Benton and David Newman -RRB- and direction by Robert Benton -LRB- `` Kramer vs. Kramer '' , `` The Late Show '' , `` Places in the Heart '' -RRB- . Although Paramount 's DVD of the film is bare bones the film looks decent in this transfer if a tad dark . The film really deserves better attention and could use a bit of cleaning up . The grain evident in the film is the result of the film stock and look that Benton and Willis wanted . The sound could be cleaned up a bit . This classic film really deserves a release from Anchor Bay or a specialty house that can gives us any existing outtakes , deleted scenes -LRB- if they still exist -RRB- , featurettes and background ont he making of the film.Highly recommended .
 This is an overlooked and , unfortunately , mostly forgotten Western from the 1970s . I first saw it with my younger sisters and brother at the Mustang Drive-In in Chandler , Arizona . Also , many people may not know that members of a 70s rock band were so impressed with the movie that they chose the movie 's title for their band 's name.The story is about one boy -LRB- Barry Brown -RRB- and his struggle to survive after his parents send him to the West to avoid being drafted into the Civil War . His mother makes him promise to write her over the course of his journey . The boy , being a good Methodist , promises his mother that he will and leaves the security of his home to find loneliness and hunger on the road . He meets up with a band of homeless -LRB- and possibly runaway or draft-dodging -RRB- boys like himself and travels with them towards the Western US . They have many adventures , but get themselves in trouble , too . One boy is shot and killed for stealing a pie which is cooling on a windowsill . Another boy meets a similar tragic ending . Finally , the only two left are the boys played by Barry Brown and Jeff Bridges . Jeff plays a boy who is the antithesis of Barry -- bad versus good -- and Jeff finally corrupts Barry by his lawless , immoral ways
 Some films just never seem to build up much support or reputation no matter how much they affect many of those few who see them . Case in point Bad Company - no , not the Jerry Bruckheimer turkey but the undervalued Robert Benton semi-Western from 1972 with Barry Brown 's upstanding young man on the run from the Union press gangs during the Civil War finding himself in ` rough company ' with Jeff Bridges and his band of juvenile delinquent outcast would-be desperadoes -LRB- John Savage among them -RRB- in a bleak and harsh West . Not the easiest of sells even in a healthier box-office climate than the early 70s , it holds up much better than many of its more revered contemporaries , avoiding the increasing trend towards political allegory in the genre for a more underplayed ` this is how it was ' approach , complete with all the pettiness , spite , bravado and delusions of youth in a world that really has no place or use for them . In many ways it 's more a road movie with horses than a conventional Western , the journey being not from the city to the West but from moral principles to their abandonment - not so much a loss of innocence but more an acceptance of what it takes to survive in a world where compassion is a weakness.Yet it 's a strangely uncynical film , surprisingly entertaining and involving , with fine performances that feel almost Dickensian at times
 Picturesque yet grotesque , heart-warming yet so bitingly real , ` Bad Company ' depicts a Western landscape which had really only been trod upon before in the Spaghetti westerns of the mid to late Sixties . This is as much a poignant exhibition of friendship under duress as it is a shotgun shell in the face of America regarding her sordid conditions in the last century . Brown comes to us as a hero flawed solely by his uprightness and his plight is severe enough for the viewer to sense suspense right away . The picture opens with a caged wagon of rounded-up pre-facto deserters of the Union Army before showing the brutality of the press gang tactics used by the Yankees in dramatic operation . By the time Brown escapes and meets Bridges , his life has become precious to us ; and yet soon we are introduced to Bridges and his band of adolescent and pre-pubescent outlaws and adopt them as protagonists just as readily . ` Bad Company ' is a tale of sharp realism , involving every dirty piece of laundry the Old West had inherent to it . There 's shooting , mugging , prostitution , hanging , robbery , bush-whacking and the justly shocking sequence when , after a botched attempt to steal food , the youngest member of the gang -LRB- about 10 yrs old -RRB- gets shot in the head with a ten gauge . The film is very well presented by director Benton who wastes no time in using the rural backdrop as a hunting and hunted ground for the roaming youngsters . The viewer is forced to feel the misery of the wet , the adrenalin surges of the chase scenes , the fear of sleeping in the open and every other emotion conjurable in the boys ' predicament . There is not one bit of embellishment here or effort made to ensure a happy ending and that 's the way it should be . This is truly a landmark movie in American cinema and it predates the likes of Eastwood 's first American attempt at dark Westerns in ` High Plains Drifter ' by a year or so . Any humour , pathos or thrills are generated wholly by natural , realistic causation in ` Bad Company ' . More importantly , the symbolism of the gentile young man corrupted by the conditions of the country he had wanted to succeed in comes to the viewer 's senses in so unexpected a manner that it borderlines the subliminal . ` Bad Company ' does n't show how the West was won but , rather , just how it was and that is a difference which is immeasurably better than watching anything Gary Cooper , Gene Autry or John Wayne-oriented to make sense of the phenomenon .
 I have always loved this movie for two reasons . First , it was shot on some beautifull land . This is one of those movies that are worth watching simply for the great shots that are captured in it . This is no secret in the western and dates all the way back to the old John Ford movies . Scenery can make the western . Second , I like it 's authentic feel and non-glamorised telling of a harsh story . Even the characters are examples of this -- runaways from conscription in the Civil War . This was a pretty common thing back then , although it 's not much talked about . Histories most famous draft-dodger was Mark Twain , and fact is , many men fled westwards to avoid fighting in the war . The desicion to leave home and try their luck in a west must have been something and have taken iron grit , but as this movie portrays , it was not a very fun time . Also seen in this film is the depiction of the true gunfight . The handgun was not all too an accurate weapon , most people using them did n't know how , and most fights with them took place at point blank range and could often result in not a single hit!the fact is , the American west was a bleak place filled with harsh conditions that produced a variety of resulting men . Some would take the high road . Others would do what was needed to survive . `` Bad Company '' explores these themes while telling a story . It does n't white-wash the real story with heroic figures or good vs bad . If anything , it will give you resepct for the average person who managed to make it back then , and it will make you understand the desperation people must have had to settle the west . The only reason I do n't give it 5 stars is the movie does leave you without a strong impression that I think great movies should have . The storyline is a little weak at times , and seems to move choppily , but overall , any fan of the genre should check this out .
 The central idea that these men find they MUST push a rock over the edge of a cliff speaks volumes about human nature . The characters are also somewhat interesting but there is no great drama in their lives or the story other than finding they can not move forward in live without pushing a rock they had never seen before over a cliff . The very lack of central drama leads the viewer to philosophical questioning and the subtle storyline does not really seek to interrupt that . I really appreciate it when a film does this , especially when filmed so beautifully .
 Four middle-aged men in Iran are driving from a ski trip , pull over for a bathroom break , see a huge boulder on a cliff , and decide to push it over the edge - the story is as simple as that . It sounds so silly for some guys to decide to do this and spend so much time on it but you understand it as a part of human nature . Sometimes you just feel a need to do something and ca n't move on until the task is done . The rock on the cliff is compelling enough , and I spent the entire movie truly wishing that they could push it over , even if just to see what -LRB- if anything -RRB- would happen . In the course of the day , the men are joined by other people passing through who join there cause -LRB- or sell a donkey to it -RRB- . The film was inspired by an idea from Abbas Kiarostami and it reminded me of one of his films , Close-Up ; both stories explore men going to far lengths to do something that does n't seem wise or useful to do . It 's about the nature of people to do what they are compelled to do , even if it makes no sense . And yes , it 's just plain silly .
 The only reason to purchase this movie is to watch the sexy Jennifer Beals Pout her way through the scenes .
 THE BRIDE is n't really a horror film . It plays like a twisted `` Pygmalion '' , a dark fairytale that is quite beautiful in it 's design and look.Dr Frankenstein -LRB- Sting -RRB- creates a female companion for his original monster -LRB- played by Clancy Brown -RRB- . Things go wrong when the monster reacts violently and the lab becomes engulfed by flames . The monster escapes and ` Eva ' is left in the care of Frankenstein.The rest of the film focuses on the 2 separate adventures of Eva and the monster . Jennifer Beals is luminous as Eva , a woman who somehow knows she is different and is always searching for answers . Sting plays Dr Frankenstein with all the pomp and circumstance he can muster , and suits the time period of the film perfectly . Clancy Brown gives ` Viktor ' the monster a humanity and heart , and David Rappaport , as Viktor 's tiny friend , is a real scene-stealer . Geraldine Page is wasted as Frankenstein 's remote housekeeper.The music by Maurice Jarre of DOCTOR ZHIVAGO fame is lush , and the scenic design is haunting -LRB- especially the eerie huge statues that Eva and Frankenstein ride past in the woods -RRB- . Direction by Franc Roddam is perfectly-pitched . Not your average horror film .
 Thankfully this is out on DVD and a new audience can appreciate how well it was made and can learn from the Director 's Commentary what makes it so special . `` The Bride '' is more Thomas Hardy than Mary Shelley , and more Gothic romance than horror . Director Franc Roddam points out -LRB- on his DVD commentary -RRB- that he wanted to make a very different version of the old story by eliminating almost all elements of horror ; so only the first ten minutes qualify as authentic horror.Roddam does not discuss the illogic of making a film devoid of the very elements its `` target audience '' was interested in seeing , but we already know that `` The Bride '' had a very poor showing at the box office . This target audience disconnect was most likely the cause . Nor does he comment on the failure to market the film to another audience segment ; those interested in Gothic period pieces.It is especially cool that 20 years later the film is finally being discovered by this other audience and they are finding it a beautifully photographed example of their genre that emphasizes story-line and atmosphere over blood and gore.Even the much criticized casting of inexperienced leads Jennifer Beals and Sting -LRB- both look great in period costume -RRB- takes on a different dimension when the film is re-classified into the Gothic genre . Suddenly you see that the director was the one most responsible for the apparent lack of chemistry between the two stars , particularly Beals lack of passion in the scenes they share . These were the performances the Roddam wanted and not a reflection of inexperience or talent limitations . Which is not to say that Sting will ever be mistaken for a great acting talent but Beals has been unjustly criticized for a shallow performance when it was simply everything Roddam wanted it to be . Her character is only learning how to feel as the film progresses and as events play out we learn that her emotionless attitude simply conveys her indifferent feelings toward her creator.I highly recommend this movie as Roddam is an excellent stylistic director and has made a very good Gothic romance . The fantastic production design works to unify what are two stories as Roddam cuts back and forth between the Baron -LRB- Sting -RRB- teaching his creation Eva -LRB- Beals -RRB- while David Rappaport as Rinaldo teaches his other creation Victor , played by Clancy Brown . There is a psychic link between the two creations which will result in a interesting plot twist.Roddam has created a visually gorgeous film that has held up much better than the 1980 's mainstream features that outperformed it at the box office . Do n't be scared away by the negative comments , if you know what to expect -LRB- gothic romance not horror -RRB- almost any fan of films will enjoy `` The Bride '' . I recommend the DVD , it was made from a flawless print and the widescreen presentation better showcases both the top-notch photography and the terrific work of the production designer.Then again , what do I know ? I 'm only a child .
 In 1985 when both Sting and Jennifer Beals were huge draws , this movie was created
 First and last , this has got to be the ultimate love story , complete with conflict and great supporting characters , etc. . Though the characters of Mary Shelley are suggested , this is in no way a horror film . The lush , gorgeous music of Maurice Jarre lets you know this right from the start . I 'll not blab away the plot , except to say that the separate adventures of the bride and the `` monster '' are paralleled cleverly by director Franc Roddam . Sting was good , as was Jennifer Beals . Clancy Brown as Viktor -LRB- the monster -RRB- had wonderfully realized sense of moral character , suspicious of kindness ; grateful for friendship . His friendship is found in the person of Rinaldo , wonderfully played by David Rappaport . There 's adventure , loss , renewal and a darn good story to go along with it . As in Mary Slelley 's tale , there is goodness and evil . Here , it 's approached in a refreshing new way . This has a more satisfying ending . I only bought this film because I love Geraldine Page . Her natural brilliance is n't given much of a challenge . `` The Bride '' came out in 1985 , the same year Ms. Page gave her Oscar winning performance in `` The Trip to Bountiful '' . Any moment of Page is worth it . A pity she left this world in 1986 . Aside from that , `` The Bride '' is worth consideration . This really is a great date movie ...
 I had n't seen any of Jennifer Beals ' early films when I watched THE BRIDE just the other night . From her more recent work -LRB- FOUR ROOMS , THE ANNIVERSARY PARTY and now THE L WORD -RRB- , I know she is a first-rate actress , but did n't know what to expect from her beginning work -LRB- I still have to see FLASHDANCE . -RRB- Though I 've read critics ' reviews panning this film , I think THE BRIDE is quite good and deserving of the regard other `` undiscovered '' or `` underground '' films receive.The story is straightforward enough
 First of all , this is n't at all close to anything from the original novel by Mary Shelley . In the book , work begins on a bride for the creature , and is then abandoned , which leads to all sorts of unpleasantness.This film is sort of a exploration of how the story might have developed if work on the creatures mate had continued . Sting , of the Police , plays the Doctor , and Jennifer Beals plays his second creation . Obviously , his skills have improved from his first effort , however an accident in the lab leads to a fire , and the loss of the first creature , or so he believes . He then sets out to educate her as a continuing experiment . Meanwhile , the first creature is being educated by different experiences as he wanders the countryside , eventually befriending a dwarf who helps him find employment . Eventually , the creature and his intended bride cross paths again ... with results which are perhaps unexpected , given their different backgrounds . This is perhaps the only Frankenstein film with an positive ending , attempting to show that even artificially created humans might have a soul , or a spirit , which seeks to rise above the limitations of the flesh . The set design of the film was good , especially ` the masoleum ' . Jennifer Beals is gorgeous as ` The Bride ' , and the performance by Clancy Brown as the ` creature ' is also good , as is David Rappaport as the dwarf . I enjoyed it.Ron
 I do n't expect anything more of a movie than to enjoy it and be entertained . I do n't seek to psychoanalyze or offer up in-depth critique , it 's only a movie . I either enjoy it or I do n't . I like this movie , it 's a great rainy day or late night flick . The scenery is beautiful and the horses are magnificent !
 I will admit after watching the 1930 's version of Metropolis , it held more intelligence and a theme , which is stilled used in films today , than `` The Bride '' could ever claim ! But , there is much to be loved in this film . I 've always enjoyed STING , with or without The Police , and had grown to enjoy his performance in `` DUNE '' . Jennifer Beals -LRB- Flashdance -RRB- is as beautiful , sweet , innocent , and dangerous as she could portray . Clancy Brown -LRB- Highlander -RRB- played Frankenstein , an experiment longing for friendship and normality in his life . And you have to have heart for the `` little guy '' in the movie ! The movie has it all adventure , love , action , and some dead spots ! This film is for sentimental value only . If you 've a soft spot in your heart for the 80 's , it would n't hurt to buy this film . Be forewarned
 This is my second favorite version of Frankenstein . It 's not very true to the book but it is still a great film . Do n't confuse this with the original Bride of Frankenstein , this is more like what would have happened after The Bride of Frankenstein or if Dr. Frankenstein had followed through on making a mate for his creature . It can act as a quasi-sequel to any version of the Frankenstein story.It 's a very sympathetic story toward the monster as well as towards the rights of women . It has a kind of hammer horror quality to it , which I always feel gives a movie a Gothic charm , rather like Tim Burton 's Sleepy Hollow . Also Sting makes for a very alluring , attractive and somewhat similar version of Dr. Frankenstein.A pet peeve of mine is when people say this is not horror . I loathe when people say something is not horror just because it has romance or well developed characters . Horror is not always mindless killing . Traditional horror never was . This is GOOD horror . It IS Horror and to say it 's not horror is an insult to the genre . It has death , it has suspense , it has the characters you care about in peril , it has danger , it has intrigue , it has man made monsters . It 's horror . It 's good Gothic horror but it 's horror . People forget what true , traditional Gothic horror entails.Special note
 Sting is Frankenstein who decides to create a mate for his first monster . There are 2 stories going on at the same time . One is about the woman Frankenstein creates and the other is the fate of his first monster who finds a friend and joins the circus . Frankenstein names his female creation Eva and decides to teach her to be an equal to men . He educates her and spends a lot of time with her as he finds himself in love with her . The movie cuts back and forth from one story to the other . In my opinion the `` run away and join the circus '' story takes away the intensity of the horror that Frankenstein is all about . The monster , Victor never forgets Eva and dreams of finding her again but is afraid she will reject him as she is so beautiful and he knows he is ugly . As Eva gains confidence and knowledge she begins to hate Frankenstein . She is horrified when she realizes the truth about her origins . They have fight at the end ; `` You did not create me . '' She screams and Frankenstein answers , `` As a matter of fact , I did . '' Eva meets Victor at the end .
 I REMEMBER WATCHING THIS MOVIE WHEN I WAS YOUNG AND I THOUGHT IT WAS THE BEST ! A GREAT TWIST ON A CLASSIC TALE THIS WAS THE FRANKENSTIEN MOVIE OF THE 1980 'S . GREAT ACTING TOO FROM ALL THE ACTORS AND ACTRESSES .
 this was a great movie it starts out with a recreation of the last scene of `` bride of frankenstein '' and then the movie continues after that only the bride dose n't die i would definitly reccomend it
 First , it must be said that it helps to have seen the original 1935 Bride of Frankenstein . The original is an all time horror classic and it is viewed by some as the best horror movie ever . So if you have n't seen the original , you 're missing something special . This remake is 50 years later and naturally is in color.Sting is a quiet reserved and brooding Dr. Frankenstein and this film is a different take on the classic story and not an exact remake . Sting is good as the doctor and Jennifer Beals is great as the title character . She brings a sexiness to the role that Elsa Lanchester could not . Boris Karloff can rest comfortably in his grave knowing that no one has topped his performance as the monster and that is very true here . The original had some great supporting performances and every role is perfectly cast in the 1935 film - this one is more focused on the 2 leads and the Bride character is much more prominent in this movie . I think critics hammered this movie because it is not the equal of the original but what is ? Taken on its own , this is a fine movie if not the equal of one of the all time classics of the horror genre .
 Sting and Jennifer Beals give fine performances in this film . However , I bought it for Clancy Brown 's performance . He is such an underrated actor . But everything I 've ever seen him in , he gives his all . In this atmospheric and compelling film he gives such a wonderful performance as Viktor , the creature that Frankenstein -LRB- Sting 's character -RRB- brought to life in a laboratory . Even when he 's not speaking , the expression in his eyes can be heartbreaking . Also the friendship that he and David Rappaport shared in the film was quite touching .
 The film begins in the lab of Baron Von Frankenstein . However , the bride created is a beautiful , young woman.The man created earlier by Baron Frankenstein only shows a hint of being a man-creation in the first scene when his stitches have not yet healed . However , by the second scene the man-creation is all healed up , and is just a big , strong , child-like , man , who fits in fine with the public.Baron Frankenstein decides to keep the beautiful young , woman-creation for himself , and so drives the man-creation away . The man-creation has interesting adventures on the road , making fast-friends with a wise , dwarf . The wise , dwarf needs the man-creation 's physical-strength and protection , and man-creation needs the dwarf 's wisdom . They join forces and join the circus.Baron Frankenstein educates the young , woman-creation with the hope of making her his bride in years to come ; but she has a mind of her own.Filmed on location in a castle and countryside of Europe . Beautiful music . Beautiful costumes and fanciful sets in the style of Hammer films.Well into the film ; you think there could not possibly be a good love-story here , but a good , love-story does surprisingly , emerge later , and a story of true friendship.Plenty of bad-guys to be overcome . I liked this movie more , because I watched it free on Hulu .
 One of the better serious , as opposed to comedy , Frankenstein story lines and it has a good ending . If you like any of the Frankenstein movies you are sure to enjoy this one over and over .
 Rock legend Sting -LRB- `` Dune '' -RRB- gives a superb performance as Baron Charles Frankenstein who brings a beautiful dead woman to life . Instead of allowing her to mate with his male creation , he decides that he must have her for his own . The enraged creature -LRB- Clancy Brown -RRB- destroys the tower laboratory and flees . What follows is a touching , warm-hearted relationship between him and Rinaldo , a midget -LRB- David Rappaport -RRB- he rescues from children who are teasing him . The two misfits develop a close friendship and decide to travel to Budapest to join the circus . Rinaldo gives his friend the name of Viktor . Meanwhile , Baron Frankenstein names his female creation Eva -LRB- the gorgeous Jennifer Beals of `` Flashdance '' fame -RRB- . Refusing to believe she was simply found in the woods , Eva becomes increasing more agitated as she searches for her true identity . Somehow , she shares a psychic bond with Viktor . They can feel each other 's pain . `` The Bride '' is a beautifully photographed gothic film with lush settings and costumes and a great musical score composed and directed by Maurice Jarre . It deals primarily with the strong bond of everlasting friendship . Also , it emphasizes the timeless theme found in `` Beauty and the Beast '' - true beauty comes from within . You can be hideously scarred on the outside and still have a beautiful heart . This version of Frankenstein has one of the most happiest endings I have ever seen . Baron Frankenstein , as usual , is greedy and selfish and it was fun to watch him receive his just reward . However , those he has harmed escape his evil clutches and are given a chance to make their dreams come true . `` The Bride '' is highly recommended for those , like me , who enjoy gothic horror , especially when it has a strong element of romance .
 I was 8 when I saw this for the first time . Of course being a kid some parts frightened me but I also laughed at certain parts when Viktor and Rinaldo were unknowingly getting into trouble . Since I was a kid I did n't pay much attention to the story , just the adventure . As I grew older I became more attached to the characters and their situations . To this day Rinaldo 's death is the most heartbreaking and dramatic scene I 've ever seen on film . You ca n't help but to think about someone close in your own life that you 've lost when seeing this part . Oscar nods should have been made to David Rappaport and Clancy Brown based on this scene alone . In the end , Viktor does become `` human '' and redeems himself and his bride . The final battle between Vikor and Dr. Frankenstein then the fairy tale ending make this a film with a healthy dose of action , adventure , sadness and romance . A great film film overall .
 THE ORIGINAL FRANKENSTEIN SHOULD OF LOOKED SO GOOD . GO STING . THE DOCTORS MAKE A BRIDE FOR FRANKENSTEIN . BUT THEN BECASUE SHE IS SO BEAUTIFUL , AND THE PERFECT WOMAN , THEY DO NOT GIVE HER TO HIM . DR. fRANKENSTEIN WANTS HER FOR HIMSELF . THIS CAUSED ALL SORTS OF PROBLEMS/ANGER FOR THE BIG , UGLY FRANKENSTEIN . DR. FRANKENSTEIN LIVES TO REGRET BUILDING THE PERFECT WOMEN . JM
 Being interested in Sting , I purchased this movie from 1985 . He plays Baron Frankenstein - a cold calculating scientist . The movie has different aspects - the story of Charles Frankenstein and the Bride he creates for his `` monster '' - and the monster Victor on his travels with Rinaldo , gaining wisdom and insights . I think it is a well balanced movie ; well produced ; well acted . Sting is good at playing cold and demanding .
 By far , one of my favorite shows on T.V. Phil Davis is a definite stand-out in the series as well as Penry-Jones . Well written and always fascinating . Highly recommended !
 As a fan of British mysteries , both written and on TV , I also enjoy a finding a new one . I remember when WHitechapelfirst came on BBCAmerica , I taped the first one , I think , and then forgot the others , so I never got back to it . Loved beingabout to view the whole series , courtesy of Amazon Prime . I find so many videos available on Prime , am really enjoying it .
 A well crafted series that keeps getting better and better . I continue to watch BBC series as all of them are done to perfection . I give it a 5 star and would recommend them to anyone .
 Love Rupert Penry Jones . Can not wait to see how they develop his character in the next series ... please tell me there will be a next series ...
 This is a very well done program in the finest tradition of Masterpiece Thearte . A great find and absorbing theatre .
 I 'm turning into something of an Anglophile when it comes to television . With amazon prime , I have access to shows like MI-5 , Luther , and this one . Excellent writing , great cast and acting . Fun and fascinating story lines . Ca n't wait for the new season coming out in 2013 .
 At first it was clumsy/rocky like it should be . Then a gradual coming together of characters , and plot that was seamless . You suddenly become engrossed in the story , and characters , as you should be . Absolutely great twisting cliffhanger to the last frame . Great .
 I enjoyed Whitechapel . Always like Brit cop shows.This one was well cast , historically intriguing , and really used a contemporary London setting.No loose ends or unanswered questions .
 This puts US Detective shows to shame - the only show to match it would be BONES - the only one they have ruined yet like they destroyed NCIS with all different &#34; locales &#34; ... who cares ... give me a foggy street in London anyday .
 Entertaining and but a bit predictable . I would watch a second season , the show had some good characters and character development .
 I loved this series . I would call it `` well-crafted '' . The three episode length was a perfect fit for the drama/suspense . If you 're a fan of Spooks , you will enjoy seeing Rupert PJ in a much more vulnerable role , and of course when he 's with Phil Davis -LRB- who must be 2 feet shorter than RPJ -RRB- there is that true partner tension . Some of these hallmarks are cliche in TV , but here they work together really well.If you like good old fashioned suspense thrillers , you 'll probably enjoy curling up with the lights out for this one . I could n't wait to watch the next episode .
 I am a HUGE HUGE fan of BBC programming and this show did not let me down . As an American who appreciates quality , intelligent shows/programs , I am really partial to the programming on BBC . Not everything - but 80 percent of it -LRB- I have seen A TON of shows -RRB- is down right brillant . This show is really well done and well acted . I am a great lover of mystery and suspense with the sprinklings of the criminal element . The acting , the writing and the story development is well executed . If you are a fan of the mystery of Jack the Ripper coupled with the solid acting then this is your show . BBC once again proves its mastery !!!!!
 well paced , well written , well dressed ... interesting characters . My only complaint is that there are only these three episodes available right now . Hopefully we will get season 2 on Amazon
 History 's enduring fascination with the gruesome crimes of Jack The Ripper continues unabated with yet another example of popular fiction being inspired by the legendary murderer . Truthfully , I have read enough books , seen enough television , and watched enough movies that cast Jack The Ripper into a central role that I feel like he 's an old friend -- albeit one I would n't want to invite home to dinner . So wearily and warily , I sat down to ITV 's three part suspenser `` Whitechapel
 The entire first season is excellent . Exactly what I had hoped . This is to American detective dramas what All Creatures Great and Small was to American Medical dramas . It feels like a real investigation by people who live in real life instead of an over-acted , over technical mess like CSI . CSI is not how crimes get solved . This show shows how difficult crimes are solved . Granted , most crimes are not this complex , but it is how they would be solved!I have high hopes that this will turn into another great series of interesting crimes battled by this team of detectives . Great stuff !
 I agree with the other reviewers of this series - excellent storyline , character interaction and development and acting . Of course , it features several of my favorite Brit actors , so that was no surprise . It definitely lived up to the high standards BBC has set for TV series . I ca n't wait for the next series -LRB- out Oct of last year -RRB- , as I am a real murder mystery aficionado .
 THIS 3 PART TALE OF A MODERN DAY `` JACK THE RIPPER '' IN LONDON IS A MASTERFUL , INTENSE VERSION . THE ACTING IS TOP-NOTCH AND IT KEEPS YOU IN SUSPENSE ALL THE WAY .
 I am a fan of all things BBC and this series has me standing up and cheering ! If only American TV was this polished , entertaining , and slick . The characters are good , the acting is great , the program is one you just can not miss ! Do yourself a favor and see this series !!! If you love Inspector Morse , Inspector Frost , Inspector Lewis , then this is for you !
 As the topic suggests , this series has a very gritty feel to it . The murders are gory in their description , although in most of the episodes , they are n't overly graphic . I watch it for the plot and the characters who are very interesting in themselves .
 This series kept popping up as a show that is similar Luther and Sherlock and I ignored it for quite sometime . This weekend I found out what I had been missing ! I do n't really know why this series does n't have more reviews because its brilliant ! Dark , yet very funny ! The dynamic between DI Chandler , Edward Buchan , and DS Miles is genius and having seen the second series it only gets better ! Do n't hesitate to give Whitechapel a go , you wo n't be disappointed !
 Required words to allow for a simple rating to be added hence the words that follow are to allow for posting
 A police procedural with all the trimmings ; good casting , interesting story , just enough inner tensionbetween the players to keep you involved . Really well-acted to boot .
 My husband and I really like this show , not the norm of most of the shows being showed on tv nowadays . Great acting , excellent story line , and it can keep you guessing , also a little humor . Highly recommend this show
 Quiet , dark , thoughtful and intelligent . This show is really good . The characters are so complex and fit together like puzzle pieces . The only problem with this show is that the seasons are only a few episodes long .
 I found this to be very engaging , well done , well acted , suspenseful and good drama . The characters are real people and not super-cops who never make a mistake .
 I chose this rating because there were things I really liked about this show and one in particular I did n't like which is why I could n't go the full five stars on it . The fast zig zaggy photography I found to be annoying , literally made me sick , and I found distracting and took away from the story . I think I understand the reason they used it -LRB- simulate the killer 's perspective -RRB- from it took from the story and added nothing to do , for me anyways.I found the characters , their relationships and the building of these over the three shows to be believable and added to the show 's procedural format . The acting was very good on the part of the main characters and the counter-balance between the lead DCI and his foil was great . I would recommend this show to anyone who likes BBC police mysteries , e.g. Luter , Prime Suspects , DCI Banks , etc. ,
 I am giving this show 5 stars because I was hooked after the first episode . The story line is captivating , the charactors are interesting and it keeps you on the edge of your seat . The only BBC America show I have ever watched was Primevil , which was also really good.Seasons 1 and 2 are only 3 episodes long , which I wanted more of . Season 3 has 6 episodes which is much better . It 's one of those shows that you want to watch over . It 's pretty fast paced and you can easily miss things . I watched the first episode through Amazon Instant Video and ended up watching Season 1 , 2 and 3 over one weekend . It 's that good .
 Well done police procedural . Good story and character development . Intelligently written . I found the scene transitions distracting and annoying . Perhaps &#34; Jack &#34; will kill the scene editor next season .
 Very inventive scripting with lots of interesting twists and turns . The cast is excellent and never fails to entertain with their abilities .
 Yes , it 's formulaic , but what I really enjoyed the most was the tension between DI Chandler and Investigator Miles and his crew . The constant sparring and downright hostility that evolved into begrudging respect was wonderful to watch .
 New and interesting take on the Ripper . Enjoyed it very much and ca n't wait for the other seasons to be available !!!
 As with most British television , Whitechapel is excellent - beyond American programming . The concept is intriguing , the characters are engaging , and the acting is superb .
 I purchased this show thinking it was something else and I 'm glad I made the mistake ! I ended up buying the remaining episodes and powering through them over the course of a weekend . It 's a great murder mystery and that manages to get a bit creepy at times . If you enjoy watching British television , this is a must see . Spend the $ 1.99 . If you like it , purchase the season .
 Anyone who likes good television and has even a passing interest in Jack the Ripper should check this show out .
 I enjoy a good English detective story with all the nuances of social class and eccentric down to earth detectives combined with creative plots . I thoroughly enjoyed this series . I just with season two was available .
 First , I 've only seen the first three episodes available here on Amazon Instant Video . Second , I watched this show with my Mom who has actually taken the Jack the Ripper tour in England . She kept commenting `` been there '' and `` that 's exactly how it looks '' . She also informed me that you can only take the tour at night.The cinematography works well with the gruesomeness of the story and I was pleasantly surprised that I did n't figure out who `` jack '' was before he was discovered in the script . The story is well written with many interesting `` Ripper '' facts and theories worked into the plot . The characters are well acted and their stories add more to the show 's plotline . The downside is that only the first three episodes are available on Amazon and after they are over you want more . These episodes are the entire plot for the `` Ripper '' case so your not left hanging . However , I want to see the rest of the episodes and see how the characters play out . An internet search did tell me that iTV continued the series after BBC . Hopefully the next episodes will be available soon .
 I slept with the light on for weeks after watching the first episode . The show is exactly as described . Imagine my joy when I watched a show that exceeded my expectations for quality and casting . This program is fantastic .
 History 's enduring fascination with the gruesome crimes of Jack The Ripper continues unabated with yet another example of popular fiction being inspired by the legendary murderer . Truthfully , I have read enough books , seen enough television , and watched enough movies that cast Jack The Ripper into a central role that I feel like he 's an old friend -- albeit one I would n't want to invite home to dinner . So wearily and warily , I sat down to ITV 's three part suspenser `` Whitechapel
 I caught some of this on BBC America and was hoping they would carry the whole season . I only saw the first session . Gald to find it on DVD unedited as well . The quality of the disc is good with HDMI as is the sound 5.1 . Very good show and hope that season II is as good .
 Rupert Penry-Jones plays DI Joseph Chandler , who is on the fast track and is being groomed for the HQ . As part of this training , he is expected to pay his dues with a brief stint as a DI on a case that initially appears to be open and shut . The DI finds himself in unfamiliar territory and is looked upon with derision by the cynical DS Ray Miles -LRB- Phil Davis -RRB- and the other members of the team . The series is broken up into three episodes and each episode sees the team puzzling out the case which gets even more complicated when the team realizes that this is indeed a copycat killing of the Jack the Ripper murders , which means more victims will be targeted soon enough.Over the course of the three episodes , DS Miles and the other team members come to a grudging acceptance of DI Chandler and even accord him some measure of respect especially when his hunches prove true . Chandler is also assisted during the course of the investigation by a self-avowed Ripperologist Edward Buchan -LRB- Steve Pemberton -RRB- who prides himself on his vast knowledge about the Ripper murders and delights in the macabre Ripper tours he conducts in London 's Whitechapel district.The show 's appeal partly lies in the plausible interweaving of the past events and the parallels with the present-day crimes . Then there 's the all-consuming question of the modern Ripper 's identity - will reading about the past crimes yield any clues at all about the present-day murderer 's identity ? There 's a sense of suspense throughout and the viewer is left puzzling out the case along with Chandler and his team and trying to unmask the killer . The sense of menace is palpable throughout as viewers get a view of some of the gory details of the past crimes and present . Recommended for fans of atmospheric and suspenseful crime dramas .
 I was busy perusing for another good British mystery when I ran across Whitechapel . What a pleasant surprise ! Well written characters , interesting story line and nicely surprising outcome . Give us more !!
 I was n't sure what to expect from this series , but I was specifically in the mood for British crime drama . What I found was great performances and crackling dialogue . The mystery itself is compelling - someone in modern day London is copying Jack the Ripper 's killings . What really makes this series great , though , is the relationships that develop between the characters , who are very well-rounded , real people . Even the minor characters seem like real human beings . The rapport between Chandler -LRB- Rupert Penry-Jones -RRB- and Miles -LRB- Phil Davis -RRB- is hard won but well worth it , as their interactions are both humorous and sometimes very moving . The series is actually very dark , but has moments of hilarity where the drama and tension lighten and this gives it good balance . Once the -LRB- only three ! -RRB- episodes were finished , I was delighted to find that there were an additional two seasons to enjoy . Highly recommended .
 I have been a fan of Rupert Penry-Jones since watching his performance in Persuasion where he played the dashing Captain Frederick Wentworth . In Whitechapel though , Penry-Jones finds himself playing a very different role indeed . He is still dashing , and smartly-dressed in Savile Row suits , but his rank as a newly-minted DI on the fast track inadvertently places him on a case that turns out to be a serial murder mimicking the gruesome crimes of Jack the Ripper.DI Joseph Chandler is being groomed for the HQ and as part of this training , is expected to pay his dues with a brief stint as a DI on a case that initially appears to be open and shut . The DI finds himself in unfamiliar territory and is looked upon with derision by the cynical DS Ray Miles -LRB- Phil Davis -RRB- and the other members of the team . The series is broken up into three episodes and each episode sees the team puzzling out the case which gets even more complicated when the team realizes that this is indeed a copycat killing of the Jack the Ripper murders , which means more victims will be targeted soon enough.Over the course of the three episodes , DS Miles and the other team members come to a grudging acceptance of DI Chandler and even accord him some measure of respect especially when his hunches prove true . Chandler is also assisted during the course of the investigation by a self-avowed Ripperologist Edward Buchan -LRB- Steve Pemberton -RRB- who prides himself on his vast knowledge about the Ripper murders and delights in the macabre Ripper tours he conducts in London 's Whitechapel district.The show 's appeal partly lies in the plausible interweaving of the past events and the parallels with the present-day crimes . Then there 's the all-consuming question of the modern Ripper 's identity - will reading about the past crimes yield any clues at all about the present-day murderer 's identity ? There 's a sense of suspense throughout and the viewer is left puzzling out the case along with Chandler and his team and trying to unmask the killer . The sense of menace is palpable throughout as viewers get a view of some of the gory details of the past crimes and present . Recommended for fans of atmospheric and suspenseful crime dramas .
 Best crime drama on tv . Whitechapel has so many lengends of ghosts murderes and other strange things.just finished watching series three . which is a hell of a lot darker and disturbing . should reaily have been put on later than nine oclock .
 I loved it . I was twisetd and turned every week . The cinematography is gritty , the history and supporting cast really make you hang on every nuance .
 I agree with the other reviewers of this series - excellent storyline , character interaction and development and acting . Of course , it features several of my favorite Brit actors , so that was no surprise . It definitely lived up to the high standards BBC has set for TV series . I ca n't wait for the next series -LRB- out Oct of last year -RRB- , as I am a real murder mystery aficionado .
 BBC again offers quality of quantity and this 3 part series engages the viewers with a modern copycat Jack the Ripper on the loose in modern Whitechapel . Fastidious acting by Steve Pemberton from The League of Gentlemen and a very capable cast make up the rest of a well layered piece of TV crime drama . The cinematography and storyline will keep you held rapt until the end of Season 1 . The video glitches a bit but use your Amazon DL video credit and you wo n't feel so bad .
 I ca n't believe I had never heard of this series before I found it on Amazon Prime . Great pacing , interesting characters , and wonderfully atmospheric . My only complaint is the lack of female characters-would it kill them to have woman on the team ? -LRB- The doctor is nice , but not around enough -RRB- .
 Another great BBC production well written and acting very real great mystery enjoyed it and recommend all available of this series .
 This is an excellent protrayal of a modern day copy cat Jack The Ripper villian . Very suspenseful with excellent actors and nail biting plot . I am not a big Jack the Ripper fan but this is a very absorbing murder mystery . I was so anxious to see how it ended I watched all three episodes in one afternoon non stop . I also have series 2 -LRB- Region 2 DVD -RRB- which I think will be just as suspenseful as the first series . Highly recommended .
 I have been a fan of Rupert Penry-Jones since watching his performance inPersuasionwhere he played the dashing Captain Frederick Wentworth . In Whitechapel though , Penry-Jones finds himself playing a very different role indeed . He is still dashing , and smartly-dressed in Savile Row suits , but his rank as a newly-minted DI on the fast track inadvertently places him on a case that turns out to be a serial murder mimicking the gruesome crimes of Jack the Ripper.DI Joseph Chandler is being groomed for the HQ and as part of this training , is expected to pay his dues with a brief stint as a DI on a case that initially appears to be open and shut . The DI finds himself in unfamiliar territory and is looked upon with derision by the cynical DS Ray Miles -LRB- Phil Davis -RRB- and the other members of the team . The series is broken up into three episodes and each episode sees the team puzzling out the case which gets even more complicated when the team realizes that this is indeed a copycat killing of the Jack the Ripper murders , which means more victims will be targeted soon enough.Over the course of the three episodes , DS Miles and the other team members come to a grudging acceptance of DI Chandler and even accord him some measure of respect especially when his hunches prove true . Chandler is also assisted during the course of the investigation by a self-avowed Ripperologist Edward Buchan -LRB- Steve Pemberton -RRB- who prides himself on his vast knowledge about the Ripper murders and delights in the macabre Ripper tours he conducts in London 's Whitechapel district.The show 's appeal partly lies in the plausible interweaving of the past events and the parallels with the present-day crimes . Then there 's the all-consuming question of the modern Ripper 's identity - will reading about the past crimes yield any clues at all about the present-day murderer 's identity ? There 's a sense of suspense throughout and the viewer is left puzzling out the case along with Chandler and his team and trying to unmask the killer . The sense of menace is palpable throughout as viewers get a view of some of the gory details of the past crimes and present . Recommended for fans of atmospheric and suspenseful crime dramas .
 One of the best mystery series out of the UK . Excellent acting and the show grips you from the start.Based on a modern day Jack the Ripper copycat and totally enthralling .
 As a mystery fan , I really liked this miniseries . Well played and developed characters -LRB- main character played by former MI5 actor - very well done , with other well known British actors -RRB- , kept one guessing to the end , intense high action sequences , rooting for the underdog . A bit graphic -LRB- bodies -RRB- for the `` queasier '' viewer - but you pretty much know when they will appear , so you can avoid looking .
 I caught this on iTunes a few years ago and was enthralled . Rupert Penry-Jones is awesome as always . I love British detective stories and this was a wonderful take on the old detective story .
 Okay , so the first `` season '' , the three episodes focusing on Jack the Ripper , is very good . Very intriguing , well acted and scripted . Just when you think there can be no new take on JTR , leave it to these guys to make something new and enthralling . I ca n't add much to what has been said here , I really enjoyed this show and it deserves the 4 star and 5 star ratings it has . My rating is for this first season only.The subsequent `` seasons '' of which I believe their are 2 or 3 were pure garbage . Overacting , ludicrous story lines , implausible situations . It 's like some yahoos bought the rights after the first season and hired some teenage creative writing students to do the subsequent seasons . There are some interesting horror-artsy cut scenes played over and over but overall , it 's crap . I watched them all to see if the magic of the first would come back . It never did . 1 star for the rest of the seasons .
 Each season is based on homicides that co-incide with historical homicides , in some way . I like the character development throughout the seasons .
 This is a solid series . Decent character development of the main character and the Sargent . Looking forward to watching Season 2 .
 Love it . Apparently , my BBC channel does n't get near as many excellent British dramas as they should . Amazon Prime rocks .
 I love British crime drama and this one does not disappoint . A little gruesome but not any worse than the CSI shows . I wish there were more women on the show -LRB- besides the ones getting killed -RRB- and more minorities but other than that , it 's quite entertaining .
 I thought this was a well-written , well - acted series.The plots were intriguing.This was recommended to me by Amazon but I kept ignoring it . Now I ca n't wait to start season two.I will recommend this to my friends and family .
 Jack the Ripper spin-offs seem to never go out of style . This one has a very good cast as well as the age-old conflict between the up-and-coming well-educated policeman who is anxious to prove himself and his rough and surly underlings - old hands at solving crimes and filled with disdain for their new leader . It has moments of gore , so be warned.Perhaps my only criticism is that when you stream this , you ca n't get subtitles - which I desperately need when I 'm watching British tv series or movies where many of the characters are not graduates of English public schools .
 I just tried this because it sounded interesting and I liked it . I will definitely be watching season II . I enjoyed seeing the characters evolve .
 If you like murder solving cop shows then this is a show for you . Plus it 's from England what more could you want .
 Republic Pictures present `` SOUTHWARD HO ! '' -LRB- 19 March 1939 -RRB- -LRB- 65 mins/B & W ;-RRB- -LRB- Fully Restored/Dolby Digitally Remastered -RRB- -- Roy Rogers -LRB- born Leonard Slye -RRB- moved to California in 1930 , aged 18 -- played in such musical groups as The Hollywood Hillbillies , Rocky Mountaineers , Texas Outlaws and his own group , the International Cowboys -- In 1934 he formed a group with Bob Nolan and Tim Spencer called `` Sons of the Pioneers '' -- While in that group he was known as Leonard Slye , then Dick Weston and finally Roy Rogers -- Their songs included `` Cool Water '' and `` Tumbling Tumbleweeds '' -- They first appeared in the western `` Rhythm on the Range '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , starring Bing Crosby -- In 1937 Roy went solo and made his first starring film in 1938 , `` Under Western Stars '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- -- He made almost 100 films -- then came television , `` The Roy Rogers Show '' -LRB- 1951 -RRB- ran on CBS from October 1951 through September 1964 . Under Joseph Kane -LRB- Director / Producer -RRB- , Gerald Geraghty -LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- , Jack Natteford -LRB- Short Story Author -RRB- , John Rathmell -LRB- Short Story Author -RRB- , Jack A. Marta -LRB- Cinematographer -RRB- , Cy Feuer -LRB- Musical Direction/Supervision -RRB- , Les Orlebeck -LRB- Editor -RRB- - - - - - - Our story line and plot , the teaming of Roy and Gabby was a stroke of luck for both actors careers -- returning to Texas after the Civil War two Confederate soldiers Roy and Gabby find there are outlaws robbing and cheating the Texans -- a Union Colonel Denbigh -LRB- Wade Boteler -RRB- is in command and fair , but Captain Jeffries -LRB- Arthur Loft -RRB- is responsible for all the trouble they 've been having -- can Roy discover the man who is head of the gang before another wartime encounter -- Roy 's new sidekick George `` Gabby '' Hayes association would last until 1946 with some of the best oaters ever to come out of Republic Studios -- some wonderful tunes , `` Headin ' for Texas and Home '' , `` Hope I 'm Not Dreaming Again '' and `` Keep Awalking the Other Way '' . the cast includesRoy Rogers ... Roy RogersTrigger ... Trigger , Roy 's HorseLynne Roberts ... Ellen Denbigh -LRB- as Mary Hart -RRB- George ` Gabby ' Hayes ... Gabby WhitakerWade Boteler ... Colonel DenbighArthur Loft ... Captain JeffriesLane Chandler ... Jim CrawfordTom London ... Union sergeantCharles R. Moore ... Skeeter -LRB- as Charles Moore -RRB- Ed Brady ... Mears -LRB- as Edwin Brady -RRB- Bob Burns ... Rancher who has watch takenFred Burns ... DoctorGeorge Chesebro ... TownsmanSpade Cooley ... Fiddle playerArt Dillard ... Union soldierEarl Dwire ... Wounded storekeeperFrank Ellis ... Jones -LRB- Union soldier -RRB- Jack Ingram ... Union sergeantGeorge MontgomeryBob Woodward ... Gun GuardBIOS :1 . Roy Rogers -LRB- aka
 Southward Ho ! , 1934 filmThe film shows soldiers roasting a chicken . They chase a dispatch rider , and lost the chicken . The comic scene is followed by a song . The war is over , so its back to Texas for inherited property . Why is the ranch losing money ? Who is the co-owner ? Can they cooperate ? `` You 're dern tootin ' . '' The Colonel was appointed Military Governor of the district , he will maintain law and order . What kind of troops will he get ? Tax collection is needed to run the government . The troops must act properly . No receipt ? There is drama in seizing property for taxes . Can they organize a resistance ? `` They went that way . '' The search continues for the girl . Roy sings another song for entertainment.The Colonel and his men find the cabin . Ellen ca n't tell . Threats are exchanged . Roy tells Denby the truth . Will there be a duel ? -LSB- There is comic treatment of a gunfight , a parody of some other westerns . -RSB- Is there a lone gunman with a rifle ? The military will confiscate arms -LRB- for easier oppression of the people -RRB- . Will taxation be halted until the investigation ? The unarmed people are easy prey for Jeffries ' men . Public meetings are banned . There is another song . There is a plot to recover their arms , it works . The people defend themselves against their oppressors . There will be a happy ending for Ellen and Roy.There is a political lesson in this western about authority , freedom , and the right to keep and bear arms . After the Great Cowboy Strike of 1883 the Big Landowners sought gun control to oppress their hired hands . This is not in schoolbook textbooks .
 Roy Rogers - my family now has all the Roy Rogers videos , DVD , etc. . It will be cherished for decades to come
 one of the best series i have wacthEd ENOUGH ALREADY NNN NNN NNN NNN NNN NNN NNN NNN NNN NNN
 If you liked DEADWOOD , you will love this one ; a blend of cop-mystery and historic period themes with a crisp and intelligent script .
 I guess we do n't have a monopoly on violence these days , if this series is any guide . But the history is interesting , the storylines engaging , and the camera work fresh . I started the series because of BBC in general and Tom Weston-Jones in particular -LRB- so good in `` World Without End '' -RRB- . It was like a good book I could n't put down . There are no angels here -LRB- except for a deceased child who appears to her father when he is drugged up -RRB- . The flawed and all-too-human characters give the excellent ensemble cast plenty to do , and you will keep watching to see if any of them can redeem themselves .
 This is a fascinating , exciting , fresh and engrossing series !! Superbly acted and beautifully produced . The set details are amazing and the storylines grab you right from the beginning . I could n't stop watching it . The evocative , deeply emotional relationships between the 3 main characters
 Great cast , great writers , ca n't wait for season 2 to start . Sets , clothes , hairstyles , language as close to 1864 New York as possible . Historical references appropriate .
 well acted , photographed , and scripted.the characters are well drawn , the setting realistic , high production values , and just plain fun .
 This is a great new series with laughable moments , but historic accuracies with things like gangs and limited , corrupted law all the way to stealing elections . Love this show .
 This was my first introduction to these episodes I must say i 'm looking forward to the second season if it exists.The product shipped fast and was packaged well Thank You I do n't watch much television but i 'm enjoying these episodes .
 Very gritty , seems like everybody is into morphine , money , child trafficking , lyinching or murdering . Hard to know who the goood guys are . They dont use the same methods that are used now . Acted well , produced well . Nice to have a BBC production where you can understand what everybody is saying . The good guy does some bad things but times were hard durning and after the civil war . If they make a second season I will be watching that too .
 This is a spectacular series that is set in New York City in 1864 . Copper is Kevin Corcoran who a tough Irish cop trying to do a good job at controlling the crime , murders and other criminal acts taking place in his beat . Sometimes he has to take the entire legal system in his own hands as the rich seem to be untouchable by the law . Kevin -LRB- Tom Weston-Jones -RRB- goes far beyond the job and he uses advanced forensic principles with the help of a black doctor Matthew Freeman -LRB- Ato Essandoh -RRB- . Kevin always tries to find the guilty party and protect the innocent . He is grief stricken that his daughter was murdered and his wife is missing . He still searches for evidence every day in the hopes to find his wife and seek vengeance on the murderer of his daughter ... The acting in the movie is simply outstanding and this series rivals the best that I have ever seen . The topics can be very blunt and brutal at times and that may offend some people . Child prostitution , murder , violence and other crimes are openly presented in the series . It presents what the director and the story writers believe to be a real world picture of the big city in that time period.The series clearly and openly shows the games of the wealthy New Yorkers and their plans for the city and the problems of the immigrants and the black population . Racism was rampant and all races are considered inferior . The Civil War is winding down and the rich are preparing to reap the benefits of a booming New York expansion and they will take care of anyone who gets in their way.The series is directed and produced at the highest levels and I loved the roles of Kevin -LRB- Tom Weston-Jones -RRB- and Matthew Freeman -LRB- Ato Essandoh -RRB- the friendship and tension between the two is electric at times . Robert Morehouse -LRB- Kyle Schmid -RRB- plays a rich young man whose father wants to take over the city . Robert , Matthew and Kyle are friends from the civil war where they fought together.Excellent story , it is brash and open in its depiction of the crimes and racism that existed at that time . It is a 5 star series and well worth the time to watch it . My wife and I liked it a lot and I recommend it to you . Just be aware that it covers some very difficult topics that may shock or offend you.I was provided with a copy of the DVD and asked only to give a fair and honest review .
 One of the most ambitious new shows to be produced by the BBC is actually set on American soil . What 's up with that ? And `` Copper '' arrives with one of the season 's most impressive pedigrees ! Oscar winner Barry Levinson -LRB- 6 total nominations with `` Rain Man '' earning him a Best Director prize -RRB- and Tom Fontana -LRB- 3 Emmy wins for writing on `` St. Elsewhere '' and `` Homicide
 NO SPOILERS : As K. Harris did the heavy lifting . I can provide a more granular viewpoint re
 Set in the gritty Five Points area of New York during the Civil War , Copper follows Det.Kevin Corcoran , an Irish American ` copper ' , as he solves crimes with nothing more than guts , brains and the clumsy tools of the day . Set against the backdrop of his own missing wife and murdered daughter , it 's a dark and foreboding angst-fest for all . Corcoran 's urge to champion every underdog continually undermines his career , and he has as many enemies on the police force as he does friends in the filthy underground he polices . Some people may be surprised or offended at some things depicted in this show - including a child prostitute ` married ' at the age of ten against her will , and later imprisoned in a brothel to serve a ` certain kind of gentleman ' . Child actress Kiara Glasco plays Annie Reilly , the child prostitute , and her performance is simultaneously electrifying and disturbing . Even seeing a child her age uttering the lines she 's given in the show is enough to sometimes turn the stomach - which is likely the point . If Kiara Glasco is electrifying , then Tom Weston-Jones ' performance can only be described as one that captures the screen and the imagination entirely . His face is one of those that can be angelic or brutish , depending on angle , and its chameleon quality is used to full effect here . One never knows from one scene to the next or even one line to the next which side of Kevin Corcoran we 're about to see . The writing so far is top notch , though the third episode was n't quite as startling as the first two . The production quality is top notch - so much so that this show must cost an enormous amount to produce . That in mind , if you are interested in dark drama , late Victorian New York City or just good television - watch this and keep them in business . It 's one of the best of it 's kind to come along in a very long time .
 This series is so much fun to watch . It keep you guessing . The cast and scripts are great . I ca n't wait for Season 2 !
 What a sleeper for a series . We found this by accident , and its great ! Do n't recognize the actors , but they are awesome . The plot , story line is well done . Highly recommend !
 I am not sure how much research went into this project or how realistic it is . I am sure the result is hugely entertaining.Great sets , costumes and , overall , persuasive acting . I agree with the comment that the writing could be sharper and Corky 's Irish accent is a little off , but Copper 's head on confrontation with the harsh , often desperate , poverty endured by the immigrants , and characters who are flawed , complex people who feel real , pulled me in . I did n't feel the plot was unfocused -- I particularly like the abrupt transitions from violence to tenderness and vice versa . And the mystery of Corky 's lost family helped tie in several subplots , including an abortionist 's murder and a child prostitute 's precocious love for Corky.Overall , I give this a big recommend . Every episode unveiled -LRB- sometimes unnerving -RRB- surprises , and I could n't take my eyes off the screen .
 Great new series from BBC . I 'm glad someone decided to finally make a show about post-Civil War America-this set in New York City ... fantastic period and location for good drama .
 The dialogue is well-written in an underused period and setting . The actors do a great job and each episode is stand alone while also providing elements of a long term ordeal .
 I had not heard much about this show and happened upon a trailer on youtube . I decided to give it a try and I am really glad I did . The show follows an Irish cop in 1864 New York . The acting and writing is really good . It is a fun twist on the morally ambiguous cop drama . The main character is really great and one of TV 's most likeable in my opinion . The show to me , also has a distinctive western feel perhaps just because of the time period . I have only watched the first two episodes , but ordered the rest and ca n't wait to finish ! I think fans of shows like Justified and The Shield may enjoy this as well . Great work on the part of BBC America for picking this up as their first original scripted drama .
 I have been very impressed by this series ! I live in rural Alaska and stream movies and TV shows for evening entertainment . This series not only continued the 5 Points scenario created by Daniel Day Lewis & Leonard DeCaprio , but actually taught me more history of this time period concerning the Civil War draft of the Irish , Southern arms coming from France , and of course the fragility of Lincoln 's presidency . Thank You ! It is a very interesting look into a not so long ago period of our country .
 just a new twist on entertainment . enjoyed the era replication and the ruthlessness of the officers of england . i guess back in the day they were allowed to carryy weapons .
 As a civil war historian I am well aware of the sanguinary conditions through out the country , especially in the south , during the Civil War . As well , the large cities in the north were sancturaries for poverty stricken areas divided by nationalities , ruled by gangs , corrupt police , and unethical politicians . New York City was the paramount of large northern cities . We can contemplate the draft riots , the murdering of large numbers of freedmen , the burning of an orphanage for black children , gangs fighting the military for control of the city.In the midst of this historical soup of humanity a Canadian company decides to produce a detective drama . The main character is an Irish detective working for the New York Police Department . It 's all here ; crime , poverty , corrupt police , dirty politicians , wealthy civilians , all from the pit of hell . Even the main character , who has heart , is n't someone you would like living next store to you . There is even a black man who has medical training , apparently obtained while in France , who the main character uses as a medical examiner -LRB- think murdoch or inspector lewis -RRB- . This is pretty far fetched considering the historical time element but it is intriguing and adds dimension to the story line.Everything is well done , the story line , photography , acting , however there is one element that I find disturbing , Violence . The violence is over the top , excessive . This is not something you would want sensitive people to watch . There are times I cringe and I am not a prude . There are also adult situations from time to time . Except for the violence this is an outstanding production . It will be interesting to see if a series two will be made .
 COPPER 12/25/12SAW A FEW EPISODES ON TELEVISION WANTED TO SEE THE COMPLETE SEASON VERY GOOD STORY AND EXCELLENT ACTING
 the only draw back to the show are the female characters . The only one that is interesting is Sarah . The rest are typical and dull .
 Interesting time in America 's history and New York 's history too ... and many , many of the men in the show are HOT !
 Excellent show.Surprise characters from actual American history ; ie , the Booth Brothers . Careful attention to detail.Very good acting . That about sums it up . I hope this show is around for a long time .
 Thank you , BBC for this series ! There have been two previous period series which have been so creatively done , with such a sense and feel of the time
 I missed this when it came out on TV but am really enjoying the series . The characters play their roles very well and the sets looks appropriate for the mid 1860 's when the series is based.I 'm using the Amazon on demand service and have n't had a glitch yet !
 Fast smooth delivery . The product is new and as advertised . I thought it was a great deal . I missed the show on TV and this was a great opportunity to catch up . The show is fantastic and I am glad I purchased this CD .
 I bought this series for my kids to watch over the holidays . I already watched the first season and I loved it . My kids are looking forward to seeing this series from BBC America . I was n't sure what to expect from BBC America but I was pleasantly surprised . I was also impressed by the sets and the costumes . I was afraid they would be cheap but I was wrong . I highly recommend .
 Such a great show . There are so many terrible shows on TV , it is so nice to finally get a good one . Thanks from all of us tired of `` reality '' TV .
 I missed this episode on BBC America and I 'm so glad I bought it ! This show keeps it coming with the twists and turns but has interesting ties to the era 's history . I 'm definitely a fan , and it 's not getting the attention it deserves !
 Copper has a great gritty realism that not everyone will like as it really does not pull a lot of punches , deal with heavy subjects and is not afraid to make you feel the pain from it . Each episode has gotten better and at this point im pretty hooked .
 great series about early New York City & the Coppers that protect it , during the Cival War.Very good picture when streaming
 To see such detail given for a TV time period piece is a delight . With only a preview to look at , I am intrigued . Looking forward to watching it in full glory .
 This is a hard show to watch . It examines the realities of Civil War era New York . From the eyes of a Copper we see murder , intrigue , and events that most wo n't mention in polite society -LRB- many sexual in nature -RRB- . Now not being a historian , I ca n't verify whether or not the history is accurate , but I can say that this show pulls you in . No matter how bad things seem to get , there is a certain amount of hope . Hard as it is to watch , this is a great detective drama .
 Best show I 've seen in a long time ! I LOVED Gangs of New York , so of you like that era , you 'll love this show . Having it on BBC is a BIG PLUS !
 I wanted to see this TV show since I first saw the previews back in July , 2012 . I missed the first month of the show , and was able to come to Amazon , and download the shows to my 47 '' Vizo TV . I love being able to do this with Amazon .
 This is a great series set in 1860 's New York at the time of the Civil War . The series centers on the character of an Irish immigrant policeman that has a fierce sense of what is right and wrong . It is full of intense scenes and captures the visceral sense of how violent and wild the country was at that time . It is a fabulous drama series that you do n't wo n't to miss ! BBC has outdone themselves !
 This is a great series set in 1860 's New York at the time of the Civil War . The series centers on the character of an Irish immigrant policeman that has a fierce sense of what is right and wrong . It is full of intense scenes and captures the visceral sense of how violent and wild the country was at that time . It is a fabulous drama series that you do n't wo n't to miss !
 I am an amateur historian . This series discusses a lot of the issues that I talk about and have done research on . I liked the handling of the black civil war doctor , the trauma of lynching that his wife had to live with and the dilemma of the women prostitutes . I also liked the way that the ugly sodidness of child prostitution was handled.This series dares to discuss the untold history of the United States during and after the Civil War . The history of Irish immigrants , Blacks , children and women . I learned a great deal and it gave me a thirst to explore my history even more.Finally , I enjoyed recommending this series to a few Professors that I know -- that know nothing about these topics . It 's great for me to discuss the topics in this series then refer them to the series . In my opinion the series is very well written and not trite at all .
 As well as entertaining , it is educational and an emotional roller coaster . The acting is superb as is the writing , directing and all other aspects of production . I WANT MORE!Thank you .
 What a great show . Even with some of the historical inaccuracies -LRB- I 'm very forgiving -RRB- , overall it is very well written and the characters actually have character ! The development over the episodes of each of the characters is quite impressive , and the mystery of the missing wife has enough intrigue to keep me enthralled .
 This was the episode that I first watched . Had to go back and start at the beginning . Now I 'm hooked on the series .
 Copper is great . Good mysteries , great characters , and an excellent 19th century setting all make Copper a great show . It has surprisingly good action for a historical fiction series . New York was a shockingly violent place back in 1865 , at least according to Copper ! If you liked Deadwood , you 'll like this .
 The development with Corcoran 's wife was certainly an interesting twist . I am very interested to see what happens next . This episode was better than the most recent three or so .
 Barbaric dentistry is the opening scene . Substance abuse . Realistic , cringe-worthy filth all around.A merry chase the coppers are led . Who murdered the two dead men ? Who baked the poison cake?In the background of the episode 's main case other clues are being dropped . Great chemistry between the actors . Sgt Burns is as despicable as ever , until he gets his just desserts.Mrs Haverford remains determined to be Annie 's savior , Annie 's making that amusingly hard , equally determined not to be saved . Annie assaults Elizabeth and flees to Eva . Eva consults with Corky , who asks her to return the child to Elizabeth 's home . By the time Annie is brought to the house Elizabeth has found where to send the troublesome child . Mr Reilly has managed to find his child bride again . This time he takes her away with him as she shrieks.Robert Morehouse goes ahead with the fight arranged between Jasper and the Irishman/future alderman . Dr Freeman begs Jasper not to fight , Uncle proves he is a rat through and through . The plan is for Jasper to throw the fight . If he does n't he risks a lynching . If he does Uncle gets well paid . Jasper does n't understand.The fight is bloody and brutal . The outcome fixed , inevitable . Jasper must flee the city for his own safety.The conclusion of the case is worth waiting for . And worth a laugh and a glass.Elizabeth and Corky share a drink to end a difficult day . Elizabeth lies to Corky about where she sent Annie . Hmmm . Then unable to help herself and maybe to appease his anger , kisses him . He does n't decline her invitation .
 A tragic episode about betrayal and unforgivable trespass . The clues have been strung masterfully along in perfectly timed doses to guide the viewer to the realization at the right moment.No one wins here . Corky loses the most , and asks for the most from those close to him . He is a juggernaut pointed at disaster without a way to turn aside.Corky is not the only one with trouble . Robert Morehouse is still tied into the rebel plot to destroy New York and Kennedy the confederate spy is pushing for a greater commitment and speed from him . Robert thinks he has the upper hand , but perhaps not . He proves to be unusually astute , hopefully he will be afforded time to save his father from ruin . During war time no one is allowed to be neutral . And certainly not to profit from both sides . To do so is called treason.Ellen is a waif-like addition who wrenches the heart . No , this ca n't end well . The actress is perhaps the least convincing of all so far . Even so , Corky carries the scenes with her as the story comes out.Mrs Haverford falls gently into the usual female need to be the center of attention at all times . She remains naive and sheltered , even as she feels herself a more liberated woman of the upper class . Robert tries to share his feelings for Corcoran , and Elizabeth does n't hear it , she needs Robert to accept that she too deserves to be trusted , her self absorption remains intact.Eva shows uncharacteristic sensitivity and loyalty.Corky refuses to listen to his Captain , he lays down the law as he sees it . Sullivan is humiliated , and Corky continues down his chosen path , undeterred.A momentary peace as we see the Freemans ' holiday meal being set . Sarah has opened up enough to express concern for Ellen Corcoran . The tranquility of the scene only emphasizes the true disaster of all rest.Annie is either recovering or she is plotting . There is no way to tell . Corky is coming to rely on her , it remains to be seen if that path will lead to a redemption or to further tragedy.Blackmail again raises its head . Plenty of pain to go around . There are , after all , lines Corky wo n't cross though he comes close , he is not a peaceful man , nor a man of peace . Over and over he resorts to violence . There is no gentleness left in him.It is all such a muddled mess . I can hardly wait for the next -LRB- last -RRB- episode of season 1 . I need to know how it ends . Not for the faint of heart , this entire season .
 This third episode deals with endemic prejudice and racism . It is multilayered , and frank . Definitely worth watching , yet very upsetting . The fear is palpable but not overplayed . Everyone is afraid to trust anyone else . The realism is truly disturbing as is the language.The episode opens with two men threatening to burn down the negro orphanage asylum , failing to do so only when Dr Freeman joins the Reverend facing the men down with a rifle or a shotgun . They flee still spewing threats.An Irishman is found hanged/lynched . Reverend Garland is accused of murdering the Irishman , and does n't say a word protesting his innocence when the police come to take him into custody , Kevin wants proof before he condemns the man , others are not so picky as we have seen in past episodes . Emotions run high as the reverend has many friends who believe in his goodness , as well as detractors who hate him for being black/colored and want him to face execution , accepting his guilt without question.Molly stumbles across the locket that Corky has been looking for at a pawnshop . She buys it and wears it openly . Eva sees it and confiscates it , swearing Molly to silence , there is a tension which does n't bode well . Annie has a larger role in this episode , making it pretty clear that she has staked her claim on Detective Corcoran , who willfully ignores the signs . Others are equally blind.There are more real estate shenanigans connected with the Morehouses . This time Francis is drawn into the scheme.More than any other series I am watching each exchange or conversation has a purpose and imparts information that will be connected to other strands of the web . This really is a show that lends itself to being viewed more than once.Slowly the identity of the true murderer is revealed . And it is a sad thing to discover . A woman who was driven to rage and without recourse , committed the murder . It is not forgivable , but it is easy to see why she killed . The knowledge of the guilty party does n't solve the problem of the accusation leveled at the reverend . A bitter truth.In order to save the reverend another obfuscation has to be arranged . Sadly a black man 's word wo n't be good enough , only the word of a white man is adequate . The Reverend Garland shows his faith in Corky , telling him he knows that he will not let an innocent man hang . Morehouse the younger takes up the clue Kevin drops and provides the alibi , proving that despite his liberal use of alcohol he is quick on the uptake . The police department is also in on making sure the case stays closed.Eva , Kevin 's romantic/sexual interest , investigates the locket and who pawned it , ending up discovering a murdered abortionist as she follows the trail . There is a moment where Kevin fears Eva might be pregnant , but she quickly disabuses him of that notion . I ca n't help but wonder if the moment will prove important at some later time.There is an air of seduction and sex throughout , as is true of every other episode . Some of it very troubling . Annie tries to seduce Kevin in one of the more disturbing , albeit brief scenes in the episode . Which considering the subject of the episode is saying a lot.I like the series more each time I watch it . It is intense , intellectual and earthy . The writing and acting is exemplary . The actors are attractive without being ridiculously so.I highly recommend this series .
 Copper is proving to be an exciting , intelligent , well thought out character study with humor . The reality of the show takes you back to 1864 .
 BBC outdid itself with this show , it is gritty , no holds barred , action and some comedy , can not wait for the Second Season to begin
 Ordered because it looked really interesting . I like CSI and like historical TV . Comes across as being very Deadwood with slightly less violence , sex and language . But can be graphic too -LRB- murder of a pedophile might be too much for the sensitive viewer -RRB- . Characters are not always good people -LRB- a man looking for his wife still sleeps with the local madam who has some serious &#34; territory &#34; issues ! -RRB- . However , they are always interesting and make you wonder what makes them tick . They are good TV/good story telling . The episode with who killed the local dentist had a wonderful twist ! Ends on a cliffhanger making you want to watch season 2 .
 Fast moving and excitjng , though it does not feel entirely unique . It seems like an episode of `` Gangs of New York . ''
 Life in the Five Points area of NYC in the 1860 's was harsh , as my own ancestors could have attested . Things were made worse by the low character of some of its residents , but there were also good people , like the main characters , who tried to do right , sometimes aided , and sometime impeded , by their social , but not always moral , &#34; betters . &#34; This show takes you right into the middle of it all -- and is definitely only for adults .
 It is an amazing series with great actors and well thought out time lines ! We just ca n't get enough of it !
 This drama has a western feel to it although it 's set in New York at the end of the Civil War . The main character an Irish-American detective called Kevin Corcoran -LRB- Tom Weston-Jones -RRB- crosses the line from lawman to criminal in almost every episode . His methods are often cruel but his resolve to bring criminals to justice is unwavering . Beneath his vicious persona , there beats a pure heart . One criticism I do have is that some of the forensic techniques used in the drama are probably a bit ahead of their time but they are entertaining to say the least .
 This was an enjoyable show that showed the grit of early America . I do n't think any of the major US networks would produce something like this and I recommend it .
 This is a great series . The cast , setting , costumes and story are first class . ca n't wait till the 2nd season comes out .
 This is old old fashioned police work . I 'm a big fan of police shows and detective shows in general , but this one is even better because the detectives actually detect instead of waiting for the lab results to come in and then going after someone like in CSI which is starting to wear on me . There are some old style police beatings too , so be prepared for them .
 I 'd never heard of this show , but when I saw a mention on a deal site about free episodes on Amazon , I thought I 'd check it out . Wow , what a pleasant surprise!If I had to describe the show , I would say it 's something like &#34; Hell on Wheels &#34; meets &#34; Boardwalk Empire &#34; , or as I told a friend , it 's sort of like &#34; Boardwalk Empire without indoor plumbing.The show is very well done , in terms of acting , script , directing , etc. . Quality-wise , it is on par with the top rated shows today , such as &#34; Boardwalk Empire &#34; , &#34; Homeland &#34; , &#34; Mad Men &#34; . This show is definitely worth a look . I 'm hooked and ca n't wait for the next season to start .
 Saw this show on BBC , ca n't wait for the rest of the series . Did not realize it was brand new , was trying to buy the series after watching just 2 shows . Has lots of action , great story lines , humanity and the main character is a real man who sees reality , deals with it with no apologies . If you like British TV shows this adaptation for the US is a must see . Its gritty and occasionally sexy but not enough to be overtly so , like the other series on US tv , exp
 I just came upon this show by chane . Thank god I did.I love it it 's the best show that has nothing supernatural in it . Its an historical pieace with the best part no vampires , wearwolfs , ghost , or witches ! Do n't get me wrong of like my Trueblood and all that like everyone eles , but I also love real plot thought invoking shows such as Cooper ! Also like Hell on Wheels and World without End . Thanks BBC for bringing us a breath of fresh air -LRB- well not so fresh seeing how the streets of NY stink -RRB- , but a great show that I hope comes back for more seasons.Copper
 The sneak peek was so outstanding that it made me hunger for more . It seemed to be very real , and also true to the time period .
 Each character was fairly gently touched this episode . There is no huge climax , no great and terrible denouement . Each scene progresses , a plot foiled , step by step questions are addressed , answered , or left deliberately unanswered , new ones posed.The characters have grown and changed , more interesting with each week.There is a current of tension , very subtle . More anger , regret , sadness , a depression of mood all the way to the very end . Calm before the storm if you will . Even the culmination of the confederate plot is not thrust violently on the viewer , rather it is extinguished like the pinching of a candle flame . The pieces carefully slot into place . Still , there are many twists , points not connected . Is it really the end?I was pleased to see Francis back . The pain he caused was not undone , his confession is urgent , Kevin has no absolution or forgiveness to grant . Things are not finished between the lifelong friends yet . Is there any sweetness remaining ? What the new season brings ... I am happy to discover that there will be a season 2 . The feel of the entire episode is ... of bated breath . Nothing is quite done yet . I will definitely tune in for next year . The series has been a rare treat to watch , and better with repeated viewing .
 The BBC does it again with the original scripted show , entitled Copper!Copper follows the life of ex soldier and Irish immigrant Kevin `` Corky '' Corcoran in the 1860 's the Five Points of New York City
 BBC has done it again ! Copper instantly grabs you with well developed characters that keep you anticipating each new episode . The story line is gritty , the settings realistic and the costumes beautifully done .
 This was a very well done show . It is very violent show but that is how it was in New York city during the Civil War . The acting is tops , and you will enjoy it very much . Adult viewing .
 I rented the first disk on Netflix and finished all the episodes all at once . There was no way I could possibly wait another three days for my disk to come so I could watch more episodes . My solution ? Purchase a few episodes to hold me over until the disk arrived . I could not help myself the show is so addicting . The writing and acting is amazing . Think of it as a &#34; Sons of Anarchy &#34; tv show , but set in New York during civil war time . You ca n't miss it .
 Raw , intelligent , and entertaining . Believable characters coupled with engaging plot development . The sets , camera work , and acting are all first rate . Thank you , BBC !
 The quality is great one of my favorite shows , Thanks for the download . I will concider purchasing this type of collection again
 Love the time setting of this show . Wish everyone would dress like that again . Can not wait for round 2 !
 Very reminiscent of `` Gangs of New York '' film . Still entertaining and quite watchable . I 've watched the entire season so far and am enjoying it .
 I love this series ! Every episode is exciting and keeps you on the edge of your seat . The acting is great and I ca n't wait to see what happens next .
 Really enjoy this show , a great twist both the old west and police drama themes . I 'm always eagerly waiting for the next episode . Highly recommend .
 COPPER is a cop show set in New York City during the Civil War.But , this is not the New York police force as seen on LAW & ORDER . This department is filled with corruption . Police brutality and vigilante justice run rampant , and , of course , there is no such thing as a search warrant.Created by Tom Fontana , Will Rokos and executive produced by Barry Levinson , the ten episode , one-hour series is filled with intriguing characters and shocking plot-twists that will surprise even the most astute viewers of television drama.Detective Kevin Corcoran -LRB- Tom Weston-Jones -RRB- returns home to 1864 New York from the Civil War battlefields to discover that his daughter has been murdered and his wife has disappeared . Assigned to Five Points , the most dangerous area of the city , Corcoran seeks the truth about what happened to his family while investigating different crimes , such as the murder of a child , which his superiors would prefer to cover up because the killer is a politically-connected member of New York 's upper class.Quite often , Corcoran 's investigations lead him to the emerging African-American community in Northern Manhattan , or to the steps of the New York elite on Fifth Avenue , and , in one story arc , he and a wealthy friend -LRB- Kyle Schmidt -RRB- uncover a Confederate plot to burn the city to the ground.COPPER is a truly engrossing series that does a superb job of recreating a troubled time and place in America 's past . Aside from Weston-Jones and Schmidt , the fine cast includes Kevin Ryan , Dylan Taylor , Anastasia Griffith , Ato Essandoh , Kiara Glasco and Franka Potente.The three-disc DVD set from BBC Video includes sever `` Behind the Scenes '' featurettes and deleted scenes.Michael B. Druxman
 I hope it stays around for a few seasons Highly recommend it to anyone who like cop dramas and period pieces
 this show just keeps getting better . the characters are fascinating and complex . the times are exciting . and the story telling keeps you on your seat . be prepared to be surprised in this episode .
 This is a wonderful program ; a crime drama set in New York City in 1964 . I is well worth the time to watch .
 Copper is one of my favorite shows this season . Most episodes have been dark and brooding , but this episode showed the writers and actors have a great sense of humor , too . Nice reprieve from the drama , but just long enough for you to get your bearings before the next darker side of the Five Points drama resumes .
 With all of the recent politicking , mostly of the he-said , no he-said , variety , this episode reminds us of the history before us for which we should be so appreciative . There is a texture and color to this series which is finally sinking in for me
 A good cop show taking place just before civil war is over - 1860 's New York . An American-Irish cop patrolling the 5 points of New York . When it comes to the law , Corcoran is n't always an angel . Kevin 'll steal from crocks , but he does want justice for the guilty and protection for all the innocents.An all star cast . Tom Weston-Jones -LRB- MI-5Episode 1 -RRB- as Kevin Corcoran . Anastasia Griffith -LRB- Once Upon a Time
 This show is like being inside a book . Some episodes are better than others , but overall this is an excellent program . BBC America is tops .
 I like the story line and the characters . Entertaining and provacative ca n't wait until the next chapter . The scenes depict the period of the time .
 Men and women would love this . It 's written and acted out well . What an era to have lived through . Wow !
 If you like your crime and punishment gritty and you enjoy seeing the bad guy get his in the end you will enjoy this series.There 's something for everyone , including sexy leading man Tom Weston-Jones who plays Kevin ; an Irish detective in New york city.It 's fiction woven in with historical events , and you 'll want to watch more ; too bad season two does n't start until summer 2013 on the BBC . You 'll just have to watch season one over again .
 Best ! Love the time period . The casting is spot on . Can not wait for season 2 ! This is not a disappoitment !
 I watched the first season after buying COPPER just by reading the premise . This is the bridge of information , history and American cultural progress , given short shrift by the movies like `` Far And Away '' which although a great movie , neglects much more than it exposes about the Irish/Black experience in the Northeast . Read , `` How the Irish Became White '' and watch COPPER in that context and see how much riskier COPPER is in it 's portrayal and though `` stylized '' starts to deal with the history of America similar to the book . I only hope the story line does not degrade into `` molasses '' , why does the BBC produce culturally relevant shows while American TV gives us 25 versions of CSI and Law And Order ? Can not wait for Seasons 2-10 ...
 A must see . Great show great acting , if you like Justified this reminds me of that show . Ca n't wait til it comes back .
 We 're on disk 3 and just want to know when season 2 will be available ! We liked everything about this show-cast , writing , all of it .
 I watched season 1 of Copper on the TV . And wanted to own the dvd so I could watch it again at my leasure . My wife and I really enjoyed the show and cast . This show is excellently well written and acted . I would reccomend this to everyone .
 I fell for this series and missed only one or two weeks . I loved it so much I ordered the station on my dish I recomend this to anyone who likes nitty gritty police , with history mixed in . Now we have to wait until next summer for the next season Copper is the best series that I would pay to watch over and over.We need a new kind to cops and robbers
 Reminds me of Deadwood blended with Sherlock Holmes . Easy to get addicted to . Characters are engaging , I love this show .
 Copper was a little slow on the uptake for me . However , once I got into it , I really enjoyed it . It is very different from the usual run of the mill cop series.Copper had some seriously good surprises in their story lines . It also has some excellent historical accuracy . Yes , it is a drama , but set in the 1860 's with a historical background . So , being accurate was important to me.Again , with respect to characters and actors portrayals . Another good job in choosing the right people for the various roles.I am very much looking forward to receiving season 2 .
 I purchased this as a gift for a friend over in the UK . This show was not aired over therer and he wanted to see it . He tells me he loves it and is enjoying watching Season One .
 Very well written ; good acting ; well chosen cast that displays the human condition and those struggling to bring ` law and order ' to it . Vivid portrayals of life and classism as the people work to live in a city that is there but only in its most challengin form .
 Much more intelligent programming than I expected . More importantly , I knew very little about the &#34; view from the North &#34; during this time period - this show is a terrific lens from which to view this period of history .
 I 've watched it twice , and only owned it a month . The stories are great , acting superb , historical research very good , and the extras are as good as the episodes . Only drawback , on the second viewing , the stories seem a little rushed . Slow down -- we do n't need so much to change and secrets revealed in a single short season .
 This show keeps your interest as each episode reveals a bit more about the main characters and the story line . The season wrapped up nicely .
 This is one of my favorite shows . It 's an ambitious offering from BBC America and I 'm hoping it 's one that they are being well rewarded for . The production value is great , the attention to detail is all there , and the plots are pretty well thought out . Sure , they do resort to some tropes on occasion , but through it all they keep coming out on top . It 's a dark show that is not suited for kids , in my opinion . But , for the adults , it 's not like most shows you 'll see on the networks . It 's as close to an HBO or Showtime production as you can get I believe .
 I almost gave up on this series after the first couple of episodes finding it just okay . But as the story unfolded , it increasingly gripped my attention . The atmosphere of Civil War New York was a big plus .
 This is an excellent tv series . I am sure it was inspired by the film `` Gangs of New York '' but puts the focus not on the gangs , but other people living in the Five Points . One of the themes in the series is child exploitation . I have to admit , the scenes that dealt with this made me awfully uncomfortable . My fear was that the filmmakers would actually exploit the children playing the roles of exploited children , and I wonder if they did indeed cross the line a couple of times in giving some very mature dialogue to a young actress . Child exploitation was a tragic thing that happened and is still happening . I think you are walking a tightrope over a fire in dealing with it though . Nonetheless , this is a riveting show to watch .
 This is a great series set in 1860 's New York at the time of the Civil War . The series centers on the character of an Irish immigrant policeman that has a fierce sense of what is right and wrong . It is full of intense scenes and captures the visceral sense of how violent and wild the country was at that time . It is a fabulous drama series that you do n't wo n't to miss !
 We need more shows like this on tv its well thought out and executed.even though I watched the rest of the shows on tv I am purchasing the whole season to watch again .
 The characters and story draw you in and keep you wanting more . Historical references and the personal touches that each of the actors bring to the episode make it a real treat to watch .
 I looked forward to the airing of this series . And I find I 've mixed feelings on it . I am awarding 4 stars for the reasons that I like the episode.I like the actors , two in particular develop a quick onscreen chemistry in the roles of long time friends . Kevin Corcoran and Francis MacGuire . The opening sequence is well set up , but almost immediately disturbing . With the introduction of Annie who is a child prostitute . I suspect it is meant to be so . Luckily things move on to the bank heist in progress , which is put down by the three officers with brutal and bloody expedience . All of the robbers are killed and the youthful `` lookout '' turns out to be in police pay . The officers help themselves to some of the loot , until the arrival of the chief , who gives the clear impression he will do the same , likely to a greater degree . So it is clear corruption in the force is accepted and expected . So far things look interesting , aside from the dimness of the set , which strains the eyes.Next we move on to the brothel/bar . There is singing which is rather good . And the whores , who look a lot less like they 've had a hard life . There is a easy nudity which is refreshing . We witness a protection payoff going to the police . OK , more evidence of corruption , quite historically feasible.And then we travel via coach to the Morehouse mansion and meet Mr Morehouse the younger -LRB- Kyle Schmid -RRB- . There is n't much of a connection between Morehouse and Corcoran despite the history revealed . Perhaps a illustration of the class awareness of the time . We meet the protagonist/bad guy Winifred Haverford . Also discover Kevin is boxing enthusiast , and that he also referees . Morehouse seems rather amused by everything , and more than a little suspicious . A guy you want to keep an eye out for.The murder of the child , ostensibly Annie -LRB- who later turns out to be her twin Kate -RRB- , is distressing for Corky , who has recently lost both his wife and his daughter . Again no mention of the girls ' actual age . but she looks to be maybe 9 or 10 , though historically a child prostitute living on the streets would look older than her age . The child 's body is taken to a doctor who is tasked with discovering how she died . There is a previous relationship between the doctor and the detective . It is implied that the doctor has trained in a larger Parisian morgue with more forensic knowhow than is available in America . I am not sure the resulting forensics is believable , -LRB- but it may simply be a case of my personal background interfering here -RRB- . There is more of a chemistry between the two actors here . Yes you can believe that they know and respect each other.Wrapping the case up , Corcoran follows the forensic leads and abducts a suspect , tortures him for information , then discovers he is n't the guilty party . Corky reports his findings to his Chief when it comes to pass that the guilty party is in fact the wealthy Mr Haverford , who buys his way out of the charge . Apparently with the full knowledge of the Chief.What makes this hard to watch is the tamped down emotion . I get very little read from any of the actors . Missing is the connection between the actors except in the case between Corcoran and MacGuire . And a little between the doctor and Corcoran . None of the prostitutes are in anyway intriguing , but perhaps they are there to contrast with the saintly Mrs H and provide a bit of titillation ? Mrs Haverford seems bland , though it is clear she is to be a significant part of the series . It is also hard to watch child abuse/murder . What appeals is the period setting , a few moments of delightful singing . The friendship between MacGuire and Corcoran shows promise . I 'll continue to watch in order to see if that relationship is further developed . Usually what makes or breaks a show for me is the chemistry between actors.There is also a certain slyness in the character of Morehouse the younger that bears watching . I do hope more historical happenings , such as the women 's suffrage movement is detailed in upcoming episodes .
 Episode 2
 This is a promising start of a new series set in the `` 5 Points '' area of New York City in 1864 . The sets are incredable , evoking the slum conditions and over crowding of multipule ethic groups forced into a small area at that time in New York 's history . The cast is fantastic and promises some very interesting plot developments . This is not a program for the politically correct sensitives of today but rather a frank look at behavior and morals of the 1860s . It is a gritty , street smart telling of the up hill battle law inforcement faced as the Civil War ended . The stories of the Irish and Black people -LRB- many had just been freed from slavery -RRB- in conflict for jobs , Corruption , Gangs of New York , Lack of jobs for women who must support themselves , wealthier women struggling for equality in voting and personal choices , childred orphaned by the Civil War and poverty provide a huge canvas . This series is off to a good start in an original telling of these stories . Tom Weston-Jones , Kevin Ryan , and Ato Essandoh are charming yet capable of brutal reprisal as they encounter killers , abusers , thieves , and gang lords . There is also humor and banter that is entertaining and a relief to the darker events . It seems to be historically correct , interesting , thought provoking as well as very entertaining .
 This series is n't for the faint of heart . The writers have done a fabulous job depicting the area known as 5 Points with all the filth , corruption , child pornography , bigotry and political shenanigans of the time . Husbands and Fathers is a statement on how one man can be caring , loving and nurturing of the woman in his life while another is just the opposite.If you 're a history buff , this series wo n't disappoint .
 We pretty much found this show by accident , and I am glad we did . It 's a great BBC show . The acting and action is great . Hope they keep this running for awhile .
 This is the first season of this show , and I absolutely love it ! The show is engaging , and I love the characters . 5 Stars !
 This is another BBC quality program , with lots of grit and heart and drama . I would highly recommend this program .
 It is a very gritty black and white story in a sense . I did n't know if with all of the violence I would lose interest but so far I like it . I live in NY almost my entire life but knew next too nothing about the five points before they became their current incarnations of Manhattan . I am enjoying the chemistry between the different characters and the main protagonist .
 A friend recommended this show . I do n't have BBC America as part of my cable lineup , so decided to order the DVD 's . I 'm looking forward to ordering season 2 when it comes available .
 The first season of Copper was awesome . Really Amazing ! I can not wait to see what happens in the second Season .
 I just happened on this show and it is really good ! Very well acted and its a good change from the usual .
 gdoiuyvoiuypyv oiuvon pp pov pi qw qdw fqf qewfeqf qfqef f e e fg fg g g g g g
 I really like Copper , but am I the only one who feels the storyline about the young girl is over the top ? This child is vividly portrayed as sexualized . In one of the later episodes , she 's shown sitting in a tub , albiet with an undershirt & pants on , and the lead character -LRB- Copper -RRB- is pouring water over her body . I mean , come on . It 's cringe inducing.Other than that aspect , I love the show .
 I just recently bought the blu-ray version of Copper , like all of my other purchases i always get Blu-ray TV.The packaging and delivery was fine , i got delivered in usual time for purchase at a distance from US to my country , however with this release ; on the covers of Copper , says the audio is DTS-HD 5.1 ; i got my copy with only Dolby Digital 5.1 . I checked all the discs and my receiver and all is fine from my end.I watch from my computer with Arcsoft Total Media Player , and for regional code i use AnyDVD , since i am not from US and i need sometimes to remove the code for playback , the audio is bitstreamed to my receiver , so all ok right.I ' v checked with a program called BDinfo which displays all the audio , video information , streams ... ; and BDinfo reports only Dolby Digital 5.1 as main audio playback.So all in all im convinced that this release is with only DD 5.1 audio.Now , i dont have a problem with that , yeah shure the audio is a little weaker then DTSHD , but since the picture quality is amazingly clear and audio isnt that bad , i still recommend to get this blu-ray version of Copper !
 I love the show and the characters , I just am a bit disturbed by the whole `` pedophilia '' story line . That is beyond disturbing and creepy ! I 'm not sure who thought that would be a good story line but it 's disgusting enough for me to not want to watch the entire show . Other than that , love the show , love the characters and the set , costumes and props .
 I enjoyed this very well done pilot . The story line is set up nicely and good introduction to the characters , The set is very well done , as it is one of the main reasons I wanted to watch this series , I was not disappointed .
 One of the most ambitious new shows to be produced by the BBC is actually set on American soil . What 's up with that ? And `` Copper '' arrives with one of the season 's most impressive pedigrees ! Oscar winner Barry Levinson -LRB- 6 total nominations with `` Rain Man '' earning him a Best Director prize -RRB- and Tom Fontana -LRB- 3 Emmy wins for writing on `` St. Elsewhere '' and `` Homicide
 Great start to the series - here 's hoping the rest of the season will live up to the debut . Gritty , well acted and well produced . Not exactly Downton Abbey , but good to see BBCA branching out from just bringing over UK shows .
 I think this is a wonderful new show ! I 'm glad it comes on right after one of my favorite shows `` Hell on Wheels '' . I think they did an awesome job with this new show and I hope it keeps running !
 Great acting . Deep characters supported by quality writing . AMC might soon have a rival for best TV shows!This show is the complete package for someone looking for an engaging drama .
 By Jim Clark , publisher , Lee County Courier , Tupelo , MississippiIt 's 1864 . The Civil War is in full swing.Kevin Corcoran -LRB- Tom Weston-Jones -RRB- is an Irish immigrant policeman , who is trying to keep the peace in the notorious Five Points neighborhood , in New York City.He has rotated out of the Union Army , and trying to capture a group of bank robbers . During the stakeout he comes in contact with Annie , a young girl , with no parents , and surviving off the street . He gives her an egg . She offers to repay him with sex . He tells her he 's not like that , and just then the criminals leave the bank.Later the same day , he 's called to a murder scene . It 's Annie . He carries the body to Matthew Freeman , an African-American doctor , who had served with him in the Union Army . Freeman helps Kevin from time to time with autopsies and the like.Still later he sees Annie , very much alive , and being kidnapped . It turns out she had a twin sister . Annie keeps propositioning him , unable to understand that all men are not like the one who killed her sister . Our reluctant foster father has to find suitable living quarters for the young girl and figure out who murdered her sister and why.Other characters include Robert Morehouse -LRB- Kyle Schmid -RRB- the son of a wealthy Fifth Avenue industrialist , who was Kevin and Freeman 's major in the Union Army ; Elizabeth Haverford -LRB- Anastasia Griffith -RRB- the English wife of a wealthy Firth-Avenue friend of Morehouse and Francis Maguire -LRB- Kevin Ryan -RRB- , one of Kevin 's only friends , and fellow detective.This is a great serial you may have missed . All 10 episodes are available on DVD and Blu-Ray .
 REALLY WISH IT WAS PROVIDED TWICE AWEEK . HATE TO SEE SEASON IS OVER LOOKING FORWARD TO THE NEW ONE . REALLY HARD TO WAKE UP AND NOT ON / / / / / / /
 One of the most ambitious new shows to be produced by the BBC is actually set on American soil . What 's up with that ? And `` Copper '' arrives with one of the season 's most impressive pedigrees ! Oscar winner Barry Levinson -LRB- 6 total nominations with `` Rain Man '' earning him a Best Director prize -RRB- and Tom Fontana -LRB- 3 Emmy wins for writing on `` St. Elsewhere '' and `` Homicide
 Great show concept and great acting ! Really enjoy each episode and have many favorite characters . Civil war period is one of my favorite parts in history and its great seeing it come alive .
 I was really glad to see this come out on Blu-ray in a set . This is a great series by BBC and it reminds me of &#34; Gangs of New York &#34; crossed with HBO 's &#34; Deadwood &#34; . It takes place in the Five Points of New York and it has a great storyline and plot . It is in the same league as any of the major cable network channels and I love the fact that it was not on one of the premium channels . This is a great show and hope it returns for a second season . It is not as graphic as Gangs was , but it has its moments . Highly recommended .
 This is a solid , consistent period drama . I did n't knock my socks off , but I enjoyed watching the characters develop . It strikes me how precarious life was back then in NYC .
 I second the positive reviews for this series . I loved it when it was being shown on television . I was impressed by the attention to detail , in background action and props . If you want more information and one of the best DVD releases , buy the DVD of this show . The extras are worth the purchase price . Extras are on every one of the three discs , including commentary from various actors . The final episode has the actors so engrossed in the story , they almost forget to comment . The information on costumes , characters and many other subjects make watching the series more entertaining . This is one of the best compilations I 've ever purchased , and I 've purchased quite a few tv series . I remember thinking that the lighting was dark while watching on tv , but the DVD seems brighter . Or maybe I got used to the darkness since they did n't have electricity in the 1860 's ! Highly recommended purchase . I am looking forward to season two .
 bought series for my nephew as a christmas gift he liked it . I saw the series on bbc america and enjoyed it .
 I took a chance and purchased the first season of Copper on blu ray . I am so very glad that i did ! Copper is an engrossing , refreshingly gritty , period drama . The characters are interesting without feeling too hyperbolized . the story is compelling enough -LRB- I found myself invested in the characters and the goings on of the day -RRB- . The blu ray transfer is nice -LRB- solid audio and video for a television show -RRB- . This blu ray is definitely recommended for those who like raw period flicks ! Not much else to say . Give it a try ! im very much looking forward to season 2 !
 Purchased as a Christmas gift for my husband ! We both loved the series ! It arrived earlier than originally scheduled which was a nice surprise !
 This series is set in the ` Five Points ' area of New York City , the slums , in 1864 ; shortly before the end of the Civil War . The principle characters are a Five Points ' police detective recently returned from the war whose wife mysteriously disappeared while he was away ; his wealthy friend and former commanding officer who lives in a mansion in upscale Manhattan ; and a black doctor who is a dear friend of the detective and who once saved the detective 's wealthy friend 's life during the war by amputating his shattered leg.The story revolves around the detective 's relentless search for information regarding his wife 's disappearance ; the interplay between those residing in Five Points and the wealthy who resided in luxury in upscale New York ; and the impact of the Civil War on happenings in New York and in Five Points -- with some truly fascinating characters thrown in for good measure.What makes the series so remarkable , besides its fascinating plot with its unexpected twists and turns and the marvelous acting , are the incredibly realistic street scenes ; the settings , both inside and out , which are so authentic that one can only wonder where the series was filmed and how much it must have cost ; and the way in which so many historical events stemming from the Civil War are worked into the storyline . The conclusion of the series also deserves mention , for it is not only surprising , but also a bit humorous and very satisfying.I stumbled across this mini-series on BBC America while searching for something worth watching on TV . -LRB- As most of us do all too frequently -RRB- It turned out to be a stroke of luck , since I had never before watched BBC America and this turned out to be the best mini-series of any kind that I 've ever seen . I think you 'll like it too , but keep in mind that there is much adult material in this series and it is therefore not for children .
 I really enjoy this show . It is not , however , for the faint-hearted . It has more than a few scenes that will make your stomach dance . It is definitely adult material , so do n't plan to watch with your younger set around .
 I thought it was a great new show . It played with history but still had an interesting story line . I just hope Kevin does not get hooked on some bad medicine .
 This series is not only entertaining , with lots of subplots , the historical presentation is unique and appears quite accurate.I highly recommend it as adult entertainment . In my opinion it is a little to graphic for childrens viewing
 LOVE THIS SHOW ! Wish there was more ! Watched it on my laptop in just a few days convinent and easy . Show is complicated and interesting ... well developed characters .
 Wish more episodes were on available on Amazon Prime.The plot was interesting , and the setting was just as grimey and dark as I would have imagined for a big city during that time period .
 The show is not afraid to veer off into unexpected territory and characters are often capable of behavior that is unexpected but not jarringly different than their persona , just not the direction dramas like this usually heads . The setting and time frame are not often explored , so it makes it seem more interesting and harder to drop into cliches .
 I pre-ordered this as soon as it came out . Great series ... even better without commercials and interruptions . Good special features , too .
 These people are not your Downton Abbey types , but they are just as exciting , interesting and enjoyable . I look forward to Season 2 . A great series !!
 Refreshing show , not what you expect , the beginning of State hood and the people that held &#34; order &#34; referred to as Coopers . all episodes were great ,
 What can one say ? Joint BBC and US production with an amazing scope , story , and time period . It really is a must see !
 This is one of the best new shows on television . The acting is wonderful , the sets and costumes are fantastic , and there is never a dull moment . Just when you think you have things figured out , there 's a new twist to keep you on the edge of your seat . I look forward to each new episode and ca n't wait to see what the future holds for Corky , his fellow coppers , and everyone in their world ! Hope this one lasts for a long time .
 In this movie Christina Applegate plays Kathy a rich Beveley Hills girl and Elizabeth Pena plays Carmen , a streetwise Hispanic woman . This unlikely duo band together when their respective boyfriends are busted for a drug deal gone wrong and are sent to prison . Kathy and Carmen move to a trailer in the desert so they can be clos to the prison and so they can visit their boyfriends . There is one very funny scene where Kathy and Carmen run out of money so they decide to become prostitutes but ca n't make up their minds about how much they should charge !!! Luckily Carmen lands a job in a bar and Kathy finds work in a grocery store . This movie is a subtle comedy which shows just how far some women are willing to go in their quest to love and be loved.Critics have compared this movie to the much overrated Thelma and Loiuse but this movie is much better .
 Remember `` Thelma and Louise '' ? Well , here are Kathy -LRB- CHRISTINA APPLEGATE ! -RRB- and Carmen -LRB- ELIZABETH PENA ! -RRB- , a couple of YOUNG WOMEN who end up living together in a TRAILER to be near their boyfriends who are in prison ! With no money , Kathy and Carmen consider becoming PROSTITUTES , but then they get a couple of legitimate jobs ! Getting tired of the ways things are going , the two gals take to the road and seek a NEW LIFE of ADVENTURE and ROMANCE ! Not good enough for you ? How about if we throw in BURGESS MEREDITH as an old prospector and MICHAEL McKEAN as a guy who keeps a trained lion and tiger out in the desert ! Still not good enough for you ? Well , this film has JACK NANCE ! That 's right ! `` Eraserhead '' himself ! Directed by LISA GOTTLIEB !
 Six complete strangers are forced to band together and flee the city when a zombie outbreak occurs . But after making camp in the middle of the wilderness , the group relaizes it 's each other they should fear ... A movie with a lot of ambition , friends , adversity , talent , great make-up and special FX get the notice of Film Festivals and directors across the country . It is noted as `` the Little Indie That Could '' . Fill your need for good horror and suspense.And a surprise - look after the credits .
 I think it 's a cool short film , and Keith David really does help the movie go a long way w/his performance .
 Please disregard all these other reviewers . They are trained movie critics ... LOL Seriously , this movie is very good . The gore and action are well done . There is a little more of it on the DVD release than was on Sci-Fi . The acting could 've been a little bit better , but really WAS N'T BAD AT ALL . This is worth the purchase , if you are wondering whether to buy , or not .
 THIS MOVIE IS FULL OF AWESOME-SAUCE . Seriously . The only issue I have with it is the gross misuse of Ray Park , who obviously owns at everything . Do n't hold back , Ray ! Do n't hold back . -LRB- It 's ok , baby ... I still love you . -RRB- NEXT PARAGRAPH.I watched this with my boyfriend and we had super fun poking fun at it , fun . Do n't go into watching it thinking it 'll be a beautiful piece of cinematic art ; it 's not . It 's just awful graphics , bad gore , cheesy lines , bad accents , unnecessary -LRB- awesome -RRB- flips and cartwheels ... The type of movie that ` Mystery Science Theater 3000 ' is made up of . It 's one of those movies that is awesomely bad . Watch it with friends , bond , be awesome together ! * punch dance *
 This is a pretty good little action/horror film with some extremely beautiful location photography and an attractive cast who do their best with a fairly silly script . Alexis Cruz gives a memorable performance and of course there is the great Danny Trejo . Casper Van Dien does a good enough job with his character and has one really humorous scene with Cruz that is the highlight of the film . It 's also great to see Linda Carter again . The visual effects are extremely bloody but not especially sophisticated . Certainly this film has some problems but it is n't that bad if you are fond of low independent horror films . As usual , Anchor Bay gives us a first class release of the film . It is packaged in an elegant embossed slip case . The transfer is flawless and looks quite spectacular if upconverted . Dolby 5.1 is good although not remarkable . Also included is an entertaining commentary track with director Kevin Vanhook and Casper Van Dien . There is a still gallery collection that features pre-production art work as well as stills . The screenplay is included as a DVD-ROM feature and there are trailers from other Kevin Vanhook films included . All in all this is an entertaining film given an excellent DVD release .
 You 'll get a bit of what you 're expecting out of this documentary , and a little of what you 're not - but in mostly a good way . One pleasant surprise was the inclusion of a related active excavation by Dr. Zahi Hawass -LRB- Egypt 's Minister of State for Antiquities Affairs - see Chasing Mummies on History -RRB- , who I have always found to be a solid and interesting source on the subject matter of anything ancient Egyptian . Other archaeological work is also discussed , so to detail the evolution of Egypt 's concept of the afterlife.The biggest drawback of this documentary is that it 's exceedingly short for the subject matter discussed within it , for much of what seemed to have been some of the more interesting aspects of the Pharaoh 's journey through the underworld were mentioned only in passing , with , at best , a cute representative visual . Toward the end the sequences seemed particularly rushed.Overall , the documentary is enjoyable and informative . Recommended .
 The DVD is the best I have ever bought so far related to Egyptian History . The despiction of the book of gates/book of the dead is awesome , all related to Seti I enterrament.Highly recommended .
 A great off-beat , -LRB- WAY off-beat -RRB- , bizzare movie , that is funny , but comedy seems to simplify it too much . If you are a fan of the Troma films you will probably dig this , -LRB- just do n't expect the gore -RRB- . I do n't want to say too much to ruin it , but lets just say any movie that has Robert Downey as a judge , a sovereign state of one in the name of chess , and a leprechaun is a must see .
 SPOILER !!! If you 've read the origins of Wolverine in any of the X-Men comics , this movie does n't follow those very closely.This movie is a great addition to the world of X-Men , tracing the scattered history of James Logan aka Wolverine . Starting with his conflicted childhood and progressing through his adult life with his brother , Victor , Logan comes across other well-known mutants such as The Blob and even a young Scott Summers , up until an epic battle with Major William Stryker and his `` ultimate '' weapon , Deadpool . Starring several big names such as Will.I.Am and Ryan Reynolds , X-Men Origins is a definite see-it for all Wolverine fans.For anyone who stayed for after the credits in the theater , the post-credits scene in the DVD release is completely different .
 The prodect came exactally as advertised , and in excellent condition . Arrived pretty quickly as well . I would use this seller again in the future .
 I gave this to my husband for his birthday and he loved it . However , I did have to watch it with him but it was n't really hard to watch at all .
 I am ax-men fan I have watch this movie many times and will watch it many more
 This was way be than expected , I was also able to upload to my Ipod with the digital copy version too . Awesome movie to begin with .
 I liked it . I 've never seen seen any of the comics or the other movies in the series , so there were no pre-conceived notions . Anyway , my husband is a big fan of the movies , so we watched it one cold rainy Saturday snuggled up in bed . I expected to fall asleep ten minutes into it , -LRB- as I usually do -RRB- , but stayed awake through to the end . Since I fell asleep during
 A mutants powers usually manifest at puberty , and often during emotional trama . At the beginning fans see Logan 's powers manifest . Bone claws and animal strength and attitude emerge , accompanied by healing power . The film tells how Logan and Victor , who will eventually become Wolverine and Saber Tooth , are half brothers . How each is innately quite similar , but both become quite different . Victor slowly becomes savage and brutal , Logan becomes feral and primal . Victor a monster , and Logan a warrior and lover.Logan is manipulated into volunteering for the adamantium experiment . The process is so damaging that Logan 's system flat lines for a minute . Then his healing factor brings him back . His bones made invulnerable , and his claws turned into blades.This movie explains Stryker 's hatred of mutants , and his connection to Wolverine . Explains how Logan got amnesia , and the reason for his code name `` Wolverine '' . Accompanied by intense battle , and powerful love - this is highly entertaining . This is the origin of the best X-Man .
 After a traumatic event , young Wolverine and his brother Victor run away from home and throw themselves into a series of wars , ranging from the Civil War to Vietnam -LRB- They age MUCH slower than a normal person , and are also nearly unable to die . Lucky . -RRB- They join a special squad of mutants , and follow lots of orders they do n't really understand or agree with , and soon Wolverine is getting sick of the whole thing . Victor , however , is growing to love it more . Too much . Finally , something snaps , and Wolverine bails , opting for a quiet life in the Canadian -LRB- ? -RRB- countryside . Of course , a quiet life was never meant to be for Wolverine , and soon enough his world is being turned upside down again by the people he 'd forsaken years ago , hoping never to see again . Lies turn out to be true , truths turn out to be lies , and you 'll never look at Wolverine the same again.As always , Hugh Jackman is an amazing actor , and the only one I can imagine for the character of Wolverine . He even made that one scene with the stereotypical &#34; NOOOOOOOOO ! &#34; not that bad . Sabertooth was an even better choice
 Hugh Jackman and Liev Schreiber tore up the screen in this movie . It was exciting to see the relationship between the brothers evolve and the evolution of Wolverine . It was action packed with historical war scenes , x-men battles and brother on brother fighting.The movie explained just enough of how Wolverine became the man he is and left enough room for additional movies to fill in more gaps . It teased me and left me wanting more .
 I have been a fan of X-Men since i was a kid . I liked the first 3 movies pretty well , especially the 1st one . This one , however , is far beyond the first 3 . It is a little different from the others . There is more drama , and a little more downtime . The story develops well , and that 's the key to creating a memorable movie . The origin of several characters is explained in Origins . The acting is also quite well done . This one probably ties with First Class as the best X-Men film .
 i love the comics . x mens always been my favorite series other than when i was little and i was all about superman . All the xmen movies are different than the comics . theyre comic inspired action movies BUT i love em . hugh jackman is so cool . Hes an awesome adaptation of wolverine . In this one i loved how they pulled in scott without really pulling him into it . I really like liev shreiber and was happy they picked him to play a young sabretooth . It was a fun movie . i watched it in two settings so im not giving it a full 5l Lets face it if it was the best thing ever i would have watched it all the way through . Like all the others , when you match up this to Xmen first class which timewise fall close things just dont add up but like i said not to think on much . Not my favorite but the last comic movie i saw was Green Lantern and haha anythings a step up from that .
 I 've been wanting to see a Wolverine movie that lives up to how the man is the comics . Too many times in the movies , characters are watered down to make them more appealing to those who are n't into comics so much and , because of this , comic book fans -LRB- like me -RRB- feel like we 've been cheated . Thankfully , X-Men Origins
 This is a good movie . If you like X-Men , this is a must see . Ca n't wait till Wolverine 2 comes out .
 I was lucky & got Woverine for a good price from someone else . It was a FANTASTIC , STUNNING & AN AWESOME movie . If you ca n't tell , I liked it.You see his infancy . they do n't tell you what happened at this birth , if his claws came later or any of that type of information . But from the very beginning it is a movie that grabs your attention & hold on to it to the end . Marvel is coming out with a lot of superheros & gods beginnings . so I 'm pretty sure that they are planning for a spectacular epic for us using all the characters that inhabit the Marvel Universe . Because this movie here is n't just about Wolverine 's origins but also of Sabertooth . You also see a lot of the other characters that inhabit Marvelverse.If you are a Wolverine fan , you will need this film . If you like action movies , you will need this movie . If you like Marvel movies so far , get this one because I 'm pretty sure you 're going to need it.I am pretty sure that Ladies will like this one , even if it is n't a -LRB- sorry -RRB- chick-flick . But you will like it .
 this is a great movie . Of course when u have seen the Xmen you just want to have seen this one in the first place . So to my experience watch this one and then the three Xmen movies !!! Love it purely and simply even if it 's not always easy to come back to the Origins .
 While the whole X Men franchise is a very entertaining collection of movies , I must say that until they took on the task of focusing on Wolverine 's character I really was n't in the true fan category.I am a huge Hugh Jackman fan and I have always liked the Wolverine character back in the cartoon series at least - never had the comic books so this was a double ` got ta have a look ' movie for me and I was delighted with what I found.Not only was the story line well written and thought out , every character had their role and they played it well . I really liked Liev Schreiber 's character as Logan/Wolverine 's brother and the new nemesis created a al Frankenstein by the mad Colonel.The scenery was breathtaking , especially that gorgeous old farm where Logan/Wolverine runs to , fully naked , after the transformation surgery . Utterly spectacular vistas!The action was great without being over the top with a CGI glut . The main thrust of tihs whole movie was the death of Logan and the birth of Wolverine and how it all came into being.It was a great action movie and I thoroughly enjoyed it as pure entertainment . An awesome movie for a rainy afternoon or a movie marathon weekend with family and friends !
 I like this movie , because Wolverine did n't look so stiff and dolled up with his hair over styled and hairsprayed like it was in The Last Stand . He looked like a real person -LRB- who just happens to have blades for fingers and super human abilities -RRB- going through emotional things , and it was n't about saving the world . This movie seemed like it was aiming for a more sentimental and mature crowd , and I am sooo looking forward to the next Wolverine to get me in a movie theater again.We must remember
 This is one of my all time favorite movies . Hugh Jackman makes a great Wolverine . Recommend all the X-Men movies for anyone who watched the series on TV .
 What 's better than the badass Wolvie getting his own movie ? Him running around butt naked lol.But seriously , this was very enjoyable !
 Obviously its Hugh Jackman and his acting is phenom . So as usual , there is a good story line and interesting mixes on what you think this leads to - I love how you can keep trying to put the pieces together and try to associate it with what happened in the carton series ... fun stuff ! Great movie on a weekend night in !
 I have been an X-Men fan since I was a child . Wolverine was always the toughest one around and he carried an attitude to match . Hugh Jackman plays the role to perfection and this movie is a great synopsis of the origins of one of the X-Men and one of my personal favorite characters.Wolverine and his brother are invincible warriors and their amazing healing powers make these mutants able to heal quickly , stay in the fight and maybe even immortal ! The US government uses them and modifies them to enhance their fighting capabilities and the result is scary . Wolverine is out for vengeance and no one had better stand in his way.Wolverine 's brother is played by Liev Schreiber who does a wonderful job fulfilling the role as a real bad dude without many moral ethics of doing whatever he wants to win . He makes a good villain to Wolverine 's vision quest to regain his lost past . In the end Sabertooth , -LRB- Liev Schreiber -RRB- does just enough to help his brother against a common foe!I love this movie for the storyline and the great special effects . It helps you to understand Wolverine 's personality , special skills and his amnesia about his past . I hope the X-Men saga continues in more movie releases . They are great !
 Love Xmen movies....DVD..........X-Men Origins
 This item was received in a timely fashion & it was a gift to one of my sons & he has n't complained.Janette Todd
 I liked this movie , which as you know , sinks down to the origin of Wolverine . It also shed some light on the origin of Storm and Scott . This 2-disk special edition has a digital copy for your iPod or iPhone , if you 're a fan of those . Great special features . Waiting for more on the origins of other mutants .
 This movie was very good ... I expected an OK movie . Now I wish I 'd gone to the movies to see it .
 What a terrific movie ! And the Blue-Ray adds that extra touch to make it that much more like the movie theater !! Oh , and that Hugh Jackman ... . Need I say more ???
 we just love x-men and just had to have the wolverine.thank-you it cam in good contion and a good price.amazon is the only place I shop.than-you
 The movie is Great specially on blue-ray . The shipping and the handeling of Amazon like always `` Excellent Service '' . I give this movie 5 starts.The acting , the qualty everything that a movie should have to get five stars . I think if you like Wolverine you must buy this one.Thank you Amazon for such great price and also your wonderful service.Vivian C. Gold
 If you are an `` X-Men '' movie fan ; if you are a comicbook-to-movie fan ; you will probably like this movie . It has all the tried and true ingredients of the genre
 Despite all the mixed reviews about this movie , I still went out and purchased this movie . This is the best X-men movie yet , possibly the best comic book adaptation next to Transformers . It told the entire story of Wolverine and how he came to lose his memory which reflected in the original trilogy movies . I really loved this movie with its great characters but I was a little disappointed that Jean Grey was not shown but overall great movie .
 I saw this movie twice in the theater and was thrilled each time . I could n't wait for this movie to come out on DVD ! The action scenes are really good , and the actor that plays Sabretooth was perfect ! I do n't think that there will be much disappointment in this movie if you watch it for what it is and not try to compare it too precisely to the comic book series .
 It 's not just that this movie is more filled with eye-popping effects and thrilling action sequences than the trilogy , though that 's true . Rather , it 's that there 's a whole story here . Wolverine starts fast , and springboards from the long-running Marvel Comics series in breath-taking ways . It 's a multi-faceted tale with an emotional richness seldom associated with the phrase `` summer movie . '' For good reason , we equate summer movies with empty , flash-bang exercises in computer-generated imagery and mindless action . But the writers here are as interested in the subtext as they are in the high quality action . There 's no denying that mutant super-powers drive this film . This is what state-of-the-art special effects look like
 Love Love Love this movie . Hugh Jackman is great in it , perfect for the role , a few disappointments here and there -LRB- mainly what they did to deadpool -RRB- but nothing that does n't give this movie a well deserved 5 stars .
 Alright , first the movie . It 's awesome . I used to collect all of the `` X '' titles from marvel when I was younger so I followed Wolverine for a long time . When the movies were released , I went in with an open mind , knowing full well that they were not going to be a rehash of the comics and I was glad about that . I think this `` open mind '' policy is quite important with comic book to movie adaptations . If you are not a comic follower , but you like some good action , then you 'll still like this.As far as the Blu-Ray goes , it works great . The quality is awesome and combine it with a good , at-home theater system and you 'll feel like you went out to the movies . Very much worthwhile .
 Xmen orgins is by far a great movie this is a keeper . The guys are Hot !
 When I first heard that Hugh Jackman was going to play Wolverine in the X-Men movie , I said , `` Who ? `` But , wow , he does a great job . My favorite part of the first X-men was , as Jesse `` The Body '' Ventura would say , the lumberjack cage match between Wolverine and all comers . -LRB- Wolverine was always my favorite X'er -RRB- I really looked forward to seeing the Wolverine Origins movie after seeing the preview . And I was n't disappointed.Huge and Liev make a great pair of brothers . I guess they were destined to play relatives -LRB- see Kate & Leopold -RRB- . People think that Logan is dark . Liev makes him look like Little Miss Sunshine.I do n't plan to purchase too many Blu-Ray movies . Only the ones that are worth it . And this definitely qualifies -LRB- as does Iron Man and Planet Earth -RRB- . Great cast and great special effects . It was much better than Cats . I 'll watch it again and again .
 Growing up I watched the X-men cartoon every week and loved two of the characters
 This was a big nonstop action video . If you like any X-men , you will like this . Great special effects ... worth the money .
 I really like this movie . I 'm a big fan of the cartoon.The package came wrapped in plastic and in a box . I recommend this movie for everyone . If you like the comic book , you will enjoy this movie a lot . It 's a must see movie .
 I am a BIG fan of Blu-ray . This is a great movie on Blu-ray . A must .
 I really enjoyed this movie . it was a bit odd to see Professor Xavier walking . I thought he would have been in a wheelchair in this movie . it was a bit odd to see Cyclops going to school as a teen and Gambit on here as well . this movie has tons of action . Hugh Jackman reprises his role as Wolverine , who was a Weapon X. it is hard to imagine , through all the X-Men cartoons I watched in my 20 's , that Wolverine and Sabretooth grew up as half-brothers . there were some funny parts in this movie , such as Fred `` Blob '' Dukes boxing with Wolverine , however , eventually , it is the Blob that gets knocked down . I am really surprised that Magneto and Mystique were not in this movie . I recommend this movie to X-Men fans .
 Awesome movie , does most of wolverine 's history justice , only part that kinda stunk was ... SPOILERS AHEAD !!!!! ... what they did with deadpool/ryan reynolds character , he could have been so much more in the movie , but it was a very enjoyable movie , watched it twice allready !!! blue ray is awesome !!!
 Ok , while it may not be the best in high drama , for what it was , this was a pretty decent movie . Then the other shoe hits ... `` Deadpool '' aka Baraka was wrong on virtually every level for the character . Now do n't get me wrong , Ryan Reynolds did aFANTASTIC job when he was just plain old Wade . Fantastic to the point that I was really looking forward to the Deadpoolmovie , right up till they turned him into Baraka from Mortal Kombat ... with laser eyes ... and teleportation ... Yeah . That part really sucks . But that 's like the last 15 mins of the movie . Up till then , it 's filled with performancesthat range from decent to pure win -LRB- did I mention how spot-on Ryan Reynolds was as pre-Deadpool Wade Wilson ? Yeah , he ` sjust that good to need mentioning again ... -RRB- Now x-men/wolverine `` purists '' are n't going to like this movie any more than they did the last ones . They do change things , some of them for no readily discernable reason . So to those people , I say rent/PPV it.Wolverine & Deadpool -LRB- comic version -RRB- fans definately need to buy it though . Hugh Jackman literally becomes Wolvie for the movie , just like he did for all the others . And yes , more mad props for Ryan Reynolds ! `` Ok ... People are dead ... '' Priceless .
 Huge Jackman is so hot and amazing in this movie . I love the whold Wolverine storyline and ca n't wait for the new movie to come out !
 i have all the Xmen DVDs . Just one of my favorite movies . movie came promptly . i had no problems with this vendor
 This movie from beginning to end keeps your interest . Even if you are not a follower ... great action and drama flick .
 I have seen this movie several times I got all the x - men movies for my grandson . He is 16 , he says this one is his favorite .
 A Christmas present for my son . A cartoon to go with the regular movies of the xmen . He watches them all the time .
 Good Movie . This is just my opinion and I 'm writing this because in order to leave a review I must have a certain amount of words in my review . Really !!! AYFKM . Jusy Saying .
 ever wonder how Logan became the man we know as Wolverine ? now you can find out by watching this dvd and learn of his origins .
 In all honesty , this isnt a great movie . It isnt nearly as good as the original trilogy or First Class , but it is Hugh Jackman kicking the crap out of people and being really bad bass ;-RRB- all in all lots of fun .
 I went into this one with low expectations but walked out glad I spent the time . Entertaining , basically a good summer popcorn film . Sure you have to suspend your disbelief at the door -- but really , any movie of this type requires that . A better film than X-MEN 3 . True , it does n't have Famke Janssen but there is something equally beautiful , the very alluring Lynn Collins . If you like comic movies a good one to have .
 Non of the X-men movies should be taking too seriously that said ... . this is an awesome movie lots of action and by far the most interesting story of any of the X-men . Sure this is not King Lear but is not suppose to be either . I do n't get other reviewers when they talk about the story being too thin . I say to those people come on !!! as long as they jam pack the movie with action scenes epic battles and portrait the characters accurately who cares if the story is not as complex as you would like it to be . They did make a great action movie ... you just need to watch it as if you were a kid and enjoy a good old action flick.I like this movie so much that after watching it I went online and purchase the video game for Xbox360 and it was just as awesome XDPD
 Now , beside the fact that everyone thinks they are a critic , how can you rip a movie that has never been a direct adaptation of the comic ? Generally the point of a movie at least in my opinion is to give people an imagination , especially those that dont have one for themselves . You want to the point , read the comics , imagine it in your mind as a movie , isnt or wasnt that the point of comics in the first place ? Fantasy and what not . I see a movie to see the story someone wanted to tell , and most of all , to entertain myself for 2 hours with the thought `` I wish I could do that . '' For everyone who wants the direct adaptation from the comic , stop complaining and go make it , see how that one sells . For everyone else , which anyone who knows anything about making money would know the more people you appeal to the more money you will make . That being said I think the movie did a great job of appealing to the masses , with the only people ripping the movie being the comic nerds and the wannabe movie critics who all seem to be biased , and then I waste my time reading review after review of these people who somehow only rip a movie that they obviously saw one time , and write a long review of what the movie didnt have , and one line about what it did . Yes some of the characters were underdeveloped , but what about everything else ? For the others , yes I noticed the representation of the alkali lake part was different , in X-men 2 you see striker as a old man saying `` he 'll have no memory '' and for anyone who has any sense at all for what you can do ONCE A MOVIE IS ALREADY MADE ! would understand that there will be differences . Hence the fault of making a prequel . You do the best you can . You got ta go with the `` oops we didnt realize we were going to make this , but now it makes sense , how can we make it fit the best we can ? What kind of movie would have him lose his memory after he comes back to life , because lets not forget he did technically die after they injected him , but they also did a good job at making the point his body would reject all other metals except this one very rare one . which is where the bullets come in . back to the memory , enlighten me guys , where would you take the movie if he lost his memory right after that ? suddenly it isnt origins wolverine , its the origins of the entire x men , at least i think . for making a movie about one of the characters they did a great job , and left it open to make another about the entire x-men and how they came to be . Enough of they why didnt they crap and why not try something new , think about why they did and why they had to , and after you waste time with that , get a job , and enjoy a movie for what a movie is ... . A MOVIE . God i would pay money for a Foamy rant about all the reviews here that are up before the movie even comes out on dvd , that would be perfect for a video review
 I loved this movie ! I loved the 3 X-Men movies before , but this was my favorite to date . Wolverine rocks !
 Lots of hating on this film but I really enjoyed it . Yes , it deviates from the comic books , but I think it is a descent alternate universe-type storyline . Yes , it has unrealistic fight scenes , but come on ! It 's a comic book superhero . It 's all fantasy . And , yes , Wolverine 's claws special effects were poor , but ... well , I guess there is n't any real excuse for that nowadays . But Sabertooth 's claws were well done . The casting was great . I like Hugh Jackman as Wolverine and I especially like that he actually seems to enjoy playing the character and cares about how Wolverine is presented -LRB- see the bonus features -RRB- . Leiv Schreiber is great at Sabertooth . Good match opposite Hugh Jackman and I like the way he runs like a cat when charging . Gambit was also cool and I think he should be the next breakout character . Nice portrayal of Gambit 's powers and fighting skills . I would n't mind if Deadpool stayed dead , but we know that wo n't happen , based on the scene at the end of the credits . But best of all , there was finally some well choreographed and excting fight scenes that took advantage of modern technology and special effects ... something seriously lacking in the other X-men movies . I hope they make a few more of these . Get the movie , it 's a lot of fun . -LRB- Just do n't take it too seriously . -RRB-
 Note the title its not a review I saw the movie in the theater & purchase the dvd . I am 53 and grew up reading comics -LRB- Marvel & DC -RRB- when it was 12 cents -LRB- ! -RRB- the negative reviews are mostly complaining the film does not follow the comic book well it ca n't how can you use the comic book story line where Wolverine survives a nuclear blast - what works in comics but do not work in films . Just look at Dark Knight , Iron Man etc where the film make subtle changes . This is true in all book to film translations go read the Godfather and compare it to the film there are many ideas that do not translate well to film . The film writers & director do their best to keep the integrity of the character in tact where everyone can enjoy not just for the comic book die-hards . So please enjoy Wolverine & the other comic book films .
 I just have to say that I will never listen to critics EVER again . I based my decision to not catch Wolverine in theatres solely on what I was reading online and how bad this film was reported as being . I now regret that decision after deciding to purchase the blu ray . I just finished watching it and I actually thought it was fantastic . I 'm not an X-Men expert by any stretch of the imagination so I am not able to offer any comparisons from this movie to it 's original comic book source material . Strictly from a cinematic/entertainment standpoint , this movie succeeded on every level for me . Great story -LRB- from my point of view -RRB- , great characters , great action sequences and special effects . It 's just loads of fun to watch and I hope they continue with the Origins series . Never again will I trust critics or even what I hear from family and friends . It 's always best to make your own decisions because you never know when you could be missing out on a highly entertaining `` movie theatre '' experience .
 `` X-Men Origins
 I ordered a DVD and I had very fast service and a very easy transaction . The DVD was of good quality and I am very happy with my purchase .
 Despite the flaws the film had , and I would n't lie it had them , I really enjoyed `` X-Men
 The movie is great thats why I purchased it . I 'm writing this review because the BR box was DAMAGED and the disk had like a little print -LRB- kind of looks like a finger print and the BR is `` new '' -RRB- . The Amazon box was in perfect conditions so it was n't UPS who mishandled the package I think it was the warehouse were this BR movie was lingering . To be more precise about the damage , the back of the BR box has a like 1 inch dent , the cover art is ripped and it 's just messed up . I trust Amazon handles their merchandize a little more serious . I could return it but for all it 's worth it , its not worth my time . Im just hoping this never happens again.BTW this movie arrived kind of fast considering It was a `` standard shipping '' order about 3 -4 days after I ordered it , it arrived .
 Love this movie , the 3-disc edition is a bonus and a great value with Blu-ray . I 'm very happy with the purchase !!!!! A + + + + + + +
 I usually do n't base my opinion of a movie on what 's its based on as a story or compare it to other movies in its series , i just take the movie as a stand-alone feature . and this one is an Excellent action movie from the fight sequences to the visual effects involved .
 To me this movie is by far the best of all the X-Men movies . I love the character Wolverine and this movie shows a bit more of who he is and how his abilities came about . Also , the action in it is the best .
 I got this for myself , it was all four of the x-men movies , and was surprised that they all come with the digital copy , I was happy just to pay the price for the blu-ray movies themselves.I watched the first movie last night and it turned out great , picture was fantastic.For the price amazon is selling this bundle for , I would say it is well worth it for any fan.I watched them on a PS3 which is probably why I did n't have any issues with playing the disks , the PS3 normally gets the most up to date firmware ; as it 's always connected to the network .
 And that `` Bryan Singers '' vision just was n't that great.At first , the idea of a spin-off origin story of Wolverine sounded stupid . Why did we need to hear more about Wolverine then we did in X2 . Was n't killing Stryker and learning of those origins enough?No , it definitely was n't . There was much to learn about Wolverine 's very long past , and I say long because somehow they get a hell of a lot of material done in a 1 hour and 47 minutes . From the awesome credits scenes with him and Sabertooth -LRB- needed an origin story as well -RRB- in various wars , it becomes obvious that a great movie has been made.From the introduction of Deadpool -LRB- gets the coolest scenes in the movie -RRB- the death of a love of Wolverine 's , to his involvement in the `` Weapon X '' program , the movie moves from one to thing to another very smoothly.From great action scenes -LRB- Wolverine being shot at on a motorcyle after being admanatium is in him being the best -RRB- and some really sad moments when various characters are killed , I completly forgot why I ever cared about `` Bryan 's Singer '' ovveratted vision.I would rate this either the best or 2nd best X-Men movie , only possibly 2nd to X3 . I know what most people of think of X3 , so an explanation is needed for this belief.X-Men was a good movie , but it was obvious that the budget was n't high enough and just did n't allow for enough explosive action in a franchise that is half about the awesome powers in fight scenes . X-Men 2 got that budget and while having a great story wasted money on a dragged on ending scene -LRB- breaking facility = boring -RRB- and a lack of anything for Colossus to do . X-Men
 It is funny that most reviews are commenting on the movie , comics , the story line etc. . blah blah ... You do n't buy $ 25 DVD 3 months later after the release to critic a movie here on Amazon ! There are already expert movie critics out there ! You can also rent it from BB for $ 5 including a Blu Ray these days !! Damn it who cares about what you or your neighbor thinks about the movie story line . I watch it for my own enterntaintment purposes.What I would like to read here is about the quality of the Blu Ray ! How well does it play on your 1080p LCD , aspect ratio , sound quality , True HD , is it worth it to add it your collection , etc !
 X-Men Origins
 A very nice move but the problem is that you cant her the audio on a ps3 Even with the last update -LRB- 3.0.1 -RRB- if the settings on bit stream ; it should be on -LRB- pcm -RRB- such a waste not to hear the -LRB- dts HD -RRB- And for the move in some clips when a blue screen background it seems very obvious that the lighting and colors deifiers -LRB- it could have been done better -RRB- But for the move it is one of the best
 I 'm not the first person to review this movie , and I 'm certain I wo n't be the last . I WILL stand with many of the other reviewers who encourage a more `` balanced '' perspective of the film , and not the `` berzerker-rage '' perspective which some reviewers have offered.ENERGY & ESSENCE : My review of the movie can be summarized in the headline of this review . Hugh Jackman 's fourth performance as Logan truly is `` The Best There Is . '' Whether it is because the movie 's purpose is to focus solely on Logan , or because Hugh has evolved as an actor , or because Hugh has grown closer to the character . Jackman captures the full emotional bandwidth of the character . The pathos , the irony . the overwhelming sense of loss that comes with over 100 years of life on the planet . Part of Logan 's appeal as a character has been that he is always seeking to become more than what he is . `` Gifted '' with `` powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men , '' he sees himself as an animal `` less than human . '' A Samurai without a master , who sees himself as a `` failed samurai , '' etc. . . The movie , and Jackman 's naturally-enhanced physique and dramatic performance perfectly captures all of that ENERGY of the character.Throughout the movie , Logan is surrounded by people who see either the `` light '' or the `` dark '' in him , and as such , the character is continually pulled in different directions , and tested , and as a result - grows . Whether it is the father who raised him - who sees the best in him , or later in life Kayla Silverfox , who acts as a guiding moral beacon to Logan , reminding him over and over that `` he is not an animal . '' They are -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- outnumbered by those who see the `` dark '' in him , including his mother , Victor and Stryker - the latter two who continually seek to exploit Logan 's dark side to fulfill their own purposes . And Logan himself finds out that focusing too much on his dark side usually results in him paying a price of some sort.PULSING & PUMPING THEMES : Someone once said that a great musical score can elevate a move to `` the next level . '' Part of what DRIVES this `` testosterone-filled '' film is the music . It reaches its successful goal elegantly , and `` dovetails '' perfectly with the on-screen action , supporting it without overpowering it , or drawing disproportionate attention to itself . There is a solid foundation of pulsing rhythms that are tribal in nature . However , much like Logan himself , the music combines the base primal urges with aspirational tones . A mix of classical and contemporary instruments help give certain tracks a nice sharp `` edge . `` Some characters have their own unique `` themes '' yet even these often have a `` hook '' of familiar notes/chords which remind us that these characters all reflect different facets of Logan himself . This often subtle `` echo '' also helps the entire soundtrack hold together as one cohesive entity.All-in-all - Harry Gregson-Williams ' score reflects the pure masculine energy of the character - both his `` light '' and `` dark '' sides as he grows against challenges - internal and external.X-Men Origins
 Not sure why some hate this movie so much . The movie and story is great . It breaks down the origin for people who are not comic book readers in a well-done way . If you were to get the entire origin on film , it would be a tv series not a movie . Action was great , Jackman was great , Sabretooth was great ... The rest of the cast was good ... One problem I have with it is hollywood taking and changing an existing character to create a new one ? You will see . Not sure why they do this when there are so many characters to chose from already .
 Just as good asIron Man -LRB- Two-Disc Special Collectors ' Edition -RRB- , with all the action and origins that I expected , and wished had been , in the first X-Men movie . Although I DO N'T like what they did with Deadpool . Talk about a drastic change from the comic ! Still , a good comic book film . This was what I thought the firstX-Men 1.5 movie should have been . I thought Bryan Singer 's film was much too overrated and found it often boring at times ; at least if paid off by the public receiving the awesomeX2 - X-Men United -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- . And I hope they go through with the rumored Deadpool prequel/sequel movie they have planned ; Ryan Reynolds is awesome!As much as I 'm not too crazy over Marvel characters -LRB- with the exception of Daredevil and the Punisher -RRB- , I do find Wolverine as one of the most intriguing characters in the Marvel universe , even though he is a bit overexposed . He is interesting the same sense as Superman in that he hardly ages and can not be killed by conventional methods . How would that affect someone ? While the topic for both Superman and Wolverine can be dark , it is Supes that takes it lighter than Wolverine . Supes sees death and destruction -LRB- very rarily , but sometimes , by his hand and because of him -RRB- , and while every living being 's death does bother him , he has the inner strength to let go of things past and look to the `` big picture . '' Wolverine , however , sees nothing but death and destruction -LRB- often by his own hand or because of him -RRB- , and it plagues him to no end , even though he pretends to not care . Supes has the convenience of understanding that his alien biology causes his remarkable powers -- it 's who he is , it 's how he was born . On the other hand , Logan 's power -LRB- his bone claws and regenerative healing -RRB- while being from his mutant-born gene , are outweighed by his violated feelings about the adamantium fused to his skeleton as well as the memory tampering by the Weapon X program -LRB- that 's where the movie differs from the comic
 I think this is the best out of the series . it gets down and dirty with awesome sfx and action scenes . The main character has enough depth to be interesting as well as it 's brother . Overall very entertaining . -LRB- It is a comic book conversion , get used to that -RRB- .
 Wow . I really liked this film -- the history of Wolverine 's abilities and the wealth of characters in this version ! Marvel comics never fails to amaze.I guess reading a lot of the other reviews that those people either went to the wrong movie or they are way too difficult to please ! Lower your sky-high expectations people and stop to enjoy fine cinema.I thought it was excellent and had a fine story-line . See it without all the unreasonable expectations . You 'll love it too !
 Okay , first of all let me explain my rating . I gave it 5 stars based on the creativity of the movie . However , based on how loyal it is to the comics , I would give it a 1 . In the movie James Howlett -LRB- Wolverine/Logan -RRB- is actually the son of his mother 's gardener , Mr. Logan , and not Mr. Howlett . In the movie they also make Dog Logan into Victor Creed/Sabretooth . So Sabretooth is Wolverine 's half-brother in the movie . At first Victor and James are the best of friends , then after about 100 years of physically staying in their late 30 's early 40 's , the two brothers go their own way after doing a special operation with Wraith , Bradley/Bolt , Deadpool , a very well built blob , and crazy facist extroidernair , Stryker . So Wolverine quits his dayjob and settles down with his new girlfriend Silverfox . Note
 Liked the movie over all but would liked to have more back history on Logan . The movie did n't do enough of that for me or explain why he could live so long . . But loved Hugh jackman .
 I am a fan of the X Men movies , and had to get the Origins one . It was nice to see them offer it in a set with the other X Men movies in Blu Ray . Great way to quickly update your collection at a reasonable price .
 it is awesome !!!! I saw it in theaters and it was the best movie I have ever seen !!!!
 Great movies and the HD quality makes them even better ! What a deal for the set ! Amazon rocks !
 In X1 there was the attempt by Magneto -LRB- played superbly by Ian McKellan -RRB- to convert humans to mutants . In X2 it was a plot by a corrupt Fed named Stryker to kill all the mutants using Xavier -LRB- Patrick Stewart -RRB- . In X3 a `` cure '' is found that makes all mutants human.Cure indeed . Who said the mutants were sick ? Such is the view of the mutant self-proclaimed leader Magneto . In the final chapter , Magneto fears that the `` cure '' will be forced upon the mutant population and wages war against the source of the cure with the aim to destroy it and anything that gets in his and his loyal followers way.All three movies are suspenseful and exciting . No bathroom break urges in these films -LRB- unless you 're watching all of the movies in one sitting ! -RRB- . New mutants are hatched in each film and some of our favorite mutants are dispatched -LRB- quite early on in X3 -RRB- . Special effects are 5-stars . Acting is 5-Stars . Movies are 5-stars . Then along comes X-Men Origins
 I 'm not the first person to review this movie , and I 'm certain I wo n't be the last . I WILL stand with many of the other reviewers who encourage a more `` balanced '' perspective of the film , and not the `` berzerker-rage '' perspective which some reviewers have offered.ENERGY & ESSENCE : My review of the movie can be summarized in the headline of this review . Hugh Jackman 's fourth performance as Logan truly is `` The Best There Is . '' Whether it is because the movie 's purpose is to focus solely on Logan , or because Hugh has evolved as an actor , or because Hugh has grown closer to the character . Jackman captures the full emotional bandwidth of the character . The pathos , the irony . the overwhelming sense of loss that comes with over 100 years of life on the planet . Part of Logan 's appeal as a character has been that he is always seeking to become more than what he is . `` Gifted '' with `` powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men , '' he sees himself as an animal `` less than human . '' A Samurai without a master , who sees himself as a `` failed samurai , '' etc. . . The movie , and Jackman 's naturally-enhanced physique and dramatic performance perfectly captures all of that ENERGY of the character.Throughout the movie , Logan is surrounded by people who see either the `` light '' or the `` dark '' in him , and as such , the character is continually pulled in different directions , and tested , and as a result - grows . Whether it is the father who raised him - who sees the best in him , or later in life Kayla Silverfox , who acts as a guiding moral beacon to Logan , reminding him over and over that `` he is not an animal . '' They are -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- outnumbered by those who see the `` dark '' in him , including his mother , Victor and Stryker - the latter two who continually seek to exploit Logan 's dark side to fulfill their own purposes . And Logan himself finds out that focusing too much on his dark side usually results in him paying a price of some sort.PULSING & PUMPING THEMES : Someone once said that a great musical score can elevate a move to `` the next level . '' Part of what DRIVES this `` testosterone-filled '' film is the music . It reaches its successful goal elegantly , and `` dovetails '' perfectly with the on-screen action , supporting it without overpowering it , or drawing disproportionate attention to itself . There is a solid foundation of pulsing rhythms that are tribal in nature . However , much like Logan himself , the music combines the base primal urges with aspirational tones . A mix of classical and contemporary instruments help give certain tracks a nice sharp `` edge . `` Some characters have their own unique `` themes '' yet even these often have a `` hook '' of familiar notes/chords which remind us that these characters all reflect different facets of Logan himself . This often subtle `` echo '' also helps the entire soundtrack hold together as one cohesive entity.All-in-all - Harry Gregson-Williams ' score reflects the pure masculine energy of the character - both his `` light '' and `` dark '' sides as he grows against challenges - internal and external.X-Men Origins
 Dare I say , better than the original 3 movies of X-Men ? At least for me it is as good , if not more interesting . The only thing I felt was that some of the `` Effects '' were a little cheaply done by today 's standards . Such as his claws once he gets them replaced with adamantium . They were to shiny and to make it more realistic , they could 've had more reflection in them . They were too perfect.The story was very good . Telling the origins of how he grew up as a mutant and well I wo n't spoil much , but how him and Beast were both involved in each other 's lives . Very cool . So in reality , we saw the origins of both Beast and Wolverine . Sooo coool . There are even appearances of characters that are in the original X-men . This movie delivers full on action . I recommend this movie to be part of any super hero library.The quality of the Blue Ray is just AMAZING !! Every frame is stunningly presented and the sound was fantastic as well . Great quality , great movie .
 Wow ! 5 of 5 stars for this X-men movie ! Great story , great characters , extremely well created movie ! Action , sci-fi , characters , scenses , wow ! OK , I am a fan of the X-men series of movies -LRB- 1 to 3 -RRB- . Now this installment gives the history of the key character Wolverine , from young kid just discovering his mutant skills to his time at war -LRB- from WWI to Viet Nam -RRB- . This is a must watch movie ; oh , Blu-Ray makes a big difference !! This is now on my favorite movie list !
 If you like comic books turned to movies you 'll like this . X-Men Orgins Wolverine is the best of the 4 in my opinion , action scenes are better , but the trilogy pack has a better storyline . Wolverine 's flashbacks in the Trilogy series is n't exactly like Orgins , but its close enough to work . This is a set where if you are good at picking up on little things , why the people are how they are is explained . There is some comedy thrown in through out also , like when Wolverine complains about there black suits and Cyclops says `` would you rather it be yellow spandex ? '' Not the best movies ever but pretty good .
 when i ordered the product i thought i was getting a blu ray edition ... i was wrong ... might have been my fault but i was dissappointed
 When i first saw that this movie was coming out , i didnt have high hopes for it at all . i thought they were gunna ruin it like they do w / other series of movies . but i was completely wrong , and gladly take back my negative thoughts of it.i was blown away w / this movie . it definitely gave the element of surprise with a few twists and a big give a way near the end.definitely check it out its worth it !
 very cool movie . Lots of great action , and life background information . I never before realised that Volverine could be imortal ! I enjoyed seeing how Professor X found the Xmen , too ! The storyline was very interesting thru-out . I would really enjoy seeing more Xmen Origins moivies . This one was very well done .
 the movie was awsome so was hugh it was alot better than the first ones.gambit could have been better needs a better accent like the gambit in the cartoon .
 This movie was made really well . I love how they told the store on how he became wolervine .
 A superb dvd for anyone who loves X-Man books . My whole family have watched it three times . It get bettrer with each watching .
 It 's not just that this movie is more filled with eye-popping effects and thrilling action sequences than the trilogy , though that 's true . Rather , it 's that there 's a whole story here . Wolverine starts fast , and springboards from the long-running Marvel Comics series in breath-taking ways . It 's a multi-faceted tale with an emotional richness seldom associated with the phrase `` summer movie . '' For good reason , we equate summer movies with empty , flash-bang exercises in computer-generated imagery and mindless action . But the writers here are as interested in the subtext as they are in the high quality action . There 's no denying that mutant super-powers drive this film . This is what state-of-the-art special effects look like
 Wolverine , X-Men Origins , was a very good movie that answered a lot of questions concerning Logan 's start in life . While it was not a critical success , it was an enjoyable waste of time that is exactly what I got to the movies and buy DVD 's . I enjoyed it and I hope that you will too .
 I 'm a huge fan of the entire X-Men genre . This movie focuses on the necessary who , what where , when and why that should have been addressed in the original movie , but remained only hinted at concerning Wolverine 's mysterious past . This movie -LRB- Finally ! -RRB- brings in the other characters that all X-Men fans anxiously await with breathless eagerness -- Gambit , Sabertooth , Silverfox are just to name a few . Non stop action , thrills and one hell of an action film !
 I thought this movie was fantastic ! Maybe the ones giving it 1 star should go back to watching Goonies !
 despite all the character issues , this movie rocks ... I 'm not a lightweight when it comes to film , so take that in to consideration.If you can ignore all the complaints and just enjoy the film , you wo n't be disappointed ... it 's a quality movie that has top notch acting and is filmed well ... the fx are very good and it 's very polished as a film . .5 stars !
 I loved X-men but , like other reviewers , thought The Last Stand was a joke . So glad I made an effort to see X-Men Origins
 Awesome movie to watch in Blu ray !!! If you are a X-Men fan then this is a must have !!
 I have a view on when to and when not to buy blu-rays . Unless it has action and is a very intense movie with lots of effects and sounds , I just go with the standard DVD . So knowing that this would fall into the category of a blu-ray buy , I bought the trilogy and the new Wolverine . Well Worth it !!! The graphics were fantastic and the audio was perfect . The movies were great as well , but if you 're reading this you 're already convinced to buy the movies , you 're just deciding if it 's worth the blu-ray price . I would say if you 're watching it on a standard definition -LRB- or even a HD -RRB- set that is less than 30 '' -36 '' then it really does n't matter all that much . If your going big -LRB- I 'm on a 63 '' -RRB- then definitely go with the blu-ray , no questions . Hope that helps .
 Kayla used her powers to trick Logan into thinking she was dead . Nuff said . Except that this is one of the best action films ever made , up there with Desperado . Pure escapist entertainment . I love The Dark Knight , but that was a crime saga . This is fantasy action . And good fantasy action at that !
 I loved it because I love Hugh Jackman . I am not a big action movie fan , but I 'm sure I will watch it many times .
 Marvel comics X-Men character Wolverine gets his own movie X-Men Origins : Wolverine.The movie originally released in North America in May/2009 stars Hugh Jackman as , of course , Wolverine and a fine job he does reprising his role as the fearsome mutant.Legendary comic writer/creator Stan Lee is also back in the production department.The story starts out back in the 1800s as we see two brothers in a room , one sick in bed -LRB- it appears as an on going issue -RRB- and the other at his side.A man comes in to comfort him and soon has to leave abruptly as there is a commotion downstairs.Not too long after a shot rings out and his `` father `` lays dead on the floor.The `` sick '' boy comes out to witness the scene and leaps in rage at the man who appeared to kill his father and kills him.It turns out he has just killed his real father who had come to get his son.The man on the floor was a doctor of some type who had done experiments on his brother and himself.The boys flee their `` home '' for good.The movie progresses ahead through time as the brothers reach manhood and are seen in various wars , world and otherwise ; very little aging having taken place.The last war they engage in is the Vietnam War as the Wolverine 's brother Victor -LRB- Liev Schreiber -RRB- has gotten them both into hot water.After a military firing squad fails to dispatch the pair they are recruited from jail to join a black ops project , which turns out to be a mutant squad.The head of this project is one Col.Stryker -LRB- Dan Huston -RRB- . Time passes and Stryker 's team is in Nigeria finding out the origins to a mysterious piece of metal called adamantium.It is on this mission that Wolverine calls it quits.Wolverine goes to Canada and leaves the life of a humble lumberjack.In the meantime the black ops mission he left has not stopped but actually stepped up its protocol.They fake the Wolverine 's fiancee 's death in order for him to become so bent on revenge that he submits to being injected with an admantium compound.He becomes experiment # 10 , and a successful one at that.He goes after his brother Victor but it turns out Victor is just a red herring.Col.Stryker as usual is the one pulling all the strings.In fact Stryker has been rounding up mutants the world over and depositing them on an island which we later learn turns out to be the infamous nuclear reactor facility of Three Mile Island.The Wolverine makes his way there and in the resulting struggles manages to free all of the captive mutants.His brother Victor , who has been popping in and out of the plot , helps the Wolverine to defeat experiment # 11 ; a composite not only of the Wolverine but of some of the other captive mutants held there.The captives manage to find their way out of the facilities and who should be waiting in a stealth helicopter outside , but Xavier himself -LRB- Patrick Stewart -RRB- . Meantime Col.Stryker has created some admantium bullets to stop the Wolverine with.While they do n't kill him the Colonel pops two into his brain which causes a terrible memory loss.The movie ends with the Wolverine on his own , confused and fleeing the authorities who arrive on the scene.The movie , while not jam packed with weird and wonderful mutants showing off their wares like the previous X-Men films -LRB- which I can see would a problem with those expecting this -RRB- , still has many wonderful and exciting moments throughout as the pace/plot winds its way to its inevitable conclusion.We certainly see a more human side to this character and we have much more empathy for him now that we know where he came from and why.Jackman , et al , do a wonderful job in their parts and the special effects are top notch.Technically speaking the movie has been transferred well and is in its original a/r of 2:35:1 . The trailer is packaged here along with a featurette on the origins of the Wolverine in the comics and movies.All in all a recommended movie for all fans of the other X-Men films.The movie is fast paced , has some nice action tucked here and there and the S/FX are great.Recommended .
 I had read the graphic novel Wolverine Origins some years ago . I thought it was one of the better graphic novels out there . Having written that , agreed , this film has absolutely nothing in common with it . I sure like the cast and story though . To me , Ryan Reynolds -LRB- THE PROPOSAL -RRB- was very funny and a real scene stealer with his mercenary character and beyond -LRB- he may well have stolen a good portion of this film -RRB- . Not an easy thing to accomplish in this field of fine actors . I enjoyed all the guys in that crew . I 'm a huge fan of Danny Huston -LRB- JOHN ADAMS , THE NUMBER 23 , 30 DAYS OF NIGHT , EDGE OF DARKNESS and so on -RRB- . Hugh is , well , Hugh . I 've really enjoyed his various performances and this one is no exception . I like the unintentionally funny shots as well as the humorous script . I like this dark but flawed story a good deal . Sad stuff happens . It 's wrenching . If you like any or all of the folks involved , give it a try on BLU-ray . At least Red Box it . It 's great entertainment , to my mind . Oh , and its got the always excellent Liev Shreiber in a juicy role he really sinks his teeth into . Zero is fun . There again , i like the whole cast . Check it out .
 Hugh Jackman is an outstanding actor and in this film , X-Men Origins
 I loved this movie when I saw it in the theater , and still love the movie . Hugh Jackman is beautiful .
 This movie is a pre-quel to all of the X-Men with Wolverine -LRB- would n't that be all of them ? -RRB- Goes into excellent details as to how his story began . So far ... of all of them ... it 's my favorite .
 swaswa swsed dese d f frde rf dx sws exdgt gt cd xsx vf t jij imyg rd xsed hy g cde
 workd very good i greatly enjoyed the film no errors or issues was very clean and good to my collection
 I liked it better then the first ones and usually a series like this goes down hill the longer it runs . Try the Avengers for a film with great special effects . Love to bring back the people that produced the old Flash Gordon series and let them see how far special effects have come . Woops showing my age now .
 Personally , I do not like Hugh Jackman at all . But no question regardless of my personal feelings , he embodies the essence of Wolverine from the comics . Marvel movies have -LRB- mostly -RRB- been done very well , and this one is no exception .
 Like many Generation X'rs , I 'm a big fan of the XMen . I saw , and subsequently purchased , all three previous XMen titles and thoroughly enjoyed them . I think in those cases it was nice to see how the characters were discovered and how they grew in the XMen Universe.In the case of this first `` Origins '' picture , I think many of us really wanted to see how the `` legend of the animal '' -LRB- Wolverine -RRB- would play out on the big screen , well in this case , the flat screen plasma . I for one welcomed the chance to see how the characters would come together . In a word , the characters fell `` FLAT '' . Aside from Sabretooth , the other characters were not fleshed out very well . Yes , Stan Lee and Company probably assumed that most people read the XMen comics and know the backstories and bi-lines of each character in the movie . I 'm going from the standpoint here of someone who did not , though in all honesty , I do.In my opinion , too much was crammed into too little screen time , resulting in a poorly executed mess , with great visual and audio effects . Yes , we just HAD to see :1 -RRB- the half-brother link between Wolverine and Sabretooth and how they fought in so many wars over like a hundred year timeframe2 -RRB- how Wolverine and the special strike team -LRB- team X -RRB- came into existence and what types of special ops assignments they carried out3 -RRB- Wolverines relationship with mutant girl-friend Silver Fox4 -RRB- how Gambit and Wolverine made acquaintance5 -RRB- how DeadPool was created and so much more.The thing is , it would have been nice to stretch the movie out perhaps an extra 20 or 30 minutes and really , really dig deeper into each situation while making the segue 's less jarring and difficult to handle . The movie was a mere 109 minutes . An extra 20 or 30 minutes would not have made the movie unbearable . I mean , many movies in the theaters nowadays are about 2 - 21/2 hours long anyway.Like the previous 3 XMen movies , XMen Origin 's action was top notch . The CG effects were done almost perfectly and believably . Well , let me rephrase that . The CG effects were believable MOST of the times . 2 times that come to mind that are laughably cheesy are 1 -RRB- when Wolverine 's adamantium claws in certain shots looked like poor , cartoony paper renditions of metal and 2 -RRB- the diamondesque exterior of Emma Frost looked like a 4 year old child with loads of Elmer 's Glue , `` Bedazzle Beads '' and silver glitter was unleashed onto the actress . If you have a decent surround sound setup , your sub -LRB- s -RRB- and surround speakers will truly be exhausted come the ending credits.Some of the mutant characters that make an appearance in this film -LRB- in no particular order -RRB- are : WOLVERINESABRETOOTHDEADPOOLSILVER FOXTHE BLOB/FRED DUKESAGENT ZERO/MAVERICKJOHN WRAITH/KESTRELBOLTEMMA FROSTCYCLOPSAll in all , after considering the character development , storyline , special effects , backstory , video transfer and audio options , I give this DVD a 4 out of 5 .
 I love this movie as well as the introduction of new characters throughout it . The downside to Wolverine and First Class is certain things do n't match up . What I mean by that is the ending of both or portrayed differently with Professor Xavier so it is hard to factor what happened first and why it does n't make sense.This movie explains how Wolverine got his adamantium claws and his relationship with ` Sabretooth ' . All actors in the movie did a fantastic job doing their part . If you are a big fan of Marvel , you need to add this to the collection as well as the other installments .
 A very believable story line to describe the origin of wolverine.I hope that they make more prequel movies to describe other Marvel Characters .
 `` X-Men Origins Wolverine '' is a cool movie . This movie depicts how Logan became Wolverine . This movie 's action scenes are a lot better than the X-Men films . When people are fighting you feel like the cast and crew put a lot of work in it . When I watched the X-Men films I did n't feel that way . Continuing on the sound , acting , and other movie related things were good . The special features are interesting and cool to watch . There 's also a digital copy disc . I give `` X-Men Origins Wolverine '' BD an A rating .
 The film starts in 1845 and by the time the credits is over , it is up to date . Wolverine and his brother are recruited to fight in a special mutant force . The mutants are never introduced . There is an assumption you know these characters from previous movies or comics . I would not recommend this film as an introduction to X-Men . The special forces are more brutal than what Wolverine wants to be . `` This is n't what we signed up for , '' he says as he walks out . He becomes a Canadian and lives quietly like as a lumber jack . His brother is on a rampage ... and Wolverine 's life becomes disrupted . He must once again fight , only this time he is stronger and is more of a killer.The movie ties in nicely with the other 4 X-Men movies , which should be viewed to get an overall picture , which is difficult to obtain in this film alone . The acting was sufficient . Good CG , super action and fighting . It has plot twists , so pay attention . The movie sprinkles in the right amount of humor , drama , and truisms into the dialouge to make it a fun watch .
 X-Men Origins Wolverine was released in theatres on May 1 , 2009 , available on DVD September 15 , 2009 , and directed by Gavin Hood . Starring Hugh Jackman , Liev Schreiber , Danny Huston and Dominic Monaghan , X-Men Origins Wolverine is the story before X-Men . It charts the beginnings for Wolverine also known as James Logan.When Logan , played by Jackman , accidentally kills his own father in a fit of rage and is looked upon as a freak by his mother , he leaves home to find his place in the world . With the help of his half-brother , Victor , better known as Sabertooth -LRB- Schreiber -RRB- , Wolverine embarks on a journey through wars and time to fight the forces of evil . Sabertooth soon becomes consumed with bloodlust and in disgust , Wolverine sets out on his own.Years later , a mutant killer is on the loose and the government needs Wolverine 's help to stop him . The indestructible Wolverine is then created . Inevitably , Wolverine is betrayed by those closest to him and he is then forced to take revenge & free the other enslaved mutants.I absolutely enjoyed this movie . It was in-your-face exciting and the fight scenes were amazing and well choreographed . Wolverine was action-packed from start to finish and it answered so many questions about where Wolverine came from before joining the X-Men . I would recommend this movie to all ages , young and old . You will be on the edge of your seat and hungry for the next installment of this fantastic series . If the astonishing action scenes do n't keep you utterly enthralled then the story line will!WebbWeaver ReviewsI had a hard time deciding on the WebbWeaver rating I would give Wolverine ... it is that good ! Pick up this flick today ; you will not be disappointed .
 This movie gave the backstory of Wolverine . I found it interesting and it answered some of the questions about how he came to be who he is . It has plenty of action , but also heart.However , to be honest , I like all the X-Men movies a lot so I may be prejudiced !
 Those who have followed the X-men trilogy know that Wolverine has some mysterious history , but lacks memory of any of it . This movie explores his history , which is much deeper than anyone could have possibly expected . We know that he has experienced a process by which adamantium was bonded to his bones , but what we did n't know is that , even before he underwent those experiments , he was ... different.We meet Wolverine as a child , along with his differently-abled brother , and watch them grow up , always on the move to prevent local people from catching on.As in the other X-men films there is something of a formula , by now well honed
 The best price around . And sometimes when you buy cheap you get cheap , but not here . In mint condition and shipping was fast with a honest price . Very , very happy with purchase .
 This movie was unjustly reviewed . I like it . I like the whole series and this is an integral part of the story . That it got thumbs down is good news for us fans because it is reflected in a cheaper price , and you got ta like that . Buy it . Watch it . It 's entertaining from start to end .
 I bought this for a friend 's gift . He loves it ! Great price for a great gift !
 I was worried that I would not like this movie as much as all the other X-Men movies , but it is a really good movie . It is not like the style of all the other movies which helped me to like it more .
 I have always enjoyed the X-Men cartoons and movies , however only occasionally read the comics . I had fun watching this movie and enjoyed the action , no it is n't going to win awards , but it provided enough entertainment that I will watch it again . As far as the transfer goes , the quality of the Blu-ray is great for both the video and audio quality . Additionally , I like these Blu-ray movies that come with the Digital Copy as it lets me take the movie with me when I travel to have my own entertainment instead of paying at a hotel or watching a movie I do n't enjoy on a flight .
 I LOVE THIS MOVIE ! Hugh Jackman is the best wolverine ! It is fantastic along with all of the other X Men movies . I highly recommend this movie and the rest of the movies .
 X-Men Origins Wolverine is a good action movie with great fight scenes between all the characters . Also has some amazing special effects in mutiple scenes , plus another aspect I enjoyed about the movie was the backstory on finding out how Wolverine got his name from . Also another good point in the movie was the flashback to the wars make the scenes so real with the fliming . But if your a X-Men fan in general or die hardcore fan then pick this movie up and watch how the character Wolverine came about from both what you already know and what info you may not know yet . One bonus note to add if you have other mutants you like from the series a few of them are inculded in this movie like Gambit , Cyclops , and so forth .
 It is a pretty good movie , but not my favorite . Mostly a back story for a couple of the characters from the other movies .
 Awesome movie but i wish it had Magneto and Mystique in it they are my two personal favorites . I like Pyro too . Team Villains !!
 My wife is a MARVEL fan and she loves all the MARVEL characters . I get every move they make when it comes out . When she is happy , I 'm happy ...
 Marvel has done a great job doing all of the super hero movies whether it 's the X-Men to Iron Man . The Wolverine movie is no exception . I 've been a marvel comic fan and collector for decades and even though these movies are n't linear to the comics , they 're definitly worth it .
 A fan of wolverine will love this movie . The only downside is that this movie does n't have a strong enough plot . And there was n't a satisfying ending . I love wolverine but this could have had a better plot .
 Fantastic story and action . Hugh Jackman was great as Wolverine . Well worth an HD Rental , and a must for anyone into the Comic Book Movie genre .
 This movie is a little bit darker and a lot more cerebrel than the first three . Aside from that it is pretty good . We enjoyed it .
 The latest installment from Hugh Jackman and the X-Men crew is a good action flick . I was hoping to continue to see the other cast members more though . You know , the ones from the previous films .
 I have to say i 'm not a huge x-men fan . So i really dont know much about the characters or the series itself . I 'm more of a DC comics fan . Anyway , i 've seen all the previous x-men films and usually while watching them i got rather bored because there wer just too many characters and too much storyline for me to follow -LRB- however i did watch them years and years ago , i may give them another shot though -RRB- . Anyway , i really liked the entire cast . I love Hugh Jackman , Ryan Reynolds , Liev and i def coulda used soem more Taylor Kitsch . I just liked the storyline , the beginning was great . What a great opportunity to see where Wolverine came from . I like taht Wolverine has a story and has emotion , however i 'm at a loss cos i always kinda saw wolverine as a torn character between good and evil kinda . but he seems to kinda not be as violent as i 'd imagined.well at any rate , 4 stars for me . i will def watch this one again
 I like the X-Man series of films and this one continues the entertainment . Hugh Jackman is great in the part and the movie looks incredible in blue-ray . KenWebmasterAbout Facts Net
 I AM VERY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE BECAUSE ARRIVED WITHIN THE PROMISED TIME AND CONDITIONS . PRICE WORTH IT
 I think this is one of the best action films ever made . Up there with Desperado . Hugh Jackman is like a young Clint Eastwood . Hybrid do some of the soundtrack . The fight scenes are spectacular . Do n't be a hater .
 The blueray version of this movie is outstanding with lots of extras GREAT Buy !
 I was not one of the people that followed the comic books just the tv show . So I never knew how Wolverine be came Wolverine and I always wondered how it happened . This movie explains it and I think they did a great job with the movie .
 Great movie , excellent picture in the blu ray format , I 'm looking forward to purchasing Star Trek & Transformers II when it comes out next week .
 Love it . It was n't anything tremendously new in the story line but it did `` flesh '' out the characters .
 We get to see rad movies like this ! I freakin love it . If you like comic book movies go see this one , its awesome ! they could have had a few more characters play a bigger part , but I loved it , from beggining to end . Excelent . Wolverine is rad ,
 Hey all ... I have read over a view of the previous reviews & talked with a lot of people that have viewed this film in the theaters ... I have also seen the movie myself 2 times ... I can understand a few of the complaints about not sticking to original comics or stories etc. . . However , the movie was very good ... The acting , special effects , story , and characters was all excellent !!! The story leads up to0 , or very close to0 where the 1st xmen movie took off ... I can not wait to see this movie again ... I will definately buy it , and would highly reccomend it for the action and more ... I have heard there will be another Wolverine movie as well , so look for it ... Thanks ...
 My hubby and I saw this on the same day that we saw `` Star Trek '' in the theater - we watched `` Wolverine '' first , and then we saw `` Star Trek '' - and I was MUCH more impressed by this film ! -LRB- NOT that I 'm comparing `` Origins '' with `` Star Trek '' - they 're obviously 2 totally different films - but I was completely pumped up after leaving the `` X-Men '' theater , and then was fairly quickly deflated once I settled into `` Star Trek . '' -RRB- Anyway , if you want a major adrenaline rush ; if you want really awesome special effects and stunts ; and most importantly , if you want some honest and fantastic acting , then `` X-Men Origins
 I have yet to watch it , but the important thing is it was delivered in a timely manner and in fine condition ; which is all I ask . I Thank you for your expedience .
 This movie was pretty good but it does n't follow the comics and is quite rediculous at time . In the original story line , Wolverine was the only member of the X-Men that was n't born with powers but actually gained these powers as a military experiment to build a super solder . And the bone claws are just rediculous . If you can get past these flubs , the movie is pretty good with a lot of action and a decent story line -LRB- though I kept being reminded that this was not the original story line -RRB- . Though I like the X-Men franchise , I believe they could have done a much better job with this movie with just a little more effort . Most of the poeple on these movies do n't actually care about the original stories , they just want the name recognition so they can get better jobs , to hell with the story .
 X-Men Origins
 Best one of the X-men movies - brings all of them together . Couple of things leave you wondering how they figure in together . But all in all it was my favorite of the four X-men movies .
 I enjoyed the movie . . Lot 's of action and quite entertaining ... If you are looking for Academy Award winning stuff , this one 's not for you . Hugh Jackman rocks as Wolverine !!
 One of the my personal favorites . This one really gives a satisfying story about not just the origins of wolverine , but of all the X-MEN & more !! XD
 Loved this movie . Lots of action and kept me interested the whole time . I really enjoyed getting the backstory .
 I ca n't say i am a huge fan of X-Men , but i really enjoyed this movie . Would recommend this movie to everyone , even if you do n't like X-Men . .
 I love using this Seller for all my DDV 's future purchases due to their price and free shipping ... It allows me to buy ahead of time before the DVD comes out for sale . All I have to do is wait a few days after it comes out and I get the best price in town and on web guaranted ... I would recommend this system of buying to anyone .
 The combo pack of this movie arrived promptly and all three discs worked and played fine . 4 stars.Thank you.Have a nice day .
 X-Men Origins
 Hope they make more before HJ gets to old to play Wolverine always my favorite character in the x-men growing up . Entire comic book series on just him . Great movie , looking forward to more .
 Well , It 's not the Wolverine I grew up with , I do n't think . Hollywood really Hollyized the X-men . It fits in well with the Hollywood version or the X-men . It makes a good movie but it 's not the Wolverine I grew up with . Still , I watch it over and over . I hope they keep Avengers close than they did the X-men . Spiderman was real good and the changes to Fantastic Four were brilliant . Nothing was as close to the books as Daredevil and Electra , I thought Electra used the comic for storyboards . Why did n't the ecknowledge Frank Miller ? Sad .
 To be fair , I 'm a big fan of the Marvel films -LRB- including Spidey 3 , Daredevil , Fantastic Fo ... anyway -RRB- . As a Marvel Film and -LRB- unofficially -RRB- the fourth X-Men film , `` Origins '' delves deep into the history of fan favorite , Wolverine , and opens the floor to ideas for similar `` Origins '' movies . Treated as its own entity or even as an extension to the film franchise , this movie was a great Summer blockbuster for 2009 and proved its worth to the Marvel library . However , for as great as the action was and how nice it was to see Wolverine 's rise to become the mutant that he is , there are a few inconsistencies -LRB- I know this because I never read the comics but played the games and watched the TV shows enough that even I could spot a couple -RRB- : - Fred `` The Blob '' Dukes was never a member of Department H ; he never worked alongside Wolverine . His allegiance was always to the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants-James and Heather Hudson -LRB- the couple whom , true to form , helped Logan in the film -RRB- were not old retirees ; they were mutants who worked for Alpha Flight -LRB- where Wolverine served for a time -RRB- . - Deadpool was known as the `` Merc With the Mouth '' for a reason . Yet , from the moment he becomes Deadpool , his mouth is sewn shut.On a side note -LRB- having mentioned members of Department H -RRB- , was the character of `` Bradley '' -LRB- the guy who could manipulate electronics -RRB- based off a character that Marvel had previously created -LRB- I found his character interesting and would like to know -RRB- . The same question as above applies to the character played by Will . I. Am -LRB- the teleporter -RRB- . It 's not really important but their characters interested me and I wondered if they were based off of the comics or were just made for the movie?I digress . These were the comics/television series . '' ... Origins ... '' is Hollywood 's take on the lore of another of Marvel 's more popular heroes . And , in that regard , respect is given where respect is due . I loved all three of the original X-Men films and my response to '' ... Origins ... '' is no different .
 Finally they made a movie about wolverine and Gambit is finally in an X-Men Movie . This movie is great Hugh jackman is awesome . i love this movie . i hope they do another one . if you have not seen this movie then you should
 Movie was good . The case was damaged during shipping but the BLU-Ray was ok .
 THIS WAS PROBABLY THE BEST OF THE XMEN SERIES , GREAT PLOT AND GREAT ACTION SEQUENCES ... THE STORY OF WOLVERINE AND SABRETOOTH IS SO MUCH MORE CLEAR AFTER THIS INSTALLMENT , VERY WELL PUT TOGETHER ... NOTHING MORE TO SAY REALLY
 i really enjoyed this movie , saw it in the theater and now am a proud owner of the blu-ray ! great cast and hope there is more to come ! 5 STARS !
 Excellent service ... Ordered WOlverine and received it in about 2 days ... Great movie ... Will order again . . thanks
 I 'm not going to review the movie . That 's been done elsewhere . I just want to say that I just finished watching it for the first time -LRB- 10/23/2009 -RRB- . Why did I wait so long ? Because the `` critics '' and some fan-boys of the X-men comics said it was n't any good . Well , so it did n't follow the comic book perfectly . Who cares ? The X-men movies took liberties , too . This is a terrific movie ! Good story , good acting , plenty of action , and even -LRB- gasp -RRB- good characterization , too ! Rent it ! Buy it ! Let 's have some more X-men movies ! Where the heck is X-men 4 ? P.S. I gave it 4 stars because I only give 5 stars to absolutely exceptional movies .
 From the production style to the acting to the music to the story ... This is a mammoth and amazing film . As well executed as any of the other X-Men films ... but the core is much darker and more intense . I ca n't recommend this film enough , it 's really great . -LRB- Even the opening titles had me completely entranced and won over . -RRB-
 I bought this movie for my boyfriends birthday and he loved it !! The quality of the product was good and the delivery time was fast .
 First off , I 'm not what you 'd call a fanboy . If you think that invalidates my opinion of this film and that 's going to put you off reading this review , then so long and happy trails , pilgrim.That said , I know of `` The X Men '' - read some of the comics as a kid , can identify the characters and had soaked up some vague knowledge of `` Wolverine 's '' origins from somewhere . I saw the first `` X Men '' film at the cinema -LRB- yawned and winced my way through it -RRB- , saw the second one on DVD -LRB- yawned and winced my way through that as well -RRB- and unintentionally saw the third one on TV over the weekend -LRB- and actually quite enjoyed it , the change of director , the increasing moral ambiguity and the increased level of peril to the muties made for a much more enjoyable experience -RRB- . I initially had no desire to see `` Wolverine '' , but the change in tone of the third film made me think that there might be something in it . So I rented it.My Two Cents?Its good stuff . Let me qualify that . Its good stuff if you 're in the mood for a big , dumb , CGI filled Hollywood blockbuster -LRB- which was actually filmed in NSW - go skips ! -RRB- in which lots of things blow up . The fact that it 's an origin tale also helped as I 'm a sucker for a good origin story.Hugh Jackman , by his own admission , wanted to take this one to darker places and he does so with aplomb . He also has the perfect foil in Liev Schrieber 's `` Sabretooth '' , who turns out to be the catalyst that ultimately sends him down the road to becoming the man with the cuisinart claws . It has some nice twists in it and some great cameos by other mutants that I vaguely remembered from sunny afternoons spent reading Marvel comics in the back-garden as a child . There 's also a deeply amusing riff on the nature of what really happened at `` Three Mile Island '' . That said , I did wince twice -LRB- did we really need the glib shot of Wolfboy walking away stone-faced from an exploding helicopter or the obligatory crane shot of him looking up to the sky and yelling `` NOOOOOOOOOO !!! '' at the heavens ? I mean , come on - those were already bad cliches when both the universe AND Dick Clark were young -RRB- Will you enjoy it?Well , take the following as a litmus test.I 've hated all three of the `` Spiderman '' films , the first two `` X-Men '' films and the first `` Hulk '' movie.However , I really , really enjoyedIron Man -LRB- Two-Disc Special Collectors ' Edition -RRB- and really enjoyedThe Incredible Hulk -LRB- Three-Disc Special Edition -RRB- -LRB- the one with Ed Norton where , you know , you actually got to see the Hulk smash some stuff up ? -RRB- and quite enjoyed this film.So my cards are on the table and from them you can make your own call , hombre .
 Hugh JACKMAN hAS DONE IT AGAIN . This is a fast moving DVD . The action starts right from the start , and the action does n't stop until the end . I highly recomend this DVD for all action lovers
 This is one of the best summer movie of 2009 by far . I loved this movie and since its arrival have played it 10 times . I recommend this video for any avid comic book lover and action film enthusiast . From the beginning the movie has pristine color and amazing special effects and blu-ray only adds to the crispness of the film . Its a definite must for anyones collection , and not only did it come with the blu-ray disc but it also came with the digital copy to add to my ipod so i can take it anywhere
 From the very start to the very end this movie keeps you engrossed . It explains the beginning of Wolverine and lays the groundwork for the other stories that we have already seen in the X-Men series . Hugh Jackman does a great job portraying Logan who becomes `` Wolverine '' .
 Great Price ! The picture great ! It was the first time I had ever watched any of the movies . Starting with Wolverine , I watched them all in order , I loved them all ! Great buy !
 I bought this cause I love wolverine and I adore Hugh Jackman . It 's was great I loved the picture quality and the special effects .
 duh , loved it , being a big comic fan its hard not to . it lived up to the quality of the other xmen flics . i actually had my 12yr old daughter save her money and told me thats what she wanted so i wanting it also didnt think twice , and amazon has the best pricing , and the amazon prime gives me free two day shipping , cant beat it
 I love this movie was n't sure at first but not bad watchable and I love the action . With that out of the way ladies how hot and sexy was Hugh Jackman and Ryan Reynolds . There was a time Ryan was skinny but now wow ... . But great action was always a fan off the xmen comics cartoon and now movies .
 1 . I like most have watched the prior 3 Xmen DVDs and this is the best by far .2 . Unlike the other films , this film is focused solely on Wolverine and thus the writing / storyline is much more in depth and sophisticated . In many ways it 's akin to Batman Begins . A definite must see for all Xmen fans .
 Over the course of the `` X-Men '' trilogy there has been one constant story thread that has been touched upon , yet it 's never been fully explored . For those of you that have watched the series , then you most likely know exactly what I 'm referring to ... the origin of the most popular mutant of all , Logan/Wolverine . Finally , after three highly successful films chronicling the adventures of the X-Men team , 20th Century Fox has chosen to spin-off Wolverine into his own movie and potential franchise by providing his official origin story with `` X-Men Origins
 Whether you loved it or hated it , I think most people can agree that Hugh Jackman is perfect for the role of Wolverine . His performances have satisfied the Wolverine lover in me since X-Men 1 . Many people have complained about this film , but I find little to complain about . For me , it was entertaining throughout . You do have to suspend disbelief a lot , but that is the nature of comic book superhero films . They have spectacular powers , and display them often . It is really fun to watch . I 'm glad they got to include Gambit in this movie , who was n't present in the X-Men Trilogy . I think he 's a really cool character.And of course , there 's Logan , A.K.A. Wolverine . I liked that you got to see him as a boy with bone claws . After all , it is an origin film . Without giving away the story , I can say that if you were wondering how he goes from bone claw kid to adamantium-laced superhero , this movie covers that.Good special effects , lots of action , a large group of superheroes showcasing their abilities , if you are a fan of these things you 'll probably like the movie , as long as you do n't nitpick about the minutiae .
 Ok , maybe I am a kid at heart , or maybe this movie was n't as bad as I expected , but I really enjoyed `` Wolverine '' . I thought that the story was easy to follow , well written , and full of surprises . For example , I had no idea -LRB- because I did n't read the comics and only saw some of the cartoons and the X-Men movies -RRB- that Wolverine was Sabertooth 's brother -LRB- and I am not even sure that this was in the original storyline of Wolverine -RRB- . I loved that twist and others in the story . And while I would n't say that the movie was exactly fast moving and action packed -LRB- do n't get me wrong , there are some great fight scenes -RRB- ... I thought Origins did a wonderful job setting the stage for later X-Men stories . And I now understand why Wolverine has very few memories of his life pre-metal claws . We also got to see several of the characters from later stories -LRB- Gambit , Professor X , etc. -RRB- and understand how some mutants became X-Men ! Hugh Jackman was great as Wolverine , and I liked Sabertooth 's character as well . Understanding the Wolverine/Sabertooth dynamic is key I think , to later stories or even potential storylines.Now a brief synopsis of the movie ... As a young boy Wolverine discovers that everything in his life is not as it seems , and finding out that he has a brother is the least of his worries . For spending years fighting beside his brother has not prepared him for a future of tracking down mutants for his boss , a military man trying to cure his son -LRB- who has mutant powers -RRB- , and eliminating them because they are threats . When Wolverine decides that killing and fighting is n't necessarily fun anymore , and maybe the person they are working for is n't what he appears , he leaves the organization and settles down as a lumberjack . The rest is a story that only you can appreciate if you watch it . Understanding the motives for people 's actions is not always as clear cut as you would think , in this movie . There are tales of jealousy , greed , and power woven throughout . Anyway,X-Men Origins , had tons of great characters -LRB- interesting mutants with interesting powers -RRB- and a sweet love story to boot . I do n't see why people are being so hard on this movie because it really was n't that bad , or maybe it is because I was expecting a lot worse .
 X-Men Origins
 Okay , so everybody is all shook up about the fact that it did n't stay so true to the comic books . News flash for ya-They RARELY do . It 's an amazing film with great special effects and amazing acting . The film caused an uproar with a few of my friends because Gambit did n't have the correct accent , so what ? THe film was made for people to watch and enjoy it , not be critized to the extent where people just do n't want to talk about because people have been so harsh about it . What I really enjoyed , was that after the credits , they set it up for the next one , when Wolverine is to have his big fight with the Japaneese dude.Another thing , I read a review on here where someone said that Storm was n't in it , she was . You just were n't looking hard enough . She was in the cages by where Scott Summers was and also in the scene where he is leading them out to the helicopter.What I have enjoyed doing after seeing this film , twice , is watching the cartoon series X-Men : Evolution , it gives some of the background for most of the characters in the film . Do n't miss out on one of the best summer films yet , not counting Star Trek .
 Just what I needed for a Christmas present . Fine quality and fast service , too , which is a big plus all around .
 I enjoy the X-men collection since I enjoyed the action scenes I would recommand this dvd to any and all comic book fans .
 Hey , I thought the movie was real good . The kids on the other hand said the sound guality was poor .
 It 's been a while since I 've seen it in the movie theater . For a heads up to X-men aficionados , this Origins follows the Ultimate X-men story arc , instead of another . So some details do not go with the original explanations .
 I assume the movie . It was good
 Recvd in a timely manner as expected.Great flick , great price . You get the background behind Wolverine of theprevious XMen movies.Jackman is as he has always been ! Wolverine !
 Excellent movie . Saw this in the movies but it was good to see again . Hugh Jackman does the best wolverine .
 Great movie . Love the special camera tricks . The knives on his fingers look so real when their coming out from his hand .
 But i wished it came in its original case instead of the generic . However great movie always enjoy it . it is definitly worth the purchase
 Total must see ! Huge Jackman is a great Wolverine . This movie has lots of action and a good compelling story line .
 I think there is a mistake in this set 's price , because if you buy the X-Men Trilogy and Wolverine separate , you will pay half the price of this set . Please Amazon review this item price .
 With the X-Men films becoming too expensive to feature all its stars , it has become more logical to focus on the storyline of each of the main characters . And what best than to feature one of the more popular characters in the Marvel and X-Men universe , Wolverine.Taking the helm as director is actor , Gavin Hood -LRB- `` Thug '' , `` The Storekeeper '' and `` Stas and Nel Adventures '' -RRB- , with a screenplay by David Bennioff -LRB- `` The Kite Runner '' , `` Troy '' -RRB- and Skip Woods -LRB- `` Hitman '' and `` Swordfish '' -RRB- . Joining the men is composer Harry Gregson-Williams -LRB- `` Deja Vu '' , `` Shrek the Third '' and `` Gone Baby Gone '' -RRB- and cinematographer Donald McAlpine -LRB- `` The Chronicles of Narnia
 I had read many negative and mediocre reviews of this movie , but finally decided to get it anyway . I was pleasantly surprised . It was actually a very good movie , though my son commented that the scene with Wolverine walking away from an explosion was a bit contrived.Like the other X-Men movies , it does n't always follow the comic storyline , and some characters are different from the way they were in the comics . However , taken on its own , this movie tells an interesting story of Wolverine 's background , and successfully captures his basically good , decent character , without ignoring some of the things he has had to do in his life -LRB- and including the action scenes that are part of why people watch Wolverine -RRB- . It also gave a good look at Gambit , which finally made me able to see the charm of this character.There is some timeline continuity problem between this movie and X-Men First Class , and a little with the later movies . At the end of First Class , Xavier is around 30 and still has his hair when he is paralyzed . Near the end of this movie , there is a short scene of a bald Xavier walking . Also , Scott Summers is a minimum of 14 in 1962 in this movie , and seems no older than 30 in X-Men 1 , set somewhere in the 1990s -LRB- when he should have been at least 44 for continuity to work -RRB- . Overlooking these details -LRB- after all , the comics contradict each other periodically , too -RRB- , this is an enjoyable movie and worth getting . I actually liked it better than First Class -LRB- which I also enjoyed -RRB- , though that one has better reviews .
 Buy the blu ray plus digital copy at Amazon for $ 7.99 June 5 or right now at Bestbuy for $ 7.99 . The dvd version is $ 3.99 at Bestbuy right now as well . $ 11.98 plus tax at Bestbuy for both until June 11 , 2011 if a store is in your area . Get a better deal than this price at Amazon.The movie is good , though a little different from the previous Xmen stories . It 's more about Wolverine if this is one of your favorite characters . Alot more growling , and fighting . I do n't like the fighting between he and his brother though . It has some other cool characters with special powers that have good action scenes . I gave it a four star , because I like the Xmen franchise as well as the cartoon versions .
 We did n't realize this movie existed . I caught it on some TV channel so I went to Amazon and bought it . We absolutely loved it . Hugh Jackman is a great actor and not hard on the eyes either !
 `` X-Men Origins
 As a female fan I thoroughly enjoy the actions parts . You could tell that 's where the money , and attention by the part of writers , director and producers -LRB- yes you , Jackman -RRB- went . I 'll definitely get the DVD as many female fans are -- for the Eye Candy ! I love that Jackman is not so full of himself and that his first solo X-men flick -- he spread the hottness around . I do n't know if he did this because , he feels more comfortable in a group ensemble ; or because he just rather give another actor a hand up . Nevertheless , in this movie you get to see more characters and a lot , A LOT of Fine Men.LADIES TAKE NOTE : Ryan Reynolds stands out as Deadpool -- so much that a spin-off is in the works . His typical smarta $ $ mouth comedy makes his one liners really zing . And the man can swing a pair of swords , and look bada $ $ doing so.Also , a lesser known Korean American actor/model Daniel Henney as weapons expert Agent Zero , makes his first appearance on a US movie . He 's mostly known for Korean TV , Cinema and modeling . Yet in this flick , his supermodel looks work in his favor as he brings an icey sharp demeanor that make him one to take note of -- and makes fans like me pray for a Agent Zero spin-off . His action sequence at the beginning of the film left me wanting more.Friday Night Lights star Taylor Kitsch as Gambit was a big crowd pleaser in Comic Con , and he delivers on the big screen . This one might also have a spin-off in the future . The ladies sure love him and the guys seemed pleased with his deliver of the gambler as well.Howevery I agree completely with other reviews . The plot was weak , and they did n't explain much about Logan 's past -LRB- which was the purpose of the movie -RRB- . We kind get a glimpse and quick run through and the rest is all BOOM ! BAM ! POW ! All in all the movie was worth my money . I got a great night out with friends and a lot to drool over for . Thank you Jackman for all that nakedness ! * shivers * I am totally still hoping this movie does well on DVD release . Cuz Jackman 's such a good guy that he deserves it.I hope in the upcoming spin-offs they do focus a bit more on the plot . Just a wee more than they did on this one . Cuz altho they might have felt the male comic geeks would love all the BOOM ! BAM ! POW ! actions stuff , and female geeks would love all the nakedness and sexy ... Sexy Men , we 'd also would like a better story line to bring it all together . I think that 's what made the X-men flicks work and do so well , so I hope they go back to that blueprint in future installments .
 She is all-around great to hang out with , but the way she laughs and cheers -LRB- * in a pleasent &#34; indoor &#34; voice , not rowdy * -RRB- during this film makes a movie that 's about a 8 or 9 out of 10 , and makes it about a 15 out of 10 . Hugh Jackman is GREAT as Wolverine and Liev Shcrieber is Great as Sabretooth ! Ryan Reynolds is GREAT as Deadpool , and Will.I.Am is kind of a rookie actor and seems surprised to be there .
 i got enough out of this to know more about Wolverine 's past . As it 's something that i 've read in his comic book series and through the X-Men as well . So for me that was n't an issue . It was good seeing them bring some stand characters in Deadpool , Agent Zero and of course Sabretooth played very good by Liev Schrieber . Col. Stryker is his typical , mutant loving/hating self and is obviously using Wolverine to get his powers so that he can build the ultimate mutant killer . The action is solid , intense and in your face which is just how it should be . Wolverine is one of my favorite X-Men and this movie only serves to amplify that.It should also be noted that Deadpool played by Ryan Reynolds is getting his own spin-off through this movie . Gambit is played very well by Taylor Kitsch -LRB- Friday Night Lights -RRB- and hope that they decide to go more into his back story as well . Because he has a lot also -LRB- Rogue anyone ? -RRB- . Overall i really enjoyed the movie and got what i needed to out of it . I look forward to the second film that will start filming in 2011 ... ca n't wait .
 I was never into the other X-men movies , but this one is great , and looks awesome on blu-ray . It tells the story of how Wolverine became a mutant , and shows how he became who he is . Loved it !
 Very good movie , special effects are excellent . I have never seen any x-men movies before this and this was exceptional .
 As mentioned elsewhere I love X-men , so its probably no surprise that Wolverine is my favourite.I had very high hopes for this film so I purposefully steeled myself against being disappointed.Still by the time I re-watched it on DVD I realised I did n't like this movie so much . It is alot better than X-3 and generally a decent action movie , but there were some decisions that reduced the movie to just good rather than mind-blowingly awesome.The movie just got too big , to stratospheric . I all happens when Gambit appears -LRB- well mostly , Wolverine does jump a helicopter earlier on -RRB- gambit starts out cool , he blows wolvy through a wall with his card thing . Then all of a sudden WTF , HES CLIMBING THE WALLS WITH SPARKLY STICKS ? And does some for of Dragon ball Z slam blowing up half the area.Then he disapears for a while only to return to do some more leaping blowing up tricks . In amongst Deadpool bringing down a massive chimney its all getting to be too much . Wolverine is a close-up guts and glory character.In this movie when hes being skimming across the water , or blending a fire-escpae -LRB- possibly the worst scene in the film -RRB- it feels like we 're watching the stupid man 's version of wolverine.Here 's hoping the sequal delivers , otherwise I 'll just have to watch x-2 again
 Great price and awesome quality . If you have a surround sound system and hd tv it is great . Sound and special effects are excellent and make your sub shake the house .
 This product was delivery in a very quick matter . It was also a great price .
 What can I say that a fan would n't already know and agree with ? This is a great portrayal of how Logan became the hard , yet morally true , badass that has been a phenomenon for Marvel . Now , the truists out there will say , with all support from me and all the other true fans out there , that the movie does n't truly and faithfully follow the original story of Wolverine . Yep , absolutely correct . I am a firm believer in artistic license , however , especially when it is excercised with the enthusiastic approval of Stan Lee , one of the gods of the genre . This is why I forgive the glaring lapses in content , lost in the translation to the different medium and find that I enjoy and re-watch this film.The BluRay format is awesome , although my TV is a dated 1080i max resolution and 60Hz refresh rate . I can only imagine how much more awesome the experience would be for this film , as well as all my other BRD 's , with a more modern display .
 There are some very bad action films and some very bad comic book adaptations . So , relative to much of the sorry entertainment that comes ouf of Hollywood , this movie was fairly decent . It was n't great and it 's probably my least favorite of the X-Men movies , but it was an enjoyable story . From my perspective , the only real problem with it is that it covers too much material in too short of time . In particular , it would 've been much better if it had focused more on the relationship between Wolverine and Sabertooth . Their conflict is never fully explained .
 I am an avid comic book fan and I make no excuses for the lack of cohesive storytelling . However the fight scenes and special effects were excellent . The acting wasnt oscar calibre but it fit into the action genre the way it needed to.Wolverine was tortured by his past , Sabretooth was ruthless and menacing and Silverfox was the one who did it all for love . The others did a bang up job too . Everyone from Agent Zero to Deadpool played their parts to perfection . Bravo . The content was awesome . The character profile that actually had the character talking as thier characters , nice touch.The deleted scenes needed to be just that . The interview of Lien Wein and Stan Lee was great . It 's a nice touch to see the creator of Wolvering get his just desserts . All in all great product fora great low price . Thanks Amazon .
 Tough crowd we got going in here . All the rage over holes in plot , bad dialogue , bad story line , my 9-year-old can write a better plot , etc needs to just calm down.What ever happen to watching a movie for pure entertainment ? And in this case the enjoyment of special effects and seeing your favorite childhood characters in live action.I 'm sure director Gavin Hood and writers David Benioff and Skip Woods did n't have the Oscars in their minds while producing this film , althought it would n't hurt , it was n't likely at all . They did it for the fans and for pure entertainment.All you people that said it was a waste of your time certainly should of expected what was to come from a Marvel based movie to some degree . You want great plot and dialogue and all that can go watch A Beautiful Mind , No Country for Old Men , and Million Dollar Baby , not this movie.Don ' t critique it like your writing a NY Times movie review . This is n't that type of movie.For everyone else who wants to just sit down and have some fun in front of your big flat screen TV and chow down on some popcorn can order X-Men Origins
 This is one of the best action movies from the X-Men series . Great action sequence with a superb story line . Jackman is remarkable as Wolverine and the support cast are all exceptional in their roles . Definitely a great addition to any Bluray collection . The 3 disc set at W ** m ** t is a best-buy !
 First off this was one of the best bluray purchases I made . You ca n't beat the price here . The movies are a must for any marvel fan , they keep getting better and better ! Jackman does a wonderful job portraying wolverine the storylines are great !
 I originally downloaded this while it was in theaters like many . I skimmed through it and I was concerned . I never got around to watching it and decided to wait for the Blu Ray to watch it right - with all special effects in tact.AllI even read on Amazon or other places is how bad X-Men 3 was . X-Men 3 was good to me . Those same people say that this film was bad . I was expecting a horrible movie , but instead this movie turned out to be hot !! So do n't listen to the haters . These are the same people who complain about every little thing . We already know that Hollywood changes commic book movies around , so why get mad ? They may not have played it by the book , but at least we did get to see things that reminded me of the comic , like Wolverine 's sheep lined jacket and the cigar!Like X-Men 3 , we get a chance to see characters we probably would not have seen otherwise . Like Deadpool , Emma Frost -LRB- I hopt they do the Hellfire Club ... -RRB- , Gambit and others . Speaking of which , I never liked Gambit , but this film made me like him . I could never see why people liked him . I still do n't see it , but at least like him on film!My only complaint is that it is only an hour and forty minutes . However , the time seems longer as they did get everything they needed to into the film . FOr the haters , the movie is about WOlverine and his life , not super action , although that is there too . It is not about the other characters either . Be happy they put so many others into thefilm instead of just Wolverine and Sabertooth . Sbaertooth is another character I did not care for.This movie is worthy to be in my collection and stand beside X2 . In some ways it is better due to the fact that it came later . I thought it stupid to do an origins film , but I do n't mind more . Just not in Cyclops .
 I loved this movie ! Why ? Because I love the ideaof having big shiny claws for back scratching!I loved seeing Wolverine as a youngster and how hebecame `` Wolverine '' . Whether it was true to the realstory or not I do n't know and really do n't care . I justwant to be entertained by lots of destruction andWolverine is a master at it !
 Woverine has to be one of the best action films to date . No matter what the series arguments are Wolverine stands alone as it 's own movie . Ryan ReynoldsThe Amityville Horror -LRB- Widescreen Special Edition -RRB- was so awesome with his blades bouncing the bullets off . Hugh JackmanRodgers and Hammerstein 's Oklahoma ! -LRB- London Stage Revival -RRB- not only kicks butt but in Oklahoma he sings strong and beautiful.The cinematography is absolutely breathtaking . When Woverine jumps off the waterfall the camera work 's pan of the scene blows your mind and the water quenches you as if you 're jumping with him.The special effects are so awesome I felt like I was in some of the scenes like the one with Wolverine jumping up onto the helicopter.My roomate and I enjoyed it so much we 're thrilled we bought it and will watch it again and again.Another note is the scene changes as Hugh Jackman and Liev ShcreiberRKO 281 - The Battle Over Citizen Kanego through all the years of battles . Amazing scene changes.This one is a must buy . It will make Movie Night worth setting up for .
 I generally do not review movies , but looking at some of these reviews , I am thinking to myself , did these folks see the same movie I did . So first , my credentials - I am a huge comic fanatic and own thousands of x-men and wolverine comics that I have been collecting for well over 20 years . I also enjoyed the original x-men movie , liked number 2 better , and thought the last stand was very good on its own , but it messed around with the comic storyline too much for my tastes . I really believe `` the last stand '' , on its own would be considered great otherwise.Now , Wolverine . I saw it in the movies , and got it on Blu Ray . First , it is exciting as heck . It moves at breakneck speed and the battles are terrific . Hugh Jackman was born to play Logan . The story is pretty impressive . I thought the script was intelligent , and the acting outstanding . And it kept fairly close to the story line of the comic , probably as much as it could given that it is a movie . I have no idea what people are looking for . They talk about it just being loud dumb and forgettable , and it is anything but.Wolvering is the best action picture of 2009 , better than 2008 's Iron Man -LRB- I do n't care what anyone says - Explain to me Why Wolverine is not great but Iron Man is , which was lots of action , and what else really , except some anti-war soul searching which is standard fare and treated with more complexity in a coloring book for 5 year olds -RRB- . Wolverine is maybe not as deep as the Dark Knight because it did not deal with themes as complex as those in the Dark Knight , but it certainly deals with heartbreaking loss , heartbreak and vengenace in a compelling and intelligent -LRB- not to mentoin exciting fashoion -RRB- designed to cover as much of the origin story as is reasonably possible for a movie.Hugh Jackman was terrific as Logan , and LIev Schreiber was terrific as Victor Creed . Lengendary villain if I ever saw one . Yet I hear nothing about his acting chops . Some of the characters like Gambit , who is an outstanding character in his own right , are given a more perfunctory treatment , probably because at some point you ca n't have a movie that 's 17 hours long.I truly believe that if you are sitting on the fence trying to figure out whether to get it or not based on the reviews , GET IT ! . Sit back and enjoy it . It is an outstanding action film that hews fairly -LRB- although not completely -RRB- close to the comic . I tis an essential part of any action/comic fan 's collection.Wolverine is highly recommended . Very highly recommended .
 Ok , I have not followed the comics over the years . I like Wolverine as a unmasked superdude . I love Hugh Jackman as Wolverine and this was a good movie . The first part of it is confusing for someone not `` up '' on the whole Origins thing but I really enjoyed this film.The fact that there were some really good actors and drama in this film to boot . Nobody should have to pay a actress to share Hugh Jackman 's / Wolverine 's bed ... -LRB- Come to mamma I will make thse bad dreams go all away ... -RRB- Oh I digress , I enjoyed the film , the mutation scene with the adamantium was rocking . Pissed and Nude ? HELLO ?? I am smitten.Let me get you a towel , baby ...
 It was really cool to see some of the characters from this universe ` before ' they became X-Men or weapons or Brotherhood . Wolverine 's origin was dramatic and intense and filled with emotional highs and lows . They went all the way back to his childhood which was fascinating . It was n't just about Wolverine the X-man . It was about him as a child , a brother , a son , a mutant , a warrior , a husband . The only disappointment was Taylor Kitsch as Gambit . His acting was kind of wooden and stiff - and his accent was horrible - It was the worst cajun/orleans accent I 've ever heard . I really like Taylor Kitsch and I was looking forward to him being in this movie - but the accent was horrible and the acting talent was lacking when compared to the actors he shared the screen with . Other than that one disappointment - the movie was much more and better than I thought it would be . I enjoyed it more than I thought I would . It 's a keeper .
 This is the story of how Wolverine came into existence starting with his childhood and the discovery of his mutant powers . It tracks him and his brother , also a mutant , who share many adventures over an extended period of time and develops the basic difference between the two brothers.Hugh Jackman plays the part of the character who will become Wolverine with a balance of aggression and compassion . The story carries the Wolverine character from childhood to the point of introducing Professor Charles Xavier and the hope of sanctuary for the mutants.This is first and foremost an action adventure that should please fans of the X-Men series . The sound and picture are excellent with plenty of surround sound to immerse the viewer in the action.If you enjoyed the X-Men movies it is very likely you will enjoy this one .
 I 'm a long-time X-Fangirl , but I 'm trying to write this review as a movie viewer , instead of someone who knows exactly where the movie deviated from the comics on a panel by panel basis . * coughs * Two brothers , Victor -LRB- Sabertooth -RRB- and James/Logan -LRB- Wolverine -RRB- , join a government program of mutants called Weapon X and fight in a lot of wars . Wolverine grows disgusted by his teammates bloody actions and quits , appearing years later as lumberjack with a girlfriend named Kayla Silver Fox -LRB- which should win the movie an Oscar right there , I tell you -RRB- . Of course , he ca n't leave his past behind that easily , and soon finds himself the target of his old Weapon X buddies . So , he teams up with his friend Kestrel/John Wraith and goes in search of Gambit/Remy LeBeau , the only man who ever escaped Weapon X. From there , more big fight scenes ensue.The result was a fun popcorn flick . The action scenes were great , well done and exciting . Because the movie went for action over characterization , no character was unforgettable . However , a few were surprisingly interesting . Deadpool/Wade was funny and deliciously amoral , while Kayla Silver Fox was an unusual heroine , wise and spiritual with an edge of sarcasm . Unlike , say , the Punisher or Iron Man movies where the time spent on romance made me want to fall asleep , I was interested in Logan/Wolverine 's interaction with Kayla.The plot was predictable , but not groan-inducingly so , and it was bolstered by good acting and effects . Moments of humor broke up the drama , such as naked Wolverine streaking past an old couple.Overall , I recommend `` Wolverine '' to fans of action who do n't demand that all plot lines make sense.For fellow comic book fans
 X-Men Origins
 What is everybody talking about ? I loved the movie . I believe the special effects kind of killed some of the action scenes , but I am a Wolverine fan . It still managed to be one of my favorite movies ! Any fan of the Wolverine character will absolutely enjoy this film . Hugh Jackman plays him to the T. Bottom line , if you enjoyed the XMEN series movies , you 'll enjoy this film .
 I never read the comic books . I just like to escape into a good movie -- knowing I am not going to be challenged mentally . This is genuine fun with a story line that held my interest , great characters and excellent special effects . I do n't know how you can pan this film . If you like the genre , you are going to enjoy this one !
 At a solid 4.5 / 5 stars , Wolverine is one of the best movies of 2009 that I have seen.While this movie might not be entirely faithful to the comic book canon -LRB- what movie ever follows their printed version 100 % anyway ? -RRB- I enjoyed it immensely . It served as a great prequel to the trilogy of X-Men movies , and had a rather engaging story and plot . I do wish a bit more could have been given to the back story , but I got ta say , the sequence with the brothers moving from war to war -LRB- Civil through Vietnam -RRB- was pretty fricking sweet . I ca n't help but wonder what Victor was doing all these years aside fighting in wars and what made him the way he was , but overall the setup was pretty good.Some people might not like how this movie was done - I was n't a big fan of all the changes , but again , it 's just a movie -LRB- and a enjoyable one at that -RRB- Personally , I was n't much for Deadpool , even his makeup was just ... garish and overdone . But it makes for a fun prequel , with quite a few familiar faces -LRB- including a young and teen-aged Scott Summers -RRB- The visuals were impressive.If you really want to enjoy this movie , do n't compare it to the comic books so you can nitpick . Just sit back and relax , and let the story and special effects take you away . Hugh Jackman is AWESOME in this movie , he makes a rocking -LRB- and very sexy ! -RRB- Wolverine . I was also delighted to see the introduction of Gambit .
 This movie is the best ! especially if you are a huge Hugh Jackman fan like me .
 It 's a good movie and it is nice to have a digital copy that is compatible with my ipod .
 Very nice . The digital copy comes on a seperate disk and allowed us to upload onto our iPhones !
 The DVD arrived within a week to my APO/AP address which is very fast for overseas delivery.The DVD was also in a great condition , and it was definitely worth the money .
 Enough said.tough I do n't see a effective use for the digital copy .
 Loved the movie and in Blu Ray always awsome . Having a digital copy is great for my laptop . Product was received in perfect condition and delivery was quick .
 This movie is great I love it , I will recomened to order , you will enjoy it !
 Great movie . If you know anything about Wolverine you know the ending will be rough .
 BLU-RAY VERSION IS WORTH BUYING . I DO N'T NEED TO TELL YOU ABOUT THE MOVIE , OTHERS ALREADY HAVE . BUT , NOT TOO MANY PEOPLE TELL YOU IF IT IS WORTH UPGRADING FROM YOUR REGULAR DVD TO BLU-RAY . THIS ONE IS WORTH IT . COLORS ARE STUNNING AND SOUNDS GREAT .
 i really enjoyed this picture . thank god for NETFLIX . i seldom pay to see a film theatrically anymore -LRB- perhaps twice a year -RRB- . a co-worker told me she really enjoyed it and recommended it . i do n't watch television -LRB- as i refuse to pay for it and hate the adds and so on -RRB- . perhaps seeing less makes you appreciate stories you do see more ? dunno , but i thought it was a lot of fun and worth owning for a modest price . liked the cinematography a lot too . judge for yourself .
 I do n't understand why this movie got such bad reviews . My wife and I enjoyed it thoroughly . This movie is an hour and a half of great entertainment . I 've seen the previous three x-men movies and I must say I like Wolverine the best . By a long shot .
 IN 1846 , a pair of young mutant boys named James and Victor murdered their abusive father with their abilities and run away to go off to many wars over the years as they do n't age like regular people and are sort of immortal . From the Civil War to Vietnam in the 70 's , James a.k.a. Logan -LRB- Huge Jackman -RRB- and his big brother nicknamed Sabretooth -LRB- Liv Schriber -RRB- have joined a secret government agency task force . But after killing innocent people in Nigeria , six years later he decides to make a better life in the Canadian rockies with a beautiful girlfriend Kayla -LRB- Lynn Collins -RRB- and with a job . However after Kayla was murdered , Logan particaptes in a experiment involving a rare indestructable metal called adamantium as it makes his skeleton and claws even more powerful then ever . He still retains his powers of immortality and self-healing as now he vows revenge on his brother and those that killed his true love , but it seems Stryker is kidnapping mutants and using them for experiments . He teams up with a Cajun mutant with unique explosive powers named Gambit a.k.a. Remy Labeau -LRB- Taylor Kitsch -RRB- and John Wraith -LRB- Will I.Am -RRB- who 's powers include teleporting as they must find the mutants to free them.Entertaining and action-packed prequel to the X-Men saga is a fascinating film . This one sets itself 15 years before the first movie as it tells us how Wolverine became to be the savage hero he is today and a little history that it adapts the graphic novel `` Wolverine
 in this movie they you find out how old he is . intense fight scenes and you run in to some new people like gambit and dead pool .
 X-Men Origins
 Great movie I 'm a little biased because I 'm a big fan of Xmen but even if I wa n't It was really good explained alot for the people that do n't know the comics . The effects and sound effects were very good 5 stars .
 This is a good movie . At least the next movie wo n't have to deal with the origin story that we all know . Hugh Jackman can do no wrong playing Wolverine .
 The movie had great visual effects.It kept your interest throughout . What else can I say , but in my opinion an excellant adventure movie .
 Fantastic - fully packed with action from beginning to end = you are left wanting to watch more . The effects are the best . Hugh Jackman is fantastic .
 Good movie . I love the fact that it was waiting for me when I got home from work , on it 's release date . The pre-order feather is good . I think it is the second best of the X-Men films . Nothing beats the original .
 my only complaint was that this movie was not as good as I had hoped
 Plot Details
 I love it ! . I know it did n't REALLY follow the true comic book story of certain characters , but as a `` super hero type '' movie in general , I think it was great . I especially liked the actor who played Victor-he played the role very well .
 This a great movie , well written , great plot and awesome acting . Blue Ray is expectacular , but they are still very pricy .
 OK , so ive been reading comics for 3 decades give or take a few years and have been a film buff for just as long . I had no expectations of this movie . I had not been pining away at message boards waiting for spoilers or buying wolverine related stuff to bide my time . Put simply this was a great Friday night movie . There are some good and entertaining actors in this one . I wish Ryan Reynolds had more screen time as Deadpool ala wisecracker , but the ` mutant killer ' Deadpool was pretty wicked . And yea some things were different than I expected , but honestly as swiss cheese full of holes wolverines origin has been over the years who cares ? Seemed like they hit a lot of good beats . Just wait , more will come ...
 We got this movie even with all the mixed reviews because word of mouth among our real life friends said it was a good movie . While it has its faults , there is a lot to love about the movie.The good . The main characters all do an excellent job . Especially Jackman since he real life voice and demeanor do not even come close to Logan . Sabertooth also does a great job in his acting for the script he was given . You get a real sense that even though he is at odds with his brother , he cares about him more than anything else ... . after all according to the movie plot , they have been together for about 150 years.They do a good job explaining how he got the metal in him and the claws as well as his memory loss even though I personally did not like that part of it.The graphics and effects were great too . On blu ray especially it looked so good.The bad . The movie moved along way to fast . You get a small glimpse of the brothers going through wars and stuff up till the present day but largely ignore that back story . Then they join a special group of others like them and again we get fast forward through their time together and a very brief introduction to the other specials . He leaves during what appears to be his first mission and somehow everyone is upset and that breaks up the group even though he was new and never did anything for them at least as the movie shows . He goes and tries to start a normal life and of course that can not happen . Again this was all so rushed , it should have been its own movie and spent the time to develop these characters better and their relationships.Also far too many characters die and for no reason it seems . Now in the first Xmen I had an issue with the fact that they were so light on killing and they needed some low level mutants as fodder but this movie just wastes good established -LRB- from the comic books -RRB- characters.Of course as many others pointed out this movie strays far from the comics but so do the Xmen movies . I can not really fault that here as they try to stay more in line with the other films than with the comics . Personally I can accept this as an alternate version of the Xmen world and am ok with that.Overall we still enjoyed the movie but were disappointed at how far short they fell with what they could have done . I imagine that in 10 years or so somebody will pick up Xmen again and perhaps do the series right . Good movie but not great .
