 I thought I had already reviewed this product . I love the movie . I hate when the site updates there sites and ca n't keep the ratings and notes on the items .
 I am a big fan . Enjoyed it , especially for such a great price . The storyline easily followed and the action kept me interested .
 Fast delivery and at a Great price . Bluray definetly better than DVD in color vividness and sound quality . Completes my collection of x-Men
 In this ` batman begins ' era of film making -LRB- i.e. a great story with a once mediocre movie is made into a GREAT movie -RRB- , the bar set by this movie is pretty high . Do n't get me wrong , I liked the original X-man movies -LRB- 1 and 3 especially -RRB- , but this one kicked it up a notch for sure.I have n't seen an X-men movie I did n't like , but this one was my favorite
 i enjoyed it , i think that it ties into the other movies good and that its a good beginning for x men .
 Liked it . :-RRB- like the quality of DVD & the contents inside of it ...
 The Movie was clean , perfect condition and came early ! Love this movie . Although I did come in the package for my car alarm , both came together with seperate shipping dont know if this is normal but It came and I love it so does not matter .
 Once I bought the Kindle Fire . Instant download , started watching . Of course an excellent movie ; no problems whatsoever . I will continue to purchase this way and highly recommend the movie and instant amazon purchase .
 Truly enjoyed the Wolverine character and to have the character 's background filled in , Hugh Jackman playing a more major role ... it was great . Liked the character of Gambit also , hope to see him again .
 Comic book fans are in Heaven right now . Movies are being made left and right based on comic books . Recent releases like WHITEOUT and SURROGATES are both based on comics . And while they 're a few years back , the X-MEN movies were always hits . So it 's no surprise that the most popular character of the comics and films would get his own solo flick.X-MEN ORIGINS : WOLVERINE begins in 1845 when young James Howlett kills a man for killing his father , only to discover that the man he 's killed is actually his biological dad . On the run with his half-brother Victor Creed , the pair bound through history , both mutants with the ability to self heal and age slowly . Their killing abilities are utilized in all wars , but it is Victor who seems to enjoy it while James merely sticks with his brother.Fast forward to the Vietnam War with Victor -LRB- Liv Schreiber -RRB- and James -LRB- Hugh Jackman -RRB- facing a firing squad only to survive . In prison , they are recruited by General Stryker -LRB- Danny Huston -RRB- for a unique squad that will covertly take care of problems for the U.S. Composed of various other mutants , the team often rustles each other 's feathers , but do the wet work their job requires of them . The killing begins to get to James , now known as Logan , and he quits the team.The scene changes to several years later and Logan is now living happily in Canada as a lumberjack with a woman he loves , Kayla -LRB- Lynn Collins -RRB- . Stryker arrives to tell Logan that someone is killing the ex-members of the team and to be careful . The warning is too late and we are there to see Victor meet up with Kayla . When Logan finds her body , he tracks down Stryker to be a part of his secret project , Weapon X , in an attempt to turn Logan into an indestructible killer . When asked what his dog tags should read , he says Wolverine , a reference to a story Kayla had told him.The procedure nearly kills Wolverine as the scientists inject molten adamantium , the strongest metal known to man , to his skeletal system . Where he once had bones , he now has adamantium . And where skeletal claws once popped from his fists , now shining blades appear . As the process is completed , Wolverine overhears the group planning on killing him . In a rage , he leaps from the lab 's tank and takes out anyone in his way , escaping to a nearby farm.But the welcome an elderly couple there provides is short lived as Stryker 's assassins kill them both and try to get Wolverine . Once more in a rage , Wolverine takes out the team . But before Agent Zero -LRB- Daniel Henney -RRB- dies , he lets Wolverine know that Stryker has been behind it all.Wolverine seeks out the rest of the team to find out where Stryker has gone to ground . With the help of two he is sent to New Orleans to meet a mutant named Gambit -LRB- Taylor Kitsch -RRB- , the only mutant to escape from `` the island '' , a secret location of Stryker 's where he is experimenting on mutants , like Scott Summers and Emma Frost -LRB- two main characters from the comics -RRB- . Out for blood , Wolverine convinces Gambit to take him there and attempts to put an end to Stryker 's experiments and Victor for killing the woman he loved.The film is action packed from beginning to end . The scenes and set ups bring to mind numerous images from comics past as well as characters that have become legends at Marvel comics . One is even on fast track to have his own film , Deadpool played by Ryan Reynolds . He becomes a major force in the film , though to reveal why would ruin the surprise.The effects are amazing here . Any and every possible effect is used for maximum advantage and it shows . Streets blow up , buildings come down a brick at a time and powers shoot from eyes and playing cards . Not to mention the adamantium claws fans are so familiar with.The acting is better than most would think , with Jackman now comfortable in the lead role . But Schreiber as Victor Creed is amazing . His feline like qualities from his stance to his bloodlust comes off as realistic . And Reynolds as the smart aleck Deadpool deserves his own film.The first time I saw this film I left unimpressed . I think perhaps I was too stoked by the hype surrounding it . This time I got to enjoy it for the sake of the film itself . I was n't disappointed . You do n't have to see the other films to enjoy this one . As a matter of fact , it actually would be better to watch this then the rest . Any way you look at it , you can expect to find plenty of action , plenty of story , and plenty of thrills that will entertain from opening to closing credits .
 I thought the movie was n't going to be as good as when I saw it at the theater , but it was awesome ! The effects are still fantastic . And even on a classic i-pod , it 's fantastic ! The digital copy comes free with your dvd so how can you beat it ! See this movie if you have n't yet . Definitely the best of all the X-Men movies so far !!
 This movie fills in alot of peices . Action packed , Awesome ! It was awesome at the theater and I ca n't wait to own it on blu-ray disc .
 Ok , I have not followed the comics over the years . I like Wolverine as a unmasked superdude . I love Hugh Jackman as Wolverine and this was a good movie . The first part of it is confusing for someone not `` up '' on the whole Origins thing but I really enjoyed this film.The fact that there were some really good actors and drama in this film to boot . Nobody should have to pay a actress to share Hugh Jackman 's / Wolverine 's bed ... -LRB- Come to mamma I will make those bad dreams go all away ... -RRB- Oh I digress , I enjoyed the film , the mutation scene with the adamantium was rocking . Pissed and Nude ? HELLO ?? I am smitten.Let me get you a towel , baby ...
 Origin story of Wolverine is a decent enough time passer but if your a die-hard fan of ole ' Canucklhead you 'll be in for a bit of a dissapointment -LRB- I actually give the film *** 1/2 stars -RRB- . Hugh Jackman , as always , is great as Logan , but , the welcome surprise for me was Liev Shreiber as Victor Creed . He easily made me forget about Tyler Mane from the first `` X-Men '' film . Some welcome cameos from future X-Men team members are also pretty cool.The action sequences are pretty standard for a film like this.Characters square off with one another giving warnings , showing off there mutie powers & then fighting with explosions or some sort of mayhem going on around them . To me , it seems part of the origin story was left out . Rose , Logan 's first true love , in the comic story , was dropped for the movie version . The Weapon X sequence , that should be a major highlight of the film , felt like it was rushed . If your a Wolverine fan this should have been the best part of the film . The battle at Three Mile Island did n't have that much spark to it . `` Wolverine '' is not a bad film at all it 's just that it seems by the numbers . I wanted something new & fresh to see with this character instead , I got a new paint job with the same mileage.Arrives on DVD & Blu-Ray September 2009
 I am a huge comic book fan -LRB- read
 This movie brings back good memories of the Barry Windsor-Smith miniseries and uses advances in special effects to bring out the spirit of the Wolverine comic character . Hugh Jackman is an adequate Wolverine without the growl but Liev Schreiber made Sabretooth interesting and attractive when the comic character is completely offensive and odious . The miscasting of Gambit was the biggest problem with this purely entertaining movie . Gambit is supposed to look like a young Clint Eastwood including the cheroot and the lovely pompadour .
 What can I say , love this movie !! For summer blockbusters , this is our favorite so far . Really liked all the action & the new characters , ca n't wait to own it on DVD !!
 Okay first off . Shut the Hell up you jock-tards that think you know all about wolverine because you read one freaking comic , or watched the X-Men movies.Get over yourself , and read a few more . Like umm , Origins ... ? Sure they left out some stuff . But , They -LRB- meaning hollywood -RRB- , are dumb as a rule so they ca n't / wo n't get everything right.But as a whole it was good . Just enjoy it for the prize it was and move on with your pretty little life.Hey at least you finally got to see Gambit , and Deadpool . And if you do n't know who they are , then you should just choke yourself , because you are n't a real wolverine/X-Men fan.And do n't get me started on the X-Men Franchise ...
 I have n't seen the film yet , but everyone that I have talked to and has seen it said that is was AWSOME !!! I did get to play the PS3 game and it was kewl and I am planning on buying the dvd and blue ray -LRB- 1 of each for my collection -RRB- , and plan on watching it.I ca n't wait to se it.Hugh Jackman as Wolverine can do no wrong in my eyes !! I have read some of the reviews on here and noticed there are alot of well wishers . Meaning that they wanted to see this film like the comics have told the story , but come on folks if you really thought that was going to happen then you did n't watch any of the DC based films did ya ?!!! here 's the way I see it , . . at least you get to see your favorite character come to life.You finally got to see your hero kick some butt.Comics are fantasy , not real life , . . the Incrediable Hulk went through alot in the 70s and then look what they did to his latest films , ... take it with a grain of salt all.I am antsy about the Captin America film being made -LRB- someday -RRB- , I guess all we ALL can do is HOPE that someone will take this movie and keep it as close to the character and the history of the character as close as possible.But then again folks we 're talking about HollyWeird , nothing is ever close with them people , even their real lives.So until then , . . You can make mine MARVEL bub !!! Wolvie
 My DVD came on time . It was in good condition . I would buy from this seller again .
 Two mutant brothers , Logan and Victor , born 200 years ago , suffer childhood trauma and have only each other to depend on . Basically , they 're fighters and killers , living from war to war through U.S. history . In modern times , a U.S. colonel , Stryker , recruits them and other mutants as commandos . Logan quits and becomes a logger , falling in love with a local teacher . When Logan refuses to rejoin Stryker 's crew , the colonel sends the murderous Victor . Logan now wants revenge . Expect to be entertained .
 I have seen this movie four times . I have n't seen the other X-Men movies or read the comic books so I ca n't rate it on authenticity . All I can say is OH MY GOD ! Logan , Gambit , and Dead Pool are sooooooo hot it 's scary . Girls , do n't miss this one ! And it even has a great plot !
 The movie X-men origins wolverine is very scary . The film was made 2009 . I think that the scenes in the movie are realistic . The fighting scenes are violent and action-packed . The movie has a lot of special effects . When Wolverine gets angry knives come out of his hands . This movie has two heroes and one heroine .
 Okay , so it was n't the best written . Hugh Jackman is still fun to watch . It seems like most of these reviews are from men . Well from a female perspective , Hugh did fine by me . I hope there is a sequel , because I enjoy the Wolverine character .
 I always liked the X-Men series . Hugh Jackman is great . The digital copy is a nice added bonus .
 X Men Origins opened up the X-Men story by clarifying the beginning of Wolverine and how the government used mutants for their reasons . A good movie which sets the stage -LRB- after the credits -RRB- for another exhilarating X Men movie .
 I was never a fan of the X-Men comic books , but X-Men is probably the best action hero/comic book movie out there . Unlike many other such movies , such asFantastic Four -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- , which are simply an excuse to have a bunch of action scenes and special effects , X-Men actually has a well-developed plot , good acting , as well as impressive special effects . Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellan as the two main mutants make the movie , are fantastic add emotional depth , but X-Men also includes a strong supporting cast , including Hugh Jackman and Hallie Berri . Overall , I was very pleasantly surprised by X-Men . Definitely worth checking out , even if you 're not usually into this type of movie .
 Director Gavin Hood pulls together an enjoyable , if not especially profound , survey of the most popular X-Man 's missing years . Moving mainly in fits and starts through most of two centuries , it shows how a sickly young boy becomes an angry fighter , shrugs off mortal wounds , and loses interest in being alive . And then , at the last moment , he rediscovers what he believes in -- and it costs him everything.Hood teases out little hints dropped in the prior movies , turning disconnected images into a coherent narrative . Though nothing particularly surprising or revelatory takes place , the film at least acquits itself with a number of good set pieces , a realistic science fiction conflict and rationally motivated characters . It does a good job setting up where Wolverine came from , and opening doors for where he might go.And the acting is strong . Hugh Jackman proves once again that he 's able to carry off an action hero who suffers the full range of human emotions . Danny Huston 's Colonel Stryker is smart but in love with his own intelligence . And who knew brainy Liev Schreiber could hulk out and play such a powerful villain ? If there 's a real shock in this film , it 's a previously unseen side of Schreiber.All in all , this movie is good . While it lacks the moving intensity of the first two X-Men movies , it entertains and engages , pulling viewers through a story that keeps us hooked as we wait to see secrets revealed . X-Men fans and action movie devotees will find plenty to like in this fun , muscular film .
 I am a fan of the X-Men series movies and this is the first one that I got in BD . Well now I have to go back and replace al my previews movies to BD . Love BD .
 The movie is awesome !!! , however , I was expecting something more . The dvd is new , and in perfect condition , it 's just that it 's only one disc with not so many features . I guess I should buy the blu-ray version .
 Wow !!! What can I say but that this installment in the X-men franchise did not disappoint !! I did not read the comics growing up so I have no idea if they took dramatic license on wolverine 's background but if the screen writer and director stuck with the comic book , it was great to know the back story of Wolverine.I had no idea he was soooooo old !!!! Anyway , talk about action packed !!!! From the beginning of the film until the end , your attention is captured . This flick had some character -LRB- s -RRB- I would have liked to have seen in the previous X-men movies . Specifically , Gambit ! I know more than likely others would disagree but I wanted to know more about his background.Wow , I could go on and on and on about how great this movie is so I am going to end this review by saying that I highly recommend it !!!!
 Not much of a fan of X-Men but really enjoyed `` Wolverine '' . Fantastic action and great cast . The best of any X-Men movies so far .
 Seeing these movies in Blu-ray format for the first time I was blown away at all the little details that I missed in the past . Since I got them at a bundle price from Amazon it made it all the sweeter !!!
 All i got to say is i am very happy with this combo i bought.The graphics and the special effects i dont think i will ever get bored of especially on a 52inch 1080p hdtv.I have Been a big xmen fan since i was a kid in all i can say is i dont think i will ever get tired of it.What i also liked from these blu-rays is that they all come with digital copys to download to your ipods or computers wich i did with my laptop so i can watch if im out and about.I just really hope theres gon na be more xmen movies to come .
 i enjoyed this film . It 's full-packed and breath-taking action film . One thing i like with this purchased is that it comes with the digital copy so i can watch it over and over again through my itouch .
 bought this during the Thanksgiving/traditional black friday week . not only was it an incredible bargain , but the item arrived before I had any reason to check on shipping progress . Nephew loved it ! thanks , Amazon for an incredible gift !
 A great movie destined to be a classic , Wolverine is as cool as he was in the comic book when I was a kid . Well made with excellent fx , I recommend this for anyone , although there are parts not suitable for younger viewers .
 X-Men Origines
 Overall the movie was quite a thriller . Although quite a few of the digital enhancements were quite noticeable , the movie itself was good . It fills in the information of who he was before he joined the XMEN and even before he lost his memory .
 I give the seller alot of credit , very punctual and professional . Recommend to all Amazon clients .
 I received my item very quickly and it was wrapped very well so that no damage was caused . thank you for your great customer service !
 I think this was great . The opening sequence is outstanding and the storyline reveals a great deal . Well worth the time !
 In `` X-Men , '' we were introduced to a man known only as Logan , aka The Wolverine . Now , the story behind Wolverine is revealed ... Hugh Jackman stars in the explosive , action-packed prequel to `` X-MEN . '' Liev Schreiber joins the cast as Victor Creed , Logan 's brother with a dark secret . And the fun is just beginning ... To say any more would spoil the pleasure . Ryan Reynolds co-stars as Wade Wilson -LRB- shame his screen time was so short -RRB- . Danny Huston -LRB- the HBO miniseries `` John Adams '' -RRB- also stars as William Stryker , a mysterious figure with ulterior motives . The movie is fun from hair-raising beginning to the exciting bitter end . Rated PG-13 , but should have been rated PG .
 A BRAN NEW PACKAGE WITH BRTAN NEW DVDS BLUERAY , VERY GOOD ALWAYS TRUST WORTHY ARE AMAZON AND THE WAY THEY DO BUSINESS LOVE DOING BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY THE CHEAPEST AND BEST QUALITY TY > . RICHARD > -LRB- BLACKEYE767 -RRB-
 So many reviews already , so will just add my rating to the overall score and add a few comments.Overall , a great action movie well-played by the charismatic HJ . Think they could have cast Sabretooth and Gambit better but they did not do a bad job -LRB- just did n't match the movie in my mind . -RRB-
 was a good moive not as scary as i thought , but still worth watching , fash shipping good packing , will buy more
 this film is an honest portrayal of the complex lives that women over 35 lead -- families , career , changing roles -- and except for some cliched moments in the beginning , was a beautiful exploration of the second `` coming of age '' that we all experience in our lives . Great acting . Fantastic directing . Good job , Sam Hull !!!
 Length :
 Wow ... crazy man ! There really are no words to explain the feeling I got from this movie . Yah got ta see it to believe it . One last thing ... take these words of advise ... `` This ai n't my drivin ' cup ... . YOU WANT ME TO SPILL COFFEE ON MA'SELF WHEN I 'M DRIVIN ' !
 JOLIES CHARACTER CATCHES A RIDE FROM LA TO HER HOME INTHE MOJAVE DESERT . SHE FALLS IN LOVE WITH THE DRIVER AL. . AL FALLS IN LOVE WITH HER MOTHER JULIE . JULIE 'S BOYFRIEND GOES BESERK . ALL SORTS OF WEIRF THINGS HAPPEN THAT WEEKEND UNDER THE MOJAVE MOOM . JM
 I loved the music in this movie , but ca n't find a soundtrack . Any way to find out the music score/artists ?
 this movie was awesome , and i mean awesome . it was so awesome that it got a little spooky at parts . anyway , what a charmingly weird story with charmingly weird characters ... there 's something about anne archer here ... it makes me really happy when i come across a movie like this every now and then ... this is the kind of life that all the danny aiello 's of the world should be fortunate enough to live ...
 This movie is good for no other reason than Angelina Jolie , but DannyAiello was also good . The confusion of the start of the movie was neveranswered completely until the end . Good directing and script . The desertbrought back memior 's of when I was stationed at Barstow , good shots .
 JOLIES CHARACTER BUMS A RIDE FROM LA TO HER HOME IN THE MOJAVE DESERT FROM AL. . SHE FALLS IN LOVE WITH AL. . AL FALLS IN LOVE WIT HER MOTHER JULIE / JULIES BOYFRIEND GOES BESERK . ALL SORTS OF WEIRD THINGS HAPPEND UNDER THE MOJAVE MOON THAT WEEKEND . JM
 If you 're a fan of Ms. Jolie , buy this and enjoy her in it . She plays a 20 year old vamp who seduces Danny Aiello in a flagrant , delicious way that only Angelina could . If you do n't feel a sudden intake of breath when she struts into the diner early in the movie , then you need to switch back to Regis and Kelly . Angelina 's not a major character , but she 's on screen enough for me to feel fine about my mini-buck investment . The movie itself is a bizarre little noir that has it 's moments -LRB- decent acting , OK script , good desert atmosphere -RRB- and its non-moments -LRB- uneven directing , plot holes -RRB- , but not bad . The movie rates a 3 , Angelina rates a 5 , you do the math .
 I being in love with Angelina Jolie will watch any movie of hers , even if the movie was n't so great . I of course enjoyed this movie with her being in it but it was also a stretch from the norm . It was delightful and funny but weird at the same time . Especially with its cast members like Ann Archer and Danny Aiello . It 's great when actors take a chance on a movie even though it may not be a mega blockbuster hit . I watch this movie over and over and find it interesting all the time . The soundtrack is great as well . One thing , where can I find any of the songs on this soundtrack ? If you know , drop me a line .
 This movie features Angelina Jolie in her prime -LRB- BEFORE she became a star -RRB- , Michael Biehn at his most psychotic , Danny Aielloat his most befuddled , Anne Archer sweet and sexy and a plotwith more twists and turns than a mountain road . Having said that , this is one of the GREAT `` Murphy 's Law '' comedies of all time ! Nothing seems to go quite right for poor Danny Aiellountil the very end . Meanwhile , we are treated to cadevars thatwo n't stay put , robbers and gunslingers who ca n't shoot straight , an actor with more technique than conviction -LRB- brilliantly playedby Alfred Molina -RRB- and a nice , but brief nude scene from AngelinaJolie . Implausible events pile up on one another like dead bodies in a Clint Eastwood shoot-em-up , yet everything is donewith a wink and a totally vacant stare that keeps you involved.The reaction shots on the actors ' faces are priceless!This movie is n't for everyone , but if you like your comediesoddball to off-the-wall , you 'll LOVE this one !
 Penelope Cruz shines in this drama , which is from the director of Volver and Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown . A must see for lovers of foreign cinema .
 As a fan of Almodovar , I was n't sure what to expect but was sure I would n't be disappointed . I knew it was up for many awards . Though Pen&eacute;lope Cruz is the big attraction -LRB- and is luminous as always -RRB- , Llus Homar is the central character , and is exceptional , a thoroughly centered performance , a difficut role . This is a great mystery , with loads of suspense . The time frames are a little hard to follow at first , but all settles in after about the first half-hour . It all makes sense , and it 's worth it . Excellent support from Blanca Portillo , Jos&eacute; Luis Gomez , and drop-dead handsome Tamar Novas , all perfectly cast . I 've read some of the other reviews , and it 's apparent that I liked it a lot more than many others ; it totally worked for me , and my admiration of Almodovar is intact . A clever and pitch-perfect homage to American film noir -LRB- Laura , Bad and the Beautiful -RRB- , I highly recommend `` Broken Embraces '' . Pay attention and you 'll be rewarded . Great DVD extras , especially `` The Cannibalistic Counselor '' , an excerpt from the film that might 've been . Hilarious !
 Penelope Cruz happens to be one of my favorite actresses . She played a very difficult roll , but as I see it she is like a good wine she keeps getting better and better with time . I enjoyed the film very much , It is an exellent film , the plot is a bit complicated but very interesting the caracters are very well chosen . Almadovar the Spanish movie Director is the best when portraying women 's complicated lives .
 About 40 minutes into it all the players , past and present , came together then it took off with Cruz as the love interest of both the rich guy and the producer . But then the movie slowed down for me at the end with the re-shooting of Mateo 's botched film . That scene felt off-key compared to the vibe of the rest of the movie . It was like a comedy sketch tacked on the end of a drama/thriller . Wierd . That ending could have been left off with the movie concluding shortly after showing how Mateo got blind and the `` confession '' of his assistant .
 I liked the story , but everything else was predictable & stale.relationships , jealousy , pretty women , homosexualityLife goes on .
 This movie is not a typical movie for an American audience , but it is so rich , and so moving , that you feel like you become part of the story . All the characters are believable , and after five minutes , you forget that you are dealing with those nasty little sub-titles . It is both sexual and sensual , and yet has a depth that forces thought.Broken Embraces was on my top five movie list for 2009 , and I 'd recommend it to anyone who likes a well told story .
 Pedro Almod&oacute;var is a singular talent , with movies that could come only from his unique hand . This is n't the masterful stuff ofVolver , Talk to Her -LRB- Hable con Ella -RRB- orAll About My Mother , which are his apex in my opinion . But any Almod&oacute;var outdistances most other offerings by a fair mile . `` Los Abrazos Rotos '' is certainly up to his very high standards.Of course , any pairing between Almod&oacute;var and Pen&eacute;lope Cruz is bound to be magic . It 's no different here . Cruz is the world 's top working actress , in no small part due to their collaboration , most notably in ` Volver , ' which I think stands as the top film for both of them . Regular Almod&oacute;var players Llu&iacute;s Homar -LRB- Spain 's Kelsey Grammer -RRB- and Blanca Portillo are here , too , as is my personal favorite , Lola Due & ntilde ; as , a quirky beauty whose slightly dizzy smile and eyes are always elicit a yelp of delight from this viewer . The only problem here is that there 's not enough of her . She puts in only a cameo as a lip reader.Speaking of cameos , Spanish beauty Kira Mir&oacute; puts in an indelible one at the outset of the film . -LSB- She 's not missable . -RSB- It got me thinking about a similar role she had inThe Perfect Crime -LRB- El Crimen Perfecto -RRB- , &Aacute;lex de la Iglesia mostly unseen dark comedic masterpiece . What a country Spain is for film ! If there 's a Film Quality Per Capita Index -LRB- I 'm inventing it -RRB- , Spain tops the league table or maybe shares it with Israel.But back to Almod&oacute;var
 Pedro Almodovar 's fourth film with Pen&eacute;lope Cruz is not as strong as earlier work but well worth viewing . To see Cruz act using her native language you realize her breadth and depth . Consider viewing all of the Almondovar/Cruz films but if only one more , select Volvar . Because it is a DVD it , fortunately , arrived with no damage during the transit .
 I love Almodovar and all his movies . I have my collection of movies , and this is one of the missing ones .
 Volver gave me an appreciation of Pen&eacute;lope Cruz that i did not previously have . i LOVE Pen&eacute;lope Cruz through the lens Pedro Almod&oacute;var . Mr. Almod&oacute;var fully utilized the all that Ms. Cruz has to offer . i LOVE that Pedro Almod&oacute;var obviously has an appreciation for -LRB- my FAVORITE director -RRB- Alfred Hitchcock . BUT the non-linear trajectory of Volver was somewhat confusing at times .
 Technically beautiful , and well acted by the leads -LRB- some of the supporting cast is less than stellar -RRB- , but there 's a bit toomuch in this film-noir/comedy/romantic tragedy that feels over-the-top , for it to be a great film . And the homages toHitchcock , Sirk , Amodovar 's younger self , etc. walk the line between amusing and distracting.That said , this did improve on a second viewing , and became a more emotional and satisfying experience.A now blind writer remembers his past as a director with a different name who had a great love affair with hisleading lady -LRB- Penelope Cruz , beautiful and wonderful as always -RRB- , much to the fury of her powerful , industrialistsugar-daddy . Never boring , often enthralling , but somehow ultimately just a tiny touch less than the sum of its parts .
 Thought this movie was great . Penelope did a very good job of playing three different chardcters . Pretty sad story but then again what 'd you expect from a drama/love story .
 Pedro Almod&oacute;var is a singular talent , with movies that could come only from his unique hand . This is n't the masterful stuff ofVolver , Talk to Her -LRB- Hable con Ella -RRB- orAll About My Mother , which are his apex in my opinion . But any Almod&oacute;var outdistances most other offerings by a fair mile . `` Los Abrazos Rotos '' is certainly up to his very high standards.Of course , any pairing between Almod&oacute;var and Pen&eacute;lope Cruz is bound to be magic . It 's no different here . Cruz is the world 's top working actress , in no small part due to their collaboration , most notably in ` Volver , ' which I think stands as the top film for both of them . Regular Almod&oacute;var players Llu&iacute;s Homar -LRB- Spain 's Kelsey Grammer -RRB- and Blanca Portillo are here , too , as is my personal favorite , Lola Due & ntilde ; as , a quirky beauty whose slightly dizzy smile and eyes are always elicit a yelp of delight from this viewer . The only problem here is that there 's not enough of her . She puts in only a cameo as a lip reader.Speaking of cameos , Spanish beauty Kira Mir&oacute; puts in an indelible one at the outset of the film . -LSB- She 's not missable . -RSB- It got me thinking about a similar role she had inThe Perfect Crime -LRB- El Crimen Perfecto -RRB- , &Aacute;lex de la Iglesia mostly unseen dark comedic masterpiece . What a country Spain is for film ! If there 's a Film Quality Per Capita Index -LRB- I 'm inventing it -RRB- , Spain tops the league table or maybe shares it with Israel.But back to Almod&oacute;var
 One of the most respected and most successful Spanish filmmakers internationally is Pedro Almodovar . Known for creating films with complex narratives , showcasing vibrant colors and are melodramas , the filmmaker created his most expensive and longest film in 2009 shot in Spain titled `` Los Abrazaos Rotos '' -LRB- Broken Embraces -RRB- . In `` Broken Embraces '' , the film is about time lost and jealousy . The film begins with the present as a man named `` Harry Caine '' -LRB- played by Lluis Homar -RRB- , a blind writer who lives his life with his agent Judit -LRB- played by Blanco Portillo -RRB- and her son Diego -LRB- played by Tamar Novas -RRB- . But life chances for Harry when he finds out that the wealthy millionaire named Ernesto Martel -LRB- played by Jose Luis Gomez -RRB- has died.The story then shows us a flashback to 1994 . Lena -LRB- played by Penelope Cruz -RRB- works for Ernesto Martel but one day , she is called by her mother about her sick father who was supposed to undergo surgery but since the doctor planned to go on vacation , with no backup doctor in sight , Lena 's father was good as dead.Knowing the money and power of Ernesto , she asks for his help and he gives it to her . And from that point , Ernesto and Lena become a couple . But Lena has always dreamed of becoming an actress and for Ernesto , what best than to produce a film with one of the best Spanish directors out there ... . Mateo Blanco -LRB- who at the time has great eyesight -RRB- . Filming goes well but immediately , both Lena and Mateo have this sexual attraction that leads the two to have a passionate tryst . What they do n't know is that their relationship is under the close eye of Ernesto 's videographer son aka `` Ray X '' who films the two and the video is then read by a mouth reader and translated to Ernesto . Ernesto learns that the woman he loves is having sexual liasons with his director and he is not too thrilled about it.Lena is so in love with Mateo and cant ' stand having sex with the older Ernesto that she is through with the relationship but Ernesto is not going to let her go.The film is eventually completed but in this course of time , somehow Lena ends up dead , Mateo ends up blind and long kept secrets are about to be revealed over 14 years later.VIDEO : `` Broken Embraces '' is featured in 1080p High Definition -LRB- 2:35:1 -RRB- . If there is one thing that cinema fans can expect from a Pedro Almodovar film , his films are gorgeous . Working together with Director of Photography Rodrigo Prieto , the two managed to create an absolutely beautiful and vibrant film with beautiful images captured on the big screen.From breathtaking shots and well done character placement in the scene , `` Broken Embraces '' is just a beautiful film to look at and once again , Sony Pictures Home Entertainment has done a remarkable job in bring this film to Blu-ray . Colors are vibrant , blacks are nice and deep , great amount of detail from the freckles to age spots on the skin to the beautiful cinematography captured in this film.AUDIO & SUBTITLES : `` Broken Embraces '' is presented in Spanish 5.1 DTS HD-MA and French 5.1 Dolby Digital . This melodrama is primarily front and center channel driven with its dialogue and the original score by Alberto Iglesias . But there are moments where surround channels are used effectively from the slight ambiance of footsteps in a hospital scene , to hearing crowd ambiance at the beach or a restaurant.Dialogue is clear and understandable . Music sounds absolutely beautiful and for the most part , this lossless soundtrack is quite satisfactory for this type of film.Subtitles are in English , English SDH and French.SPECIAL FEATURES : `` Broken Embraces '' comes with the following special features in Standard and High Definition with English and Spanish Stereo and optional English subtitles : * Deleted Scenes - A total of three deleted scenes
 Broken Embraces -LRB- Los abrazos rotos -RRB- DVD Review1 Disc Widescreen Edition -LRB- 2009 -RRB- `` Broken Embraces '' was a 2010 Golden Globe Nominee for Best Foreign Language Film , written and directed by Pedro Almod&oacute;var . This story is about Mateo Blanco -LRB- Llu&iacute;s Homar -RRB- who used to be a film director and went under the alias Harry Caine as a screenwriter . Fourteen years ago , a car accident took his sight and the love of his life , Lena away from him . To distract his production manager 's son after an accident , he tells the story of Lena -LRB- Penelope Cruz -RRB- , how they met , and how they ended.In the beginning , this movie jumps around a lot into the past and back to the present to show you where Mateo is now being a screenwriter only under the name Harry Caine and still managing to seduce women by luring them back to his place to read the paper for him . His manager , Judit -LRB- Blanca Portillo -RRB- and her son , Diego -LRB- Tamar Novas -RRB- take good care of him and keep unscrupulous people -LRB- like Lena 's former lover 's son -RRB- away from him . When Diego takes ill , Mateo admits his former name and tells the story of how Lena came to audition for him as an actress and their relationship from that point on . Llu&iacute;s Homar plays a younger , happier version of his character as a director and in love and then also has to play the older version of his character as a blind man and how the accident changed his personality to be more cynical and cut off emotionally from others around him . Particularly in his blind scenes , I felt Homar really hit his mark and performs exceptionally well with the difficulties of portraying a handicap physically and emotionally.Lena 's story begins with the difficult situation of being poor with a sick father and being willing to do anything to help him . This leads her to be under the thumb of an abusive older jealous man , Ernesto Martel -LRB- Jos&eacute; Luis G&oacute;mez -RRB- . Penelope Cruz really ends up playing three characters , the woman Lena is , the woman she has to pretend to be , and the role she plays as an actress in a movie being made within this film . In keeping all these identities straight , she does an admirable job . She 's a beautiful woman and her character becomes the obsession of more than one man , one whom she loves and the other whom takes advantage of her physically whenever possible and has his son stalk her with a video camera . Cruz steals the movie with her appearance and demeanor , particularly in vulnerable situations.The style of `` Girls and Suitcases '' , the film Mateo is making is vibrant with colors that pop and light humor . Since you are watching a film being made , there are several takes that do n't work because of Lena 's emotional state . Besides watching this movie in a different language where it 's a little more difficult to discern audible inflections , you have to figure out if the `` Girls and Suitcases '' scenes are hitting their comic notes or not . I found it difficult to judge the comedic success of Mateo 's film on this level . It is much easier when Lena is being herself or the identity she shows as a mistress to connect with her emotional state . Lena is acting the majority of the time and has to be afraid of the consequences of showing her true feelings . The heart of the matter is her struggle to achieve the destiny she wants with the man she truly loves even though the audience knows she is doomed from the start.A tragic love affair contrasted with a light comedy in storytelling mode to another character is n't easy to pull off and I felt the director really handled the load well changing up the moods with color , music , and guiding his actors through the levels . I recommend this for one viewing if you like to expand your horizons , but it probably wo n't be for everyone . It is n't the best foreign film I saw from 2009 , but it definitely has its merits.DVD Extras : The deleted scenes mostly make sense for not being cut . One reminds me of `` When In Rome '' that I saw recently because it has the group of three going to a restaurant where they eat in the dark and it results in another character 's emotional breakdown . Another scene though is from the movie the Mateo made that connects the last scene you see from his movie in this film to the short film also on this DVD , `` A Cannibalistic Councillor . '' I 'd recommend watching the deleted scenes first so you can go right into the short film . It 's a bit of a showpiece for the comic actress opposite Penelope as she goes on a rampage eating in the kitchen and snorting cocaine and it 's a very funny monologue ... but it makes a lot more sense if you get to see what happens first in that cut scene.There 's a sequence were Pedro directs Penelope and I have to say , it is impressive for his ability to translate exactly what he wants as a director , but he does n't give Penelope a lot of room for error or exploration because he directly gives her the subtext and line delivery on her takes . It seems very distracting ! I guess he wants to surprise her into very honest takes that are exactly what he wants but it does n't given her any extra creativity oddly enough.There is a feature of Red Carpet footage from the New York Film Festival Closing Night and has some interview questions with Penelope Cruz and Pedro Almod&oacute;var . And lastly , a Variety questions and answers session with Penelope Cruz about working on this film that is insightful into the rehearsal process and her character development.This DVD is being released March 16 , 2010 .
 Pedro Almod&oacute;var continues his unique reputation for making films that are in some ways outrageous , richly colorful , populated with his seemingly near private cadre of actors - all taking us into a world that requires us to piece together elements of his intense imagination and gift of communication . BROKEN EMBRACES -LRB- LOS ABRAZOS ROTOS -RRB- is a fine example of how this gifted writer and director can take what appears to be a simple story and give it so many levels of penetrating meaning that we learn more about ourselves by just watching the film.In many ways this most current art piece is a film within a film about a film that has been filmed ! It is a story about a film writer and director whose life is altered by the appearance of a key figure - a twisting and turning entanglement of plots that requires intense concentration to follow . The time frames vary from 1992 to 2008 and the changes in the characters -LRB- the main character goes from a sighted man to a blind man -RRB- and Almod&oacute;var 's method in unraveling this mystery and tale of love and death is cinematically magical . Pen&eacute;lope Cruz is extraordinarily fine as Lena , the female crux of the conflicts , Llu&iacute;s Homar is the central writer director Mateo Blanco / Harry Caine , Blanca Portillo is the important but enigmatic Judit Garc&iacute;a , Jos&eacute; Luis G&oacute;mez plays the center of evil Ernesto Martel , and the rest of the cast is also filled with fine actors . This film explores Almod&oacute;var 's sense of the bizarre , of the fantastical color he sees in life , and yet also brings to life the tenderness and vulnerability of each of his characters as well as anyone writing for the screen today . A fine film that deserves a much wider audience . Grady Harp , March 10
 Harry Caine is a blind screenwriter , watched over by his former production assistant , Judit , and her son , Diego . His simple routine is upset when he hears of the death of a wealthy tycoon , and is later visited by the dead man 's son in disguise . Pressed by Diego to explain , Harry recounts the tragic tale of how he , then known as Mateo Blanco , had fallen in love and had an affair with the tycoon 's former lover , when she played a role in a film he was then directing , and of the accident that left him blind . The story itself is convoluted but clear enough - and I ca n't quite understand all the complaints about the story being confusing since film noir often tells a story within a story and keeps the audience guessing . Things are resolved in the end , and nearly every loose strand is tied . This one adds to the usual complexities a reflection on cinema , and two films within the film , and explores what it takes to revisit and remake the past so as to go on living.It is a very poignant and at times quite amusing film about memory , lies , double lives , jealousy and revenge . Beautifully filmed with the eye for vibrant color and beauty that Almodovar is known for , the film also serves as a reminder of the changes in film technology that have occurred over the past few decades , and of the changes that have taken place in Almodovar 's own style as a filmmaker , given that the film within the film suggests the more melodramatic and stylized work of his past . The film within a film bears a striking resemblance toWomen on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown , the film that placed Almodovar on the world stage as one of the most intriguing of auteurs . Perhaps not among his greatest masterpieces - likeAll About My MotherorTalk to Her -LRB- Hable con Ella -RRB- , which are my personal favorites - but still a very entertaining and provocative new film by one of the greatest living filmmakers . Highly recommended.Update
 Yet another absorbing human drama from Pedro Almadovar , surely the most interesting filmmaker working today . It begins as we meet the protagonist , a blind writer who has abandoned his true name and goes by the pseudonym Harry Caine . Gradually we learn through his web of complex relationships how he lost his sight and his soul.We flash back to the 1980s . Harry is directing a comedy -- and his female lead , Lena , played by Cruz , is the mistress of an elderly but extremely rich and extremely possessive industrialist . Of course , Harry and Lena fall in love . We also meet other key characters -- Harry 's agent who is in love with him , her son who helps look after him and the industrialist 's son who is plain weird and creepy.This movie unfolds like a thriller . The landscapes , especially the stark , volcanic terrain of the Canary Isles where the climax takes place , add immensely to the experience . There are some unforgettable images -- one that I ca n't get out of my mind is a close-up of Harry 's two hands outlined against a projection screen . On the screen is a fuzzy image of him kissing Lena -- but of course he ca n't see it because he 's blind.Cruz gives yet another wonderful performance . She is of course strikingly beautiful but she 's not afraid to be photographed looking haggard and bereft . She 's also not afraid to bare her body to advance the plot or our understanding of her love for Harry.In the end , the movie is about redemption -- about how people suffer incredible tragedy but find ways to carry on with the support of those who love them ; about how souls can heal eventually although the hurt always remains .
 `` Broken Embraces '' marks Almodovar 's first self homage , moving from the overwrought melodramas of Douglas Sirk to the equally over-the-top telenovella style of `` Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown '' , quoted here as a film within a film . Starring Penelope Cruz , the director 's resident muse , in a performance of dazzling physical beauty and deeply wrought emotionalism , Almodovar 's film visually links her to both Audrey Hepburn and Marilyn Monroe , in the process making the case for Cruz as one of this point in film history 's reigning icons.Beginning with the positioning of a blinded filmmaker as his main character , Almodovar explores the themes of filmmaking , betrayal and parent/child relationships with vigor and imagination . After shout-outs to both Bunuel and Hitchcock , `` Embraces '' concludes with a son serving as his blinded father 's eyes and father , mother and son working together to redeem both a family and a film . This is a filmmaker 's and a film viewer 's dream vision .
 I had seen this movie at a theater , and bought it to share with family who had not seen it . This is a typical Almod&oacute;var film with all the `` unexpected '' twists that one comes to expect from this versatile producer .
 There has not been a film made by the Spanish director Pedro Almodovar that I have not seen yet . His latest film `` Broken Embraces '' has beautiful Penelope Cruz in a lead female role that she carries on well as always . Although the story is unique , it definitely is a typical Almodovar movie in which he employs many of his ideas from the previous films . Homosexuality , obsessive love , revenge and femme fatale are themes his fans will recognise quickly throughout the film.This is a story of two people who loved each other deeply and sincerely . Power , money and possesiveness got in a way of them being together and like most doomed relationships , this one was not to last . The mere impossibility of such love to exist makes this story so lovely and touching.Must see movie , regardless if this is the first film by this director you have ever seen , or one out of many .
 I loved this film when I saw it in the big screen . It felt as if Almodovar had reached a turning point . Visually stunning , I encourage you to see this film several times for visual cues in the story .
 Pedro Almod&oacute;var is flying high -- he is on a class of his own . Very few moviemakers have been able to consistently release film after film as well-crafted as this prodigious Spanish director . After his work finally became very visible in the United States since the heavily acclaimed `` Women on the Edge of a Nervous Breakdown '' -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , his movies just keep getting better and better . Happily , he can now add the brilliant and absorbing `` Broken Embraces '' -LRB- Los Abrazos Rotos -RRB- to his remarkable career.Like almost any other Almod&oacute;var film , `` Broken Embraces '' takes time to build , slowly boiling down to a heavy climax . In this case , the story fluctuates between the nineties and 2008 , when the movie begins . We meet Harry Caine -LRB- Llu&iacute;s Homar , whose face reminds me of Laurence Olivier -RRB- , a successful script writer who happens to be blind . We also meet Judit -LRB- Blanca Portillo -RRB- , his agent , as well as Diego -LRB- Tamar Novas -RRB- , his personal assistant . One day , Harry learns about the death of Ernesto Martel -LRB- Jos&eacute; Luis G&oacute;mez -RRB- , a powerful businessman , with whom he previously had a connection -- they both loved the same woman -LRB- Pen&eacute;lope Cruz -RRB- . With Martel 's death , Harry has to reconcile with the past , before he became blind , and was known as Mateo Blanco , a successful film director . In doing so , he is in for more surprises , concluding that `` films have to be finished , even if you do it blindly . `` Almod&oacute;var has said that `` Broken Embraces '' is about love between four people . That may be the case , because love is the main determinant in everybody 's lives in this story . However , there is also a great amount of intrigue and some moments of humor - Spanish style - that elevate the film above from the romance realm . Only Almod&oacute;var has that touch , and his movies are always welcome . The Blu-ray also includes deleted scenes ; segments of Almod&oacute;var directing Pen&eacute;lope Cruz ; `` The Cannibalistic Councillor , '' a short film by Almod&oacute;var ; Q&A ; with Pen&eacute;lope Cruz ; and more . -LRB- Spain , 2009 , color , 127 min plus additional materials -RRB- Reviewed by Eric Gonzalez exclusively for -LSB- . . -RSB- on March 17 , 2010 .
 I have been waiting for A Cottage on Dartmoor to be released for quite some time . It has the reputation of being one of the last great silent films to be made in Britian or anywhere.The movie opens with a prisoner escaping Dartmoor prison and running through the moors . His destination is a cottage where a woman tends to her child . When she looks up and sees the escaped prisoner , she shouts his name and introduces the flashback that will make up most of the film.The prisoner was once a barber named Joe who was obsessively in love with a pretty manicurist named Sally . She shrinks from his advances and falls for a unsophisticated but kindly farmer . As their romance deepens , so does Joe 's instability.As a film , A Cottage on Dartmoor deserves its reputation . Director Anthony Asquith -LRB- who would go on to make sophisticated drawing room comedies -RRB- uses rapid cross-cutting to create suspense . He also inserts unrelated footage to symbolize the character 's stae of mind . Sometimes it works well but other times -LRB- such as the cord snapping during the famous shaving scene -RRB- it all just seems to be too much.Swedish leading man Uno Henning is particularly good as the obsessed Joe . Like his contemporary , Lars Hanson , Henning excells at intensity . His very stylized acting contrasts well with the down to earth flirtateousness of Norah Baring as Sally and Hans Schlettow as her country lover . HE seems akward and out of place even before the more disturbing aspects of his character are revealed.At 87 minutes , the movie moves along at a brisk pace , although the scene in the movie theater did get rather tedious . I highly recommend the film for silent movie buffs and anyone who enjoys a good suspense film.Included on the same DVD is the documentary Silent Britian . British silent films have gotten a raw deal over the years . There were many amateurish productions to be sure but there were also some true gems which are now ignored . However , with its jingoistic tone and lack of substance , this documentary will do little to enlighten the public.Relying on gossip and speculation , the filmmakers go about trying to prove the British films were hobbled by a massive conspiracy hatched between Europe and the US . This is ridiculous since Germany experienced a boycott of their films during and after WWI yet their industry flourished . It all sounds like a bad case of sour grapes.The tone of the documentary might have been forgiven if there had been a lot of good clips of British productions . Unfortunately , half the time we are not shown the clips , we are shown the host watching the clips himself!More disturbing is the snickering tone the documentary takes toward the private lives of such stars as Ivor Novello and Mabel Poulton . It simply comes off as mean-spirited since the people involved are no longer alive to defend themselves.When the documentary gets to the Hithcock era , I thought someone had substituted a reel ofForgotten Silverby mistake ! We are informed that Hitchcock shot in the German style not because he studied film in Germany but because of the influence of an obscure writer who was never heard from again ! That 's all very well but it does n't explain why Hitch shouted `` Achtung ! '' instead of `` action '' . British silent film has been negelected and deserves some love and attention from modern film buffs . However , this documentary makes its point so petulantly and with such unnecessary vitriol that it makes it hard for a casual viewer to enjoy it and a film buff will just get annoyed.Verdict
 This is an important - if not also well overdue - DVD release of a near-forgotten and neglected gem of silent cinema which showcases all the highly artistic features cinema had reached in the late 1920s , just before the introduction of sound . Ranking as one of Britain 's best silent films along with `` Piccadilly '' and `` Hindle Wakes '' , `` A Cottage on Dartmoor '' however , stands out as artistically far superior , and would surely rate highly alongside the best of films worldwide . The style and techniques used in `` A Cottage on Dartmoor '' are similar to the German Expressionism and Soviet Avant Garde films of the same time period , with emphasis on using strong light and shadow contrasts , unusual camera angles , and many visual images to convey emotions and moods . A wonderful example of this is the few short scenes to express a man losing control of his jealous rage
 British silent cinema , generally disregarded for the past 80 years , receives its due in this new release from Kino International . A collaborative effort between them and the British Film Institute , it contains one of the greatest silent films coupled with a fascinating documentary about the history of silent film in Britain . A COTTAGE ON DARTMOOR is an early effort -LRB- 1929 -RRB- from director Anthony Asquith who would later direct the 1952 THE IMPORTANCE OF BEING EARNEST and was Helena Bonham Carter 's great-uncle . It combines the look of Murnau 's SUNRISE and the tension of Hitchcock 's THE LODGER with the maximum impact editing of Eisenstein 's BATTLESHIP POTEMKIN.Among the many fine set pieces is a scene set in a movie theatre where the audience is viewing a silent comedy and then a `` talkie '' . It focuses only on the audience and their reactions to what they see while cleverly -LRB- and poignantly -RRB- pointing out the differences between the two formats . The great new piano score by Stephen Horne is a big plus and once again points out how important silent film accompaniment is.SILENT BRITAIN is a 90 minute documentary hosted by Matthew Sweet that traces the development of moviemaking in the U.K. and explains why British silent movies were undervalued for so long . It 's sometimes a little too self-congratulatory but the history covered and the film clips highlighted more than make up for that and it leaves you hungry for more . A COTTAGE ON DARTMOOR is now the pick of the crop among the too few examples of British silent cinema on DVD . It joins HINDLE WAKES , PICCADILLY , and THE LODGER among the quality releases and hopefully will spur on others to follow . Definitely ranks among my favorite silent film releases to date .
 Stodgy Asquith was such a show-off in his youth ! A barber becomes obsessed w / his manicurist colleague , who 's just not into him . Asquith borrows tons from Eisenstein
 Not much on a story or acting level -LRB- story spoiler - jealous man who worksin barber/spa shop , in love w/co-worker , ends up killing the man who winsthe love of his obsession , later escapes from jail to get her as well -RRB- . But extremely impressive in it 's use of expressionist photography and editing . Thelook is like much later film noir , but often better -LRB- including a little Scorsese-esque fastpush in -RRB- , and the editing -LRB- and story structure -RRB- is very brave ; from the flashbackstructure of the whole story , to the super fast cutting in two sequences -LRB- including theinsertion on a single red frame -RRB- that makes most modern editing look safe anddull by comparison.Well worth a look for the beautiful , ahead-of-it 's - time techniques alone .
 If anybody is interested what cinema can do without stars and - without sound . Watch this ! It is a forgotten classic that shows that some examples of the late silent cinema are still pinnacles of cinematic art . The film could n't be made any better , not by Hitchcock , not by Lang or anybody else . It makes most of the films produced after this look weak and childish .
 Very well photographed and atmospheric . Well edited and directed . Print is very good condition and am glad we 're getting what little has survived of British silents .
 A small Texas town begins to experience true terror as first goats are killed and then people . Immediately , people begin thinking of El Chupacabra , the Mexican legend of the Goatsucker that drains goats of their blood . There are several groups we see react to the terror . We have the towns founding family , a group of teens , and some the local Mexicans . There is a lot of anti-Mexican sentiment by some of the characters but the wisest character in the film is a Mexican vet.Don ' t expect to see a whole lot of the monster . It is quick and deadly . The best view we get is when a bimbo tries to distract it by flashing her chest . Although the reports say victims bodies are drained , the action shows mangling . This monster film is framed a collection of some of the goofiest characters around . The town 's founding family is currently made up of an undertaker and his wife , their daughter , and two almost circus freak relations . They apparently have no standing in town . Most of the rest of the town is no better -LRB- get a load of the Sheriff and Deputy -RRB- . The only exceptions are the Mexicans . Although looked down on by most of the town they are the most normal . So add a monster with some reasonable effects and a Stephen King-style narration to this mix of characters and you get a pretty memorable monster flick . Check it out .
 Well , it really is a fun ride . I thought it was well put together for a B-movie . If you do n't like B Movies , you probably wo n't like this one . But if you like movies like `` Lewis and Clark Trail of Blood '' or `` The Creeping Terror '' you 'll like this on .
 Ca n't go wrong with a film that 's title already pays tribute to one of the greatest werewolf films of all time . Mexican Werewolf in Texas brought the monster horror film back to the desert . Not since the original Tremors has a film done this much to bring a local urban legend to the silver screen . Fun solid B-Movie for a good night in . Thank you Maverick for another gem of a film .
 Scary and fun ! I love it and you should definetly buy it ! This movie is definetly scary though if you live near or on a farm though . BE CAREFUL !!! All in all , excellent.That , and my grandmother was the preacher in this movie !!! GO GRANDMA JUDY !! buahaha
 I saw this movie at the Wisconsin Film Festival a few years ago . I split a gut it was so smart and so stupid . STUPID ! Watching the DVD I realized I missed so many jokes the first time . The helium addict was hysterical and Titler is outrageous . It 's definitely a movie to watch with a group that will need a designated driver at the end of the evening . Very funny stuff . But beware , it is too long and nobody will get all the pop culture references . I watched it with a MST3000 fan who did n't know who Barney Frank or Paul Ruddnick were . He did n't like it . It 's a lot more SNL than MST . I hope they make another one .
 I saw this movie when it came to the Boston Underground film festival . I could n't stop laughing . I am so glad that Refried flicks has finally made a DVD version . This is a really funny movie . Definitely worth seeing . I am especially fond of the songs !
 If you like Mystery Science Theatre you will love this movie . It deals quality laughs and the appeal never wears off after many views , very worth owning . Also the social commentary is sharp , so there 's substance behind the towering humor .
 DO N'T ASK , DO N'T TELL takes the 1954 schlocko classic `` Killers from Space '' , throws out the soundtrack and in Mystery Science Theater tradition , fashions an entirely new story.Let 's face it , `` Killers from Space '' was hardly a cinema masterpiece , despite Peter Graves -LRB- aka Captain Oveur from `` Airplane ! '' -RRB- in the lead role . The new story concerns Dr. Fartin -LRB- it 's French apparently -RRB- who is kidnapped by ping-pong ball bug-eyed aliens and turned gay . He tries to rail against his new sexual urges , only for the aliens to use him as a pawn in their masterplan to turn the entire male population into screaming queens ... Thanks to some gusset scenes and new characters -LRB- Nurse Bendover , Titler , Colonel Butz -RRB- , the story is given a new comical edge , and the original characters are given some hilarious new identities . This wo n't be everyone 's cup of java , but for cult cinema fans it 's a real treat.The DVD includes original trailers and publicity material for `` Killers from Space '' , plus additional extras about DO N'T ASK , DO N'T TELL . -LRB- Single-sided , single-layer disc -RRB- .
 I saw the movie when it played in hoboken and i have n't laughed so hard since !!! the crowd was allways laughing so you missed half of the jokes.i ca n't wait to watch the dvd and get all the jokes that i missed in the theatre.this is a movie to watch time and time again , there is allways something new to catch .
 I just watched the DVD at a party at Syracuse University . It was brilliant.I love the premise of Gay Aliens coming to earth to make everyone gay . Thejokes are non-stop . There 's a fine line between stupid , offensive and smartand this movie seems to cross them all . A great Chrismas gift for a guy wholaugh at farts .
 MISTER FOE -LRB- aka HALLAM FOE -RRB- is another dark film about buried pain and insecurities , much like director David Mackenzie 's YOUNG ADAM . Mackenzie is also responsible for the crackling screenplay adapted from the novel by Peter Jinks , the story of a young lad named Hallam -LRB- Jamie Bell -RRB- damaged by his mother 's death / ? suicide to the point where he separates himself from the world by living in a tree house , observing his father -LRB- Ciar&aacute;n Hinds -RRB- in his too rapid replacement of Hallam 's mother with the dangerous Verity -LRB- Claire Forlani -RRB- . A bizarre 17-year-old , Hallam attacks his fears and the world dressed in a manner of beast like costumes , all to assuage his grief for his mother 's death . When Verity 's behavior drives Hallam from his elegant home , he retreats to Edinburgh , becoming a boy of the streets . One day he spies a woman named Kate -LRB- Sophia Myles -RRB- who greatly resembles his dead mother and he begins stalking her , spying on her in every conceivable way until he convinces her to hire him in her hotel as a kitchen porter . Proximity feeds obsession and Hallam discovers that Kate is having an affair with a married hotel executive , the result of which is a clash with reality , and Hallam must confront his Oedipal desires with his coming to grips with the reality of his grief for this deceased mother . The discovery he makes with Kate transfers to his relationship with his own family and opens doors for growth rather than maintaining his jail-like mental anguish.The story is bizarre and very dark at times , but the performance by Jamie Bell , well accompanied by those of Hinds , Forlani , Myles et al , make this tale of coming of age fascinating . The art direction -LRB- Caroline Grebbell -RRB- , cinematography -LRB- Giles Nuttgens -RRB- and musical score -LRB- as concocted by Matt Biffa from performers such as Future Pilot A.K.A. -RRB- enhance the production - maintaining the high standards set by Mackenzie . Hallam is a lad we grow to love despite his kooky behavior
 Not sure why the title was changed . Hallam is the name of the main character . Mister Foe does n't make the title any more clear or , for that matter , any more interesting for the unknowing to want to view . The film is , however , very engaging and quirky . Jamie Bell is an under rated and remarkable talent in film today . He can always be trusted to give an unusual and startling performance . This is certainly no exception . It is not a great film but entertaining with quite a few bright moments . Claire Forlani is lovely to hate and Sophia Myles is very charming to watch . It is all about Bell though . He is destined for great things . From Billy Elliot to now his character choices and studies have been remarkable and he is to be applauded for not becoming `` mainstream '' in his thinking . Continue to expect greatness from him .
 `` Mister Foe '' is a delightful surprise ! Perhaps oddball coming-of-age movies strike a chord with me . My all-time favorite is probablyHarold and Maudeabout a young man who , like Hallam Foe , has unusual behavior . Jamie Bell , who was excellent inJumperand came to our attention with `` Billy Elliott '' in 2000 , plays a young man who is a peeping tom in an apparent reaction to the loss of his mother . The intensity and range he expresses glued my eyes to the film . Claire Forlani who captured my heart in `` Meet Joe Black '' and was recently in `` In the Name of the King '' plays the heavy in the film , the domineering step-mother . She does a great job with her subtle performance . The moment early on in the film where Hallam refers to her as a lady of the evening is followed by a pregnant pause at his faux pas , followed by her rollicking laughter . It 's a great moment . Hallam sees Kate in Edinburgh who resembles his mother and follows her , securing a job where she works . Kate is played by the lovely Sophia Myles who was on TV 's `` Moonlight '' and also played in the film `` Tristan & Isolde . '' Myles comments on the appealing nature of Bell 's posterior in a witty aside in the DVD featurette . Kate sports a businesslike air on the job , but lets loose in her private life . Hallam spies on her as she makes love to her married lover Alasdair played by Jamie Sives . The moment when Sives looks up and makes eye contact with Hallam and seems to enjoy being watched as he makes love is so wrong in so many ways and yet works marvelously in the context of the film . Ciaran Hinds who was great inStop-Lossand also was in `` There Will Be Blood '' plays Hallam 's father Julius . The touching father-son moment is well played and creates emotional depth . Ewen Bremner who was in `` Fool 's Gold '' has a delightful deleted scene and a sparkling cameo as Andy the bellhop . Maurice Roeves also has a great cameo as the grizzly old dishwasher . `` Mister Foe '' may be a naughty pleasure , but it is a delightful film , sparkling with energy and originality . Bravo !
 I watch a LOT of movies , and as a huge fan of Jamie Bell I was really surprised that I had somehow missed this dark little film , which chronicles a young man 's journey from awkward insecurity and longing to eventually letting go and moving on.The film follows 18-year-old Hallam Foe -LRB- Jamie Bell -RRB- who has recently lost his mother to an apparent suicide . Completely obsessed with his mother , he even sleeps with a large picture of her over his bed . Hallam suspects that his stepmother -LRB- Claire Forlani -RRB- murdered his mother in order to get to his father -LRB- Ciaran Hinds -RRB- and his father 's money . Spending most of his days in a treehouse built by his father , Hallam watches the world around him through a pair of binoculars as he becomes more and more socially awkward , choosing to wear a badger 's skin on his head and covering himself with paint . After a wild , lustful mistake , Hallam is blackmailed into moving to Edinburgh , where he finds a job as a porter in a hotel whose HR manager -LRB- Sophia Myles -RRB- looks strikingly like his mother . Hallam begins to watch this look-alike from his clock-tower home , and thus ensues a dramatic and dark comedy , with plenty of sex and self-discovery along the way.Early on the film , you kind of get this sense that Hallam 's ... um , quirks , if you will ... come not from perversion , but rather from a deeper place , one created by the trauma of losing his mother . As weird as you might consider his obsession over his mother , you feel for the kid . You realize that if you were in a situation where you experienced some sort of heart-wrenching loss , you 'd hope that there would be someone out there willing to stand by you despite your oddities . He 's a voyeur , but not in the typical sense of the word
 Ca n't really say anything that has n't been said . Amazing performance by Jamie Bell & The whole cast . A new favorite !
 There are certain films that would never have been made by a major Hollywood studio . If that 's the case , how do I even know about them ? How do I see them ? I seek them out in independent theaters specializing in foreign and independently made films . Or I watch them on DVD , eagerly anticipating the chance to experience these films I have heard about . Frequently , these films tell stories that are odd , or unusual , in some way . Perhaps , they are small slices of life , delving into a few eccentric characters . Maybe they follow the sexual awakening , in more frank detail , of a central character . Maybe they are just plain off the wall . Frequently , these little films are real finds and contain some great performances in highly unique stories , stories too challenging for a major studio to produce and release . All of these definitions apply to `` Mister Foe '' , the new Scottish film starring Jamie Bell -LRB- `` Billy Elliott '' , `` Jumper '' -RRB- . A strange note . In Scotland , this film is called `` Hallam Foe '' , after the main character 's full name . In America , it is called `` Mister Foe '' . I guess the American distribution company did n't think we would know what `` Hallam '' meant . But `` Mister '' ? Bell 's character is less mentally developed than a teenager . `` Mister '' is not a good choice.Hallam Foe -LRB- Bell -RRB- is a strange young man . He likes to hang out in his tree house and watch the comings and goings of the people on his father 's -LRB- Ciaran Hinds -RRB- estate . But he is also disturbed by the theory he has surrounding his mom 's death ; he suspects his new step-mother , Verity -LRB- Claire Forlani , `` Meet Joe Black '' , `` Basquiat '' -RRB- of killing his mom so she can marry his father and inherit the huge estate . Verity was his father 's former assistant and has now accepted a larger role in the company . Hallam 's sister recognizes the signs and heads to Australia . But Hallam stays behind , determined to prove Verity is a murderer . One night , he tries to seduce her and this leads him to flee to Edinburgh where he gets a job in a large hotel . Hiding out in the clock tower , he starts to spy on Kate -LRB- Sophia Myles , `` Underworld '' , `` Art School Confidential '' , TV 's `` Moonlight '' -RRB- , the HR director who hired him . She lives in a building across the way and he breaks out his trusty binoculars . Soon , they start to chat and Hallam becomes more involved in her life . But his father and step-mom make an inopportune appearance , trying to get him to return home.Directed by David McKenzie -LRB- `` Young Adam '' -RRB- , `` Mister Foe '' tells a unique , strange , interesting , more sexually frank story about a unique young man . `` Foe '' is as interesting as it is because of the performance of Jamie Bell . Bell initially made a splash as `` Billy Elliott '' , but in the intervening years , he has appeared in a number of forgettable or ignored films . Now with `` Mister Foe '' , he plays a strange young man with a lot of issues , insecurities and development problems . Bell 's performance is close to mesmerizing . The actor seems to get so completely lost in all of the different aspects of the character , making him believable , rich and alive.Hallam waits in his tree house , dressed in animal skins and war paint , lying in wait for a friend of his . Soon , a young lady and her boyfriend walk by and fall to the ground and start making love , groping each other 's bodies . Hallam clearly knows one of both of these people and grabs his zip line . Shouting , he quickly lands in the middle of the couple , startling both . They rush off , hurling threats at him.The amazing thing about this performance is that even though Hallam is seventeen or eighteen , he has the maturity of a nine or ten year old . And Bell makes us understand this and believe it through his portrayal.After the falling out with his father and step-mom , he runs off to Edinburgh and gets a job washing dishes in the kitchen of a large hotel . He finds a little nook behind a large clock and makes his home there . The unique vantage point allows him to continue his favorite past time , to watch people . He soon realizes Kate -LRB- Sophia Myles -RRB- , the HR person who hired him , lives across the street in a small apartment . And he also realizes that Alasdair -LRB- Jamie Sives -RRB- , the head porter , is having an extra marital affair with Kate . He begins to watch them.Soon , Kate becomes attracted to Hallam and their relationship takes some interesting , frank turns.Bell 's performance is what makes `` Mister Foe '' so interesting . Bell seems to take in all of Foe 's problems and exhibit them for us as though they are his own . Because the performance is so open and revealing , we get a real feel for the character and what he is feeling and going through . I doubt it will happen , but Bell should be remembered when the Oscars roll around next February.Sophia Myles is also good as Kate . A single woman , she takes her job very seriously and maintains a very good business demeanor . After she and Hallam begin seeing each other , their relationship seems very natural , goes through some believable ups and downs , based on what we know of their characters . It is almost a bit refreshing to see a female act in the way Kate acts . She is a modern woman and knows what she wants and likes . If she is n't getting that , she moves on . Does n't want to waste a lot of time . `` Mister Foe '' is populated with many other characters . Verity , played by Claire Forlani , is particularly mysterious and complex . But the film is about Hallam ; he is the center of this universe and his character is so strong , everything else seems like an after thought . `` Mister Foe '' is strange , unusual and worth your time .
 Very rarely do I find a movie that intrigues me as much as this one . There is a fine cast , wonderful symbolism , beautiful scenery and stark colours . Watching him climb all over the rooftops was very enjoyable . The story has been told before but never with such quirkiness and sweetness . This movie made me laugh too . Hallam reminded me of my own 20 year old son that is constantly going through ` things ' . This is a must have for any fans of Jamie Bell , and in my opinion , this is by far the best work he has done . I would love to see Sophie Myers and Jamie Bell do another movie together . Their sexual chemistry was great !! For those that like quirky movies or ` different ' movies this one is for you . It is currently my favorite movie . The music is fantastic and not run of the mill either.This is a very unique movie and reminds me of why Jamie Bell is the only actor that I will plunk money down in anything he does . It has been a great ride since Billy Elliot and I am certainly enjoying the ride . He carried the movie as he often does .
 Loved the movie . I 've liked Jaime Bell from Billy Elliott onward . Love Sophia Myles . Ultra sexy . Loved her on Moonlight . The psychological makeup of Hallam Foe was a bit shaky , albeit understandable for the most part . Still , I 've been young and in love -LRB- or lust -RRB- and Hallam was probably no more crazy than a whole lot of teenagers . You have to pay attention to this movie to understand where it 's coming from and going to . But it 's a pleasurable viewing experience . Watch it when you 've a lot of time on your hands . Do it in a hurry and you 're going to miss some salient points . It 's got one helluva graphic episode in it , so you might want to review it before exposing a youngster to it . Even with said graphic episode , it 's a worthwhile viewing experience . I kind of wish the particular product I rec 'd had n't been anchored to the Spanish language for subtitles . I could n't turn it to English . I 'd like to have known that before I got the item . This is my nth buying experience from Amazon . I rarely buy brand new products , but every single `` like new '' has proved to be in excellent condition and I 've many movies that have lasted me for many viewings . Some I 've resold - at garage sales - and even recovered some $ . How can you beat that for a buying experience ? Most recent DVD buys include SALT , RED , and UNSTOPPABLE -LRB- on the way now -RRB- with TRUE GRIT on my Wish List . These , and others not listed here , have earned at least 4 and 1/2 stars by my rating system which only covers product condition and delivery speed - or lack of both .
 I am a big fan of Jamie Bell and I was not disappointed with his performance . He covers a major spectrum of emotions in this movie and the end is left up to you . I like this in most movies where they let the viewer decide the out come . No ribbon on the end of this movie but am glad now that it is part of my collection .
 A young American man wakes up naked in a Montreal parking lot , with no memory of what who he is or how he got there . All he remembers about himself is that he is gay . So begins `` Amnesia
 AMNESIA
 This is a good product . I like it . This is a good product . I like it . This is a good product . I like it . This is a good product . I like it .
 This analysis by a young criminologist writing her PhD on an unsolved mystery provides lots of questions about the way the psyche responds to trauma . Actually there are several layers of flight from reality which makes this case so interesting and confusing . Having experienced amnesia myself due to a fatal auto accident which killed my friend , this film spoke to my experience . Unlike the main character I had a supportive grandmother and girlfriend who made it easier to assimilate the horror and regain my memory . Self-love is a key factor in wanting to remember who we are . We have something good to return to . This young man has none of these things and his anmesia is his refuge as well as his prision . Definitely makes us think about our lives , our loves , and how we create ourselves through our actions .
 I do n't know what the reviewer `` Gordon Larko '' is smoking . For some eason , he feels compelled to leave the EXACT SAME horrible review and 1 STAR rating for all GAY-THEMED movies . Probably a `` personal problem '' of his . Hopefully this review will help correct this imbalance . I ca n't believe AMAZON is allowing this GAY BASHER to use their website as a venue to spread his hate.By the way , This is an absolutely WONDERFUL movie !
 This small Canadian movie released in 2005 tackles a frequent cinematic topic
 This is a tragic story of two lovers whose relationship comes to an abrupt end by picking up strangers stranded on a lonely highway . Matthew and Jeff were deeply in love on their way to a gay festival in Montreal . Matthews stops for three drunk guys whose car broke down . After Jeff mentioned where they were going , they become victims of three homophobic white guys . Matthews was forced to stop the car after a knife is pressed against his neck . Jeff is beaten -LRB- possibly to death -RRB- on the ground . The guys went on to take Matthew to Montreal , there they make him to take his clothes and try to rape him . They abandoned him . After Matthew comes around , he gets dressed and walked to the nearest hospital suffering from total amnesia due to trauma.The movie goes on to the tribulations of people trying to help him medically , with dwelling , and new friends , in Montreal . The only two things that Matthews remembers were that he was gay and his name was Jeff Brighton -LRB- the truth is unravel as the movie progresses . -RRB- He spoke French as his grandmother was Cajun and taught him . A psychiatrist helped him initially with a lot of therapy . An older male member of a Montreal Gay Organization offers him housing and introduces him to the gay community by making new friends . But Matthew becomes very despondent , frustrated , and angry with his memory loss . After a few commercials on the local TV and the US . His family from Tennessee comes to claim him.Also a Canadian French student -LRB- Sylvie -RRB- doing her thesis in criminology becomes involved in studying and researching his case . She becomes very interested in him and his future.Matthews moves back with his mom and family in Tennessee but it is short lived . He moves away and starts driving everywhere looking for peace in his tortured life . He finally settles in Virginia , meets another guy , a French teacher in a local college . He starts building his relationship with him , and a new life . Sylvie comes to visit for one last time , but get a letter from Matthew saying goodbye . Matthews never regains his memory . The pieces are put together in the movie for the benefit of the audience . There is a scene where Matthews kicks his lover on the ground , probably to save his own life.This is a Canadian movie , made in Montreal , French Quebec , and both French and English are both spoken . This is TLA release.This is not too bad of a movie , and it is mostly presenting a story of a man trying to regain back his life after a bad trauma , it could be a depressing movie . Other than the bedroom scenes between Matthew and Jeff , the movie is basically a very serious drama .
 GREAT COMPLETE HISTORY of BSD Software . Its in lecture format -LRB- like hotel ballroom and boardroom setting -RRB- , but Dr. Marshall Kirk McKusick is not only very knowledgeable as well as a good story teller . If you are into Operating Systems , the Open Source Movement , Unix , Linux and want to hear about their origins - you will like this lecture . It 's a bit long at over 3 hours , and like Dr. McKusick does , during the breaks you can pause your Tivo and chug pitchers of beer . Much More Interesting Then !
 The film wants to be a documentary of some sort , a reconstruction of the legend , maybe the truth behind the legend . At least it wants that legend to be realistic , and there is a lot to do to make it realistic.The film insists on the conflicts of interests within the English camp with a nobleman Sir Edwin Wingfield among them . He is doing nothing , except looking for trouble with John Smith , plotting in all possible ways . This aristocratic stance is criticized though at the time it must have been a lot less ridiculed , and a lot more feared . The film is not clear about why this young nobleman is on the crew . John Smith insinuates he must have been banned by his own father and this Wingfield is shown as ambiguous in his attitudes towards young boys and teenagers . But that 's only innuendo.Along that line the exclusively male context of the mission is clearly visible with situations that can be seen as strange like the dances and the singing at night to spend time . But once again that level is not developed and that is a shame , though this film pushes the relation between Pocahontas and John Smith a lot further than brother and sister , and yet not far enough to produce any progeny . That open innuendo at sex is in the line of men being men they will always find a way to satisfy their desires . But it is definitely not dealt with in any clear terms for most of these men.On the other hand the Indians are described in a more realistic and more credible way . They have music and they sing . They dance too . They even make love , at least Powhatan does . They have entertainments and games . But they also have a lot of political discussions and conflicts . They are a normal human society with rivalries of all types , especially between Powhatan and his brother , between Pocahontas and her cousin . This makes the film more acceptable since decisions have to be taken and they are taken along realistic lines with realistic arguments.But that leads to compromises and there the film introduces a twist . Instead of sending John Smith back to England to have some bad burns cured and healed , he is sent back to England by Powhatan 's own decision
 I had this movie on VHS and wanted it on dvd . My daughter loves this movie and so do I.
 This movie is a historical story about an Indian princess falling in love with an Englishman.It is worth watching .
 this movie is pretty good . it has a good story and it 's a good drama . i liked it a lot . I Recommend this movie for everyone : -RRB-
 This is one of my favorite movies of all time . It is so romantic ! It 's an idealized version of the Pocahontas story . -LRB- Hence , the title `` the Legend -RRB- It 's the type of movie us women swoon over . Miles O'Keefe is incredibly sexy and charming as John Smith . Seeing him scantily clad is nearly reason enough to buy this . Sandrine Holt is a youthful , energetic Pocahontas , both innocent and beautiful . She is different from her tribe and her fascination with John Smith is understandable . Great film !
 The movie it self is awesome ! If you like mockumentaries , Stuntmen is one of the best . It has many great actors that will surprise you .
 I am not the world 's most knowledgable of film buffs . I own a couple hundred DVD 's but most of those are lesser known films . I am particularly disinterested in most of the popular action or shock humor type of films that dominate the movie landscape of today.I remember the previews of this movie as discussed in newspapers and morning news shows due to the then shocking `` glows in the dark '' scene and that the beloved John Ritter was starring in the lead role.Several years later did I come across this movie and was immediately hooked.The movie is a wonderfully insightful story of a writer whose insecurities overcome his previously displayed writing prowess . The tragedy of writers block is overcompensated by alcohol and sex , which nearly destroys the very endearing character as played brilliantly by John Ritter . The movie is heart-warming yet hillarious . The twists and turns play out in a very well-paced and -LRB- mostly -RRB- logical format resulting in the climactic -LRB- pun intended -RRB- collapse of the lead that results in the search of self which ends in a sweet and still funny happy ending.Bravo to John Ritter for a movie that could not have been made with any other actor playing the lead . His combination of sincerity , naivete , sexuality and charm could only be matched by Michael J. Fox , yet such an actor would never have the sex appeal as Mr. Ritter . Anyone seeking an extension of THREES COMPANY would be sorely disappointed -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- as the acting is vastly more mature and sophisticated than at any time in the popular comedy show . John Ritter seems truly lost in his lack of introspection and his genuine effort to find his meaning of life.Truly a magical movie that deserves far more credit and recognition within the pantheon of great movies.This movie is much deeper than its skin ... I can not recommend more highly.John
 This movie is a hilarious classic ! For some reason it is getting near to impossible to buy anymore since John Ritter died .
 I 'm sad that this movie was always marketed as `` the comedy that glows '' , a reference from one of it 's more `` slapsticky '' scenes involving glow in the dark condoms , and not given the credit it deserves , like the Oscar Noms `` As Good as it Gets '' got . Skin Deep in my opinion , though 80 's dated looks wise , is still a far superior drama/comedy . John Ritter should have been nominated for this performance , PERIOD.Ritter 's more serious scenes are up there with the best actors of our time , and the comedy , especially the physical comedy -LRB- leaving electro-therapy scene , OMG , I have to rewind it several times because I ca n't see the scene all the way through from laughing so hard -RRB- is evidence that Buster Keaton & Chaplin have passed the torch to our dear beloved clown John Ritter . And come on , this is directed by Blake Edwards , an icon .
 John Ritter was a genius . Absolutely hysterical physical comedy . You 'll love it if you think Charley from two and a half men is funny .
 SCENE AFTER SCENE OF GREAT DIALOGUE AND PHYSICAL COMEDY BY JOHN RITTER . THE GREAT THING ABOUT THIS TYPE OF FILM IS THAT EVERYBODY IS WEALTHY AND SMART . IT 'S JUST WHAT YOU EXPECT IN BEVERLY HILLS . IT 'S GREAT THAT EVERY TIME HE WRECKS HIS 450 SL , HE GOES OUT AND GETS THE SAME EXACT CAR . I JUST LOVE THAT . ALSO IT HAS ONE OF THE GREATEST THEME SONGS BY NEVILLE . IT 'S JUST A BLAST TO WATCH .
 This is John Ritter -LRB- R.I.P -RRB- at his best . Very great actor and comedian.In this film he is a ladies man exactly like Hank Moody in the TV series `` Californication '' . A writter in LA who is having trouble with his ex-wife , trying to find himself , sleeping around with gorgeous young women , rich , alchoholic , driving a convertible , always in trouble with the law , I mean do I need to say more ... Is a good 80 's film to add to your collection .
 One of John Ritter 's last movies , a comedy drama complete with lot 's of laughsand still containing '' instant growth '' about his problems . A man that likesthe ladies who suffers from writer 's block . His bartender seems to know allthe answers but withholds them , knowing that Ritter 's character needs to findout these things on his own . Several surprizes keeps the viewer from beingable to predict all the outcome and events that occur . His `` shrink '' is full of several biting and sarcastic observations and comments . If your a Ritter fan , you 'll like this or if you care to '' learn something '' about life or gain an insight into his actions in this movie , you will enjoy it !
 It 's been years since I 've seen it due to only having it on VHS . Time to order the DVD and catch some awesome laughs.The dialogue in this movie is truly wonderful , might be a bit brainy for some folks.The physical comedy is hilarious . Most people cite the ` glow scene ' but I prefer the ` shock therapy ' scene.But Ritters ' performance is the show stealer . Very nuanced - you wonder how closely the script touched his own life . He played it to a `` T '' and then some.Supporting cast is excellent , except the ex-wife who is n't so believable . And Gardenia is excellent as always.BUY IT ! LOVE IT !!
 MOVIE : Skin Deep , considered by many to be a non-favorite of the Blake Edwards catalog , should warrant some favorable recognition due to the solid performance by it 's leading man , John Ritter . His character Zach , is plagued with troubles that can get the best of most men , including women , drinking and self discovery . He then fumbles his way through Blake 's story with scant advise from his lawyer and his favorite bartender , played by Vince Gardenia . In an almost ` R ' rated version of Jack Tripper , Ritter portays Zach to be a flawed yet likeable character who 's downward spiral through the course of the picture has us rooting for a happy ending and some mental resolve.Comedicaly speaking , like most films , there are highs and lows . Skin Deep is not ment to be a Farley Brothers movie or a ` cute/gross ' Ben Stiller date flick . It 's a bit naughty in spots and even dramaticly satisfying in others . If you like both John Ritter 's style of line delivery and his incredibley original physical comedy that he gave us on Three 's Company , than you 'll find a lot of humor where others might miss it . Remember when Jack Tripper rolled around head over heals while still in sitting ` indian style ' on his apartement floor or when he would back down from a bully in that hysterical cowardess fashion that would make the audience crack up every time ? Well , there 's a bit of that charm here in this picture.Most people talk about the glowing condoms scene , which is quite original and funny , but it takes place in the dark and you only get to see glowing penises bounce around on screen for a few minutes . The real comedic scenes envolve Ritter 's facial reactions and physical comedic timing . In one scenerio while in a drunken stuper , Zach leaves a bar with a female body builder and does n't realize her massive figure until she 's towering over him in bed explaining her rigorous work-out routine in detail . When she askes how he feels about being able to then sleep with her , Zach shyly replies `` Like Mrs. Arnold Schwarzenegger '' . Another scene which has been overlooked in previous reviews of this film is the moment when he tries to leave a day spa after following a beautiful model to it 's front doors only to find a bitter ex-girlfriend working there . After a few minutes of shock therapy , ment for muscle relaxation , poor Zach is walking like a man having random seizer attacks all the way back to his car . It 's flawless , classic Ritter.ADVICE : If you are a John Ritter fan , see this movie . If you 've enjoyed most of the pacing and story telling of Blake Edwards romantic comedies , see this movie . However , If you find that the films of the 80 's do n't live up to the gross-out fests of todays ` shock-em sock-em ' comedies , then think twice . You might not enjoy Skin Deep to it 's fullest.DVD : The widescreen option is nice but that 's it . No extras . This is the only reason the DVD gets 4 out of 5 stars from me , however it is a relativly cheap DVD which you can probably pick up used on Amazon . So , until a special edition comes out , which probabley wo n't happen anytime soon , if ever , we John Ritter fans will have to make due .
 One of my all time favorite comedies . John Ritter is amazing in this . The direction is flawless .
 Funniest film in ages . Laugh-a-minute spoof on a famous pianist with a wandering eye .
 First I want to say that I was never a fan of Threes Company . I never watched the show , oh maybe once or twice to see what the hoopla was all about back then . Then I saw this movie and I felt that John Ritter was one of the funniest men alive . I thought the movie worked from the beginning to the end with his character being the greatest drunk since ARTHUR.It is sad that we have lost Mr. Ritter but I hope many more people will enjoy this movie .
 I have seen this movie at least 100 times and I still die laughing everytime I see it . John Ritter is so funny . I had to search a long time several years ago to find this movie on VHS to buy and now I 'm getting it on DVD.For anyone who needs a good laugh - I mean a ca n't breathe , eyes watering , stomach hurting laugh fest - THIS IS THE MOVIE TO SEE !! I am in the floor laughing . It is comedy that you do n't have to think about . It is just hilarious .
 This is a great , mindless comedy with so many funny scenes !! The review on this one is very wrong . I have seen this movie at least fifty times and I still fall out of my chair laughing even though I know what 's coming . It is definately worth owning .
 Classic Blake Edwards , people who worry about everything but money . I love watching the wealthy struggling through the mid-life . Put this thing on DVD somebody .
 A truly hilarious and sad look at the real word of alcoholism . The scenes could have been written from the stories told at AA meetings . The stories alcoholics tell are hilarious , but the problems they create are devastating . I laughed and cried at the mistakes , mishaps , and self sabatoge . I thought John Ritter was excellent . This should become a cult film comedy classic , but it only appeals to people who have `` been there , done that . ''
 This is a top notch erotic thriller . John Ritter should shave his facial hair though ... he looks like a silly caveman . This movie reminds of a simpla time . I thought it would n't be too good , but I guess I was a Steak-um .
 First off -- I am writing this the day after the passing of John Ritter . Ritter was one of the best physical comedians . He wow 'd us with his antics and sweet heart for many years on 3 's Company . John -- thanks for all the great laughs.Now on to the review of this movie . To this day , this is one of my favorite movies even though I 've only seen it 3 times -LRB- I 'm purchasing the DVD today -RRB- . Yes , the condom scene is one of the funniest scenes in movie history -- but I prefer another funny scene . John 's character follows a woman into a upscale `` physical therapy '' office and is then tortured with muscle stimulators by a scorned former lover . When Zack comes out of the office he is twitching so badly he can hardly walk . This is classic John Ritter physicality . I laffed so hard the last time I watched that I almost could n't breathe any more.Also , while very funny , this movie follows a man who is trying desparately to repair his life and at every turn keeps failing . At one point , in his physcharist 's office , his cry for help is so real-looking that it made me cry.So , again , John , thanks for the many years of laughter . You will be missed !
 One of the finest films of Blake Edwards since Victor / Victoria . John Ritter -LRB- splendid here -RRB- incarnates a womanizer and alcoholic famous writer who is in a bad professional moment and still in love with his ex-wife in this sarcastic non-stylished battle-of-the-sexes comedy that combines brilliant sight-gags and clever dialogues and return to us the best Edwards -LRB- A shot in the dark ; The party ; The Pink Panther strikes back -RRB- . An intelligent comedy conceived as it was the confessional visual diary of his protagonist , strategy that allows Edwards to integrate a collection of funny sketches that work autonomously inside a solid narrative structure .
 This is easily John Ritter 's finest film . Now , that may sound like damning with faint praise , as the competition is such movies as `` Problem Child '' , `` Hero at Large '' and `` Stay Tuned '' , but `` Skin Deep '' is truly an achievement , a virtuoso performance by a man who is probably doomed to spend the rest of his days as a pratfalling , slapstick comedian . But here , he shines , bringing true feeling to his performance . You can feel the pain , humilation and defeat he suffers through the bright veneer of humor.This is the story of Zack Hutton , a talented writer who sinks into alcoholism and insecurity after he destroys his marriage by womanizing . It 's the story of a man who hits rock bottom and redeems himself . For a goofy comedy , it 's pretty poignant.The film is buoyed by amazing supporting performances by Vincent Gardenia as a wise bartender , Joel Brooks as best friend and attorney Jake and Dee Dee Rescher as jakes wife , Bernice.Invariably , people point to the scene `` that glows in the dark '' as a reason to watch this movie , but I think that famous scene is easilyt the silliest and most forgettable . Funnier scenes abound and , if you pay attention , the movie is peppered with clever , underplayed dialog.This is one of my favorite movies . I hope you enjoy it , too .
 This movie is great , funny and unpredictable.Many movies were inspired by this one movie and copied from it.It did not have the success it deserved.John Ritter 's best act .
 This movie is very funny . At the same time , it has a very incisive statement regarding personal responsibility - in this case , alcoholism . I will never forget the `` dueling condoms '' scene , and there are several classic comedy bits that make this film one of the minor -LRB- at least -RRB- classics of film comedy . I laughed at the condom scene . I hurt myself laughing at the scene of John Ritter trying to escape with a novocaine-filled leg . I look forward to viewing it again , and often .
 Slightly dirty , very funny and at times even sensitive , Skin Deep is a perfect film to curl up to on a Sunday evening and laugh well into the night . There 's something charming about the late 80 's and early 90 's comedies that I like , perhaps since it was during my own childhood that they were made but there 's something organic to them that many of today 's movies lack like the grittiness and the look of the lenses it was shot with versus plastic and computer like movies of today.The humor here is constant ; John Ritter portrays a writer who 's not only full of himself but also completely addicted to women and alcohol . After his marriage fails -LRB- it might have something to do with his many girlfriends -RRB- he falls into a slump , he ca n't write , he cant hold a relationship -LRB- or does n't want to -RRB- and is still obsessed with his ex wife , claiming that she 's the only one who can fix him . There 's non stop action and jokes , my favorite part was when he followed a foxy looking chick into a spa like retreat only to be subjected to electric shock therapy by an ex , walking out in jitters and at one point tripping on the stairs and grabbing someone 's papers spilling them all over the building and then when he ran into a blind man , and could n't let go of his walking stick , I was laughing so hard that I could n't breathe , and I cant remember last time that happened to me . I adored that there was a lot of heart in this , one really rooted for the poor deflated author who skimmed the surface of life with empty things that stopped exciting him after a while , and once the crazy things do n't make you tick what is left to do ? Trying his best to sober up he takes a new lease on life and wraps the story up with a great ending . I adored the whole movie and had a great time watching it . - Kasia S.
 This is an overlooked gem - Blake Edwards was a big deal in the late 70 's - early 80 's -LRB- see Pink Panther , 10 , or my personal fav S.O.B. -RRB- for acerbic , witty comedy and a great sense of time and place . The time and place is late 80 's LA and Zach -LRB- Ritter -RRB- is a semi-washed-up novelest with a drunken , libidenous bent . Zach is not a bad guy , just a lost , rich one . This is slapstick meets Simon , a slice of the good life with the bad thrown in . Ritter is wonderful as Zach , in one of his best performances . If you are a fan of his work , this is a must .
 They just dont make em like this anymore ... too many `` polictically correct '' lighthearts out there that complain when they think a movie is going to offend someone or something . Blake Edwards is a great director , and John Ritter was perfect for the part . I had been waiting for this movie to be released on DVD , as I remembered watching it when it first came out nearly 18 years ago .
 Great old movie from my past . Language is a little harsh for some people , but very entertaining anyway . Will make you laugh . Not a movie for the kids .
 Firstly , I do n't and never did like John Ritter . But for some reason , he was funny as hell in this movie . This is an excellent and entertaining adult comedy to see with your spouse and/or loved one . There are scenes in this movie -LRB- which I have watched dozens of times -RRB- where I crack up just knowing about what is to happen ... I 'm thinking of one now when he wraps himself up in toilet paper while completely drunk `` cause I was cold ''
 I 've seen this funny Blake Edwards film before . I saw it again recently on television and boy did they edit so much of it . Shortly afterwards , we all got the shocking news that John Ritter unexpectedly died . Interesting time to show this film , er ah , I mean ironic . John Ritter and his work was making a comeback . On television they were showing , The Waltons , Three 's Company and the unforgetable film , The Other -LRB- 1972 -RRB- in which John Ritter played the role of `` Rider '' . John Ritter had a new tv series called `` 8 Simple Rules ... '' . It became a hit . While rehearsing the fourth episode of the new season , John became ill and collapsed . Rushed to the hospital . He died during emergency surgery . It was his heart . In artery was leaking blood , a condition that can not be caught in x-rays . A condition John Ritter did not know he had . The whole nation took pause at the passing of John Ritter on September 11 , 2003 . This 1989 film stars John Ritter as a man going through mid-life crisis . His woman -LRB- Denise Crosby , `` Star Trek
 The now-deceased John Ritter is Zachary Hutton , a bearded writer whose passions are booze and beautiful females . First , Hutton 's wife Alexandra -LRB- or Alex -RRB- returns home from a cancelled flight . She finds a jealous female about to fatally shoot Hutton after she -LRB- the jealous female -RRB- catches him in bed with his female barber . This is where the Huttons ' divorce begins . Hutton goes for advice from his bartender buddy Barney -LRB- the late Vincent Gardenia , famous for his role of Frank Lorenzo on `` All In The Family '' -RRB- . Angry Alex throws Zachary 's typewriter out the window and into the swimming pool . Zachary wanted to remain married to Alex so he sought psychiatric help . He started by cutting down on his drinking and eventually cold turkey , quit . Zach found a new girlfriend Molly -LRB- Julianne Phillips -RRB- and they lived together . She became so angry with him at one point in the film that she set his piano afire while he was playing it ! -LRB- Zach plays the piano also -RRB- The house and Zach 's Mercedes both burned down in that fire . He also meets musclebound Loni Jones -LRB- she looks like Patrick Swayze ! -RRB- at Barney 's bar where he was playing the piano . They sleep together that night and when Zach awakes the next morning , he does aerobics in her class in his underwear ! Next , there the death of his buddy Leon `` Sparky '' Sparks . Zach attends his funeral with another buddy Jake -LRB- Joel Brooks -RRB- . Alex was at the funeral and she invited Jake over for dinner at her house . Although Zach was n't invited , he showed up . So at the dinner Zach and Alex chat and Zach says how awful he 's felt since their separation . Zach attends a black tie affair at the Century Plaza hotel dressed as a genie ! He thought it was a Halloween party . Many of the guests laughed at him , even Jake . Jake nearly went to the affair as a cowboy ! Then Zach finds out that Alex has another man who she plans to marry and almost did until Zach crashed the wedding . Alex 's mother Marge always has hated Zach because of his behavior . So more therapy sessions follow , and Zach did more cutting down on his boozing and womanizing . By Christmas , Zach is no longer boozing and womanizing . He wrote a book which sold big and there was a party at Barney 's in his honor . He and Alex have reconciled and drank lemon-lime soda instead of gin and tonic . Marge still hates Zach . She was being sarcastic when she said she was proud of Zach . But everyone else who hated him , loved him again . So Alex and Zach are in bed together in the last scene and she persuaded him to get rid of the glow-in-the dark condom which was first seen in an earlier bed escapade . I dedicate this film to the memory of John Ritter who passed away at age 54 on September 11,2003 of a heart disorder . My thoughts and prayers are with his family , always .
 I originally saw this movie `` Skin Deep '' in 1989 when it first played in movie theatres ! I own the laserdisc , which has the full screen ratio and in mono , while I am leaning towards purchasing the DVD , which consists of the letterbox -LRB- widescreen
 Skin deep is the sexiest movie out there . Finally going to be on DVD . Seeing The female bodybuilding scene over and over priceless . Buy it !!!!!!!
 the first time i saw this movie i laughed so hard that my sides literally hurt . the scene with the blind man was one of the best comedy scenes ever !!! i consider this movie a comedic masterpiece
 Blake Edwards out doies himself in a sophisticate film about a lonely divorced writer alcoholic who pines for his ex . John Ritter is a master comedian and displays it throughout the film . Extremely well written and performed , Blake and Ritter and a cast of women who 've all had failed relationships with Ritter . Ad the slapstick that Ritter is known for and you have a witty sophisticated story that takes you on an emotional ride through the trials and turbulations of love .
 A film that gets you laughing and wo n't let you stop.An amazing scene in which technicolor in the darkis used to make your sides hurt with laughs .
 Loved it . . One of John Ritters best movie roles , in my opinion ... Classic 80 's flick at its best , totally awesome !!! &#128521;
 John Ritter , one of the greatest American comedians in the history of theU.S.A . Never had to resort to foul words of offensive tactics to make theaudience laugh . RIP John . Wish there were more entertainers like you !
 I can just agree with the reviews printed so far
 The first time that I have seen this movie was two years ago.It was so funny that my mouth was very tired after seeing this flick.It 'll be worth seeing it.They say that A movie called ` Analyze **** ' was a real funny movie.Hey do you think that was a real funny movie?I do n't think so.It was n't worth being no. 1 on the box office.There 's a saying ` You can find a 24k gold ring even in a trash can ' Yes you can.Skin deep is n't that much a famous movie . -LRB- But there was an excutive producer called Joe Roth !! -RRB- But it 's a real super funny movie.Not even this movie , but there 's a numbers of real good entertaining movies like this one.So ... see it !
 John Ritter is certainly under-rated and under-appreciated . As a physical comedy actor he has few peers . His timing , honed on TV 's ` Three 's Company , ' is spot on.But NOTHING will prepare you for the scene in the middle which is shot entirely in the dark . Even if you 've had a hint of it from other people , ignore them and laugh your head off . One of the funniest in any movie , ever . Several other scenes and lines are pretty funny , too , like Zack trying to walk and drive after getting a shot from his dentist . Nobody does it better than Ritter.The film has a message , of sorts , about taking personal responsibility and growing up . The way Blake Edwards tells it , that 's not as much fun as it might seem . Still this does not validate the hedonistic lifestyle , and Zack gets his comeuppance in the end.Whether you 're a fan of John Ritter or not , see this film . Not a great movie , but better than most of those you 'll rent and forget as soon as the credits roll.Put the kiddies to bed , dim the lights , bring your bowl of popcorn , and do n't let anyone interrupt the scene in the dark . You can clean up the spilled popcorn later ...
 I remember growing up with the pictures of glow in the dark condoms and body building seductresses floating around in my head from the time I was 14-19 y/o . This movie is Hilarious and -LRB- to me -RRB- tends to make more sense to aging delinquents who sort have been in those situations . What also stuck with me was how empty this character 's life seemed to be even after all the sex and games -LRB- which , is every boy 's definition of heaven -RRB- . There 's this one song in the movie that I 've been trying to get my hands on for over 20 some odd years titled -LRB- I think -RRB- `` Falling Out of Love . '' If anyone has any info on how I can finally put this search to rest it will be much appreciated . Good movie . . and , aquired taste .
 My mother was looking everywhere for this movie , mainly because of the funny glow in the dark condom scene . This film is great , and John Ritter was funny -LRB- rest in peace John -RRB- I recommend this dvd to anyone who remembers John 's comedy , or who enjoys a good laugh .
 John Ritter stars as Zach who is a womanizing writer/piano player , who has just been caught cheating by hisgirlfriend Angela Smith -LRB- Denise Crosby from Star Trek the Next Generation who playedTasha Yar -RRB- . What 's funny about this is that Zach has a history of womanizing and cheating , in which he has fullfilled the fantasies of every woman he meets , yet he finds himself alone and without someone he can really say he loves , withthe exception of his ex wife.A bit phased by this Zach continues his lifestyle until he realizes , it is perhaps his ways with women that has resulted in his short relationships . He goes to his friend Barney the bartender -LRB- Vincent Gardiana who is best known forplaying the police investigator on the heels of the vigilante killer , Charles Bronson in Death Wish -RRB- who gives hima couple of tips , but none of which help much.The movie is funny because we see the character of Zach going from one mishap to another like Jack Tripper 's character in Three 's Company -LRB- which Ritter played -RRB- . In one funny scene , Zach dates a bodybuilding woman who in hiswords leaves his private parts `` scared stiff '' . LOLThen in one of the more funny scenes , Zach and his female character get caught in the dark by the female 's boyfriend , since both of them are wearing glow in the dark condoms !!! It 's as funny as it sounds . Blake Edwards who has been making great comedy films for over 20 years , from early hits like `` 10 '' , to more modern hits like `` Blind Date '' and `` Skindeep '' , has shown that he still has the romantic , comedictouch.Very funny movie to watch .
 One of the funniest , yet most heart wrenching performences I have seen in the past 2 decades . John Ritter is simply amazing in this film . It is a thoughtful , intelligent , light hearted & uplifting story of a man braving the stormy waves of middle age.I hope you treasure it as much as I do . It is simply a true diamond in the rough . This movie is a part of my past & even now brings to me many fine memories , happy & sad , of my younger days . As I get older , only now am I beginning to understand & appreciate this film fully . Best wishes John ... as if you were a personal friend , you will be missed .
 The scene where he comes out of the physical tharepy office twitching uncontrollably is pure John Ritter . A great movie that has n't gotten the credit it deserves.John will be missed greatly.I had to dig out my Laserdisc of this movie and watch it again . And again ... and again . Funny movie . Sad passing .
 John Ritter is in great physical comedy form for this movie . I laugh so loud every time I watch the `` condom scene '' or `` bodybuilder in bed scene . '' Plus , it 's got a great music score highlighted by a terrific , haunting ballad , `` Falling Out Of Love . '' This is a great addition to any movie library
 John Ritter gives the performance of his career . This is Blake Edward 's best work as well . It 's a little slow at times but Ritter makes it enjoyable from start to finish . There are several good scenes , one-liners and gags . You really care about the characters in this story . The universal theme of someone trying to change their bad habits should have wide appeal although some women may not enjoy watching Zack 's womanizing . What really counts is that he changes . It 's one of those movies that leaves you feeling good at the end and laughing . Ritter should be proud . Some will say he 's still playing Jack Tripper but when he 's this good and this funny who could complain ?
 John Ritter plays an alcoholic/sex addict who spends his life bouncing from bed to bed never being able to commit to one woman . Basically one funny scene after the other . Watch it to see why it was billed as `` The comedy that glows in the dark '' . Some of the funniest scenes include going home with the female body builder , getting the `` shock treatment '' by an ex-girlfriend , and of course the `` glow in the dark '' scene . Probably one of John Ritter 's most hilarious films .
 This is a wonderful movie , and I ca n't believe that two of the viewers who reviewed it mentioned a scene which allegedly occurred after John Ritter 's character Zach Hutton visited his dentist 's office and received novacaine in his leg or elsewhere in his body . The hilarious scene was not the result of the character visiting his dentist 's office or receiving novacaine . He ran into a former girlfriend -LRB- played by Julianne Phillips -RRB- at some sort of beauty spa and she gave him an extremely high , dangerous dose of electricity through some kind of beauty device . I do n't know what movie the Viewer from Connecticut and Rick Koeniq watched , but it certainly was n't the version of Skin Deep that the rest of the world has seen . Please , if you 're going to take up space on this website reviewing a movie , at least watch the movie closely enough to get your facts straight .
 My kids LOVED this video ! My 6-yr-old son asked if there was `` another episode '' and my 4-yr-old daughter immediately went and found a stuffed monkey and crocodile so she could re-enact the story . Lindsay Bonilla did a great job in encouraging kids to use their imaginations , learn about another country and culture , and think about the meaning of friendship .
 This film kept my young boys glued to the TV . It caught their attention immediately and continued to do so until the very end , which they then insisted on watching it again . As a mom I loved that it encouraged their own imaginations . Great for children who love a good story ! Now my son is asking for Lindsay to come to our house as a babysitter !
 Adorable movie . Educational and fun . Perfect for young children . Just long enough to hold their attention and plenty of playful action . Will spark their interest in geography , other cultures and folklore . My son and I will watch it again & again .
 It was really interesting to hear the a story of fraud on wall street from the man who committed the crimes . I found his explanations fascinating . He seems to have convinced himself that it was easier to keep lying to everyone and stealing more and more money than to stop and tell the truth . I liked the interviews with Drier who clearly loved to talk . This documentary made me realize that the people who commit these crimes are real people who get caught up in a lifestyle and will do anything to keep climbing . It kind of answers the questions of how could some do this and steal all of this money . It was very compelling and I was never bored with the story . Very good and highly recommended .
 Let me first say , I do n't feel sorry for these guys who rip people off , but this story is a great one . Talk about a dude that wanted to live up to the highest expectations of his family , peers , and society . This brilliant prominent lawyer and elitist guy felt pressures that he could n't handle and resorted to the dumbest thing of all , ripping people off to pay himself - the age old crime . Most of the movie takes place in his 10 million dollar New York Apartment that overlooks Manhattan -LRB- unreal views -RRB- . I would highly recommend watching this movie , I do feel a little guilty for paying to watch this movie on Amazon , hopefully my 3 dollars does n't get back to this guy in any way . A great preview of this movie , in parts , is a segment that 60 minutes did a couple months ago , worth checking out if you are still `` on the fence '' of whether to watch or not .
 This is an intriguing documentary about the life of someone truly despicable . Even today he seems to not fully grasp what he did was wrong . The thoroughly unlikable character but this is interesting as he describes his crime and how it unfolded .
 A full access , inside look at Dreier as he prepares for sentencing . This movie came highly recommended to me from someone close to Dreier .
 The great epiphany learned for Unraveled 's $ 3.99 rental price is in fact a priceless truth about Wall Street
 Often I do n't like documentaries from a first person perspective but this one works.I think it partly works because the main character is not hiding the fact that he was a criminal , he ruined his life and he hurt his family . He does n't seem to show much concern for those he hurt other than his family . He only discusses one of those he hurt , and he shows contempt for that person.All in all a fascinating & chilling ride and you are given uncharacteristic access to a white collar criminal and the wild saga he created and tried to outrun.The storyline is one you 'd only expect to see in a movie , but it 's real and yours for the viewing .
 For those of you , like me , who find themselves addicted to financial porn , a watch of this flic is a must . Totally gripping on so many levels .
 This is a well edited portrait of a complex man coming to terms with his deeds . I am not sure we get any closer to the truth of why , but we do see a fascinating portrait of a mediocre guy who yearns for something more . His arrogance even to the end is stunning . I was also struck by the fact that the highlight of his life may have been getting into Harvard . Everything after that seems to have been down hill . His naked attempt to manipulate the film makers is incredible .
 Dan Brown could take some lessons from Philip Gardiner . I really do n't understand all the hype around that book and movie after having seen this modern masterpiece . Finally I am getting some true insight into the secrets that the church has tried to repress for so long . Must view material .
 Author and filmmaker , Phillip Gardiner takes you around the world in an attempt to show the relationship between the Ark of the Covenant , the Shroud , and the importance of Mary . Gardiner is in his element linking these entities to secret societies and brotherhoods such as the Knights Templar .
 I will start with a disclosure
 BallouA family friendly inspirational film ! Great for use in middle school or High School classrooms to help teach Civil Rights and Education Reform.A must see for every High School band director and music teacher!Lesson plans are available for download at balloumovie dot com .
 I found the show to be very entertaining . It was shipped within the time frame . I would highly recommend it .
 While this series is somewhat predictable in its good-guy/bad-guy sub-plot , the novel concept of exploring &#34; troubled &#34; people -LRB- AKA those manifesting &#34; odd &#34; powers and talents -RRB- makes the series compelling . Agent Parker -LRB- our main protagonist -RRB- is somewhat barbie-doll like and lacks some of the sophistication expressed through characters in series like FRINGE or WAREHOUSE 13 , but she serves as a great backdrop for the story and is surrounded by some excellenty developed main characters . Fun , not too serious , engaging .
 we started watching haven on tv and missed some episodes so we decided to buy seasons 1 and 2 . waiting for season 3 is almost killing me .
 Roll on Stephen King -- great show -- great character development -- never boring . The love triangle is interesting -- such a change from the de rigeur bed-hopping !
 Loved it ... I 'm hoooked . I ca n't wait for the 3rd season to come out on dvd . brilliant series . . who comes up with this stuff ?
 I recommend this show completely ! This show is really entertaining and I hope the seasons keep coming . Great , great series .
 I got watch the season completely and didnot have to miss one . I can not wait for seaon three to come out
 It was great to learn more about Audrey and the troubles . I like seeing the growth of characters during the season .
 Great show that builds each episode ! Start with season one and you will be hooked ! Great characters and plot lines .
 I truly enjoyed watching the episode on my laptop . It is a great T.V Show - Science Fiction , and maybe Fantasy - but I tell it 's a terrific series to watch .
 I LOVE HAVEN . I LIKED THE WAY THEY DID THE BOX SET WITH THE DVD 'S . VERY PLEASED WITH THIS PURCHASE .
 The price was excellent of course I did get it during Cyber weekend . I plan to go back and get season 1 . Absolutely love this show
 If you 're reading this review , you 're probably already a Haven fan , and you probably already know that the show is awesome ! I bought the season because I wanted to watch it now that I have a better clue of what 's going on . It was so much better to watch the second time around . I love this show !
 Great series ! The way the story continues unfolding is fantastic . If you were fan of the first season , you will continue hooked with the second season . Fully recommended !
 got here really fast and just like it was described in the add . no problems with this product i loved it
 For the price you just cant beat it for intertainment ! So much fun figuring out what the people are going to get up to next .
 One of my favorite tv shows . It is very unusual and I love the characters and the story within a story .
 Haven on SyFy is a really great series ... . Stephen King meets the X-Files :-RRB- I thinkany true King fan will enjoy this show !
 Love this series and if you google the Novia Scotia town it is set in you really get a great coorlation ... I have both Standard and BLURAY ... I like this one mostly because the quality of the sound is SO MUCH BETTER .
 A really good tv series , I purchased this for my aunt and uncle and they really seem to love it .
 Haven is an excellent sci fi show . I enjoy the twists and turns of all the weird things that happen there . There are hints of things from Audry 's past that keep leaking out and making you want to know more . . Great show !!
 I am so happy with these new TV series based on supernatural events and story plots . This one is a winner . Every episodes keeps you at the edge of your seat ! Special effects are awesome . Kudos !!!
 What can I say about this show ? As a lifelong New Englander I 'm pleased that this show feels a lot like home . But of course this is n't my New England but Stephen King 's . If you 're a fan of scifi and the supernatural , I urge you to check this show out . Having an attractive cast does n't hurt , either !
 Love this show , so the blu-ray was a must buy for me . It 's great to see all the episodes together , and even better on a high def tv .
 Packaging was clean and crisp , obviously new . Discs were immaculate , no scuffs/scratches/smudges . Story is compelling , actors are great . Very pleased = D
 Loved the second season ! Lots of intrigue and great twists . I ca n't wait to buy the third season.What happens to Audrey ??
 If I had n't seen Warehouse 13 , Fringe and Eureka , I would have given this 5 stars . It is really good , just not as great as those other shows .
 It 's fun and keeps you guessing . A very nice escape . If you like a bit of sci fi , you 'll love Haven .
 I am looking forward to having the time to sit and totally immerse myself in this . I have not been able to watch it since changingcable companies shortly after the first few episodes aired .
 If you like Stephen King , you will really like this series . The episodes are really well thought out and the series will hold you up to the last episode for the season ! Glad I started watching the show . Ca n't wait until he 3rd season .
 The series is fun and the people work well together . Now we can watch it over and over when we want to .
 I am a Haven fanatic ! I absolutely love Emily Rose as Audrey ! I had missed a show so I needed to catch up , this is one series , where you really do need to see everything to know where you stand in the end , because you have may have missed something .
 One of my favorite TV series . I like all the characters , their interaction and the arc of the story line . I did n't read the Stephen King story it is based on so I have no quarrels with how it is being portrayed -LRB- how well it follows the original story , etc. . . -RRB- Very interesting shows and similar to Fringe in the uniqueness of events taking place in the town of Haven .
 Firstly '' Haven '' is seriously an Amazing Show Im happy to know there is a Season 4 comming ... . but very sad that it will be the Last one ... ? Still it will give the Writers / Producers / Directors enough Time to finish it on a High note and not like '' Alcatraz '' or '' V '' = Visitors or '' Fireflys '' and so many more cancellt TV Shows without an proper ending ... ? Now hier is my Problem on my Blu-Ray Season 2 Boxsett Episode 12 '' Sins of the Fathers '' befor Episode 13 '' Silent Night '' Christmas Episode . In Episode 12 there is the Cliffhanger about Audreys Kidnapping and Nathan Versus Duke Showdown to the Death ????? finishing episode 12 and on Episode 13 Silent Night opens up as if Episode 12 does not Exist with everybody Happy right from the Beginning ? If Episode 13 was some kind of a Special Bonus Episode for everybody why not putting it as an Special Feature Bonus Episode so Peoples dont get confused about it ????? My recommendation would be for Season two beginners to Watch Episode 13 = Christmas Special Silent Night first and than the Cliffhanger Episode 12 '' Sins of the Fathers '' after befor Season 3 comes out ... ? Makes more Sense to me ... ? A bit of a Stuff up who ever Did that without explaining it properly ... ? Still HAVEN Season 1 & 2 = 5 Big Stars ... ?
 Do n't really know what to say other than I love the show and the blu-rays look and sound wonderful . Looking forward to picking up seasons three . I will say that the price of the bluray for a 13 episode syfy show , is too expensive . But , oh well .
 HAVEN IS MY FAVORITE TV SHOW I RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE WHO LOVES SCI FI SHOWS.IT HAS SUSPENCE AND SOME ACTION
 While the SyFy channel makes horrible TV movies , their track record of great shows is a long one . And this is another one . I ca n't wait for Season 3 to be released !
 I have been a fan since the first episode . It is amazing the twist the writer 's come up with . There is always plot twist.I love that you do not want to leave the room for fear of missing a paramount moment .
 I have watched all three seasons and each one is better than the previous season . Watch them all , you wo n't be disappointed !
 loe this show , fun interesting , a little like a supernatural northern exposure , quirky things and people would recomend to anyone , watched it thru streaming on my tv , it was great looking no pauses or hiccups . i Plan to watch more movies
 It is a good sequel ! It still have suspense and mystery like the 1st season!It has Stephen King typical horror theme !
 Good pickup from the previous ending . Familiar characters are fleshed out more and the mystery of the Colorado Kid continues . This episode made me want to see the next one as soon as possible .
 I love this show . I 'm so glad that it got picked up for 3rd season . Just saw the premiere the other day and it 's still great . Great chemistry on all leads characters . Hope it stays good like this and last for awhile , would hate to see it goes .
 A show that prey - I mean plays upon many of Stephen King 's wondrous imaginationary creations ? Whether subtle or overt or twisted a bit more ? It just gets better in the second season , whatwith mysteries piling on each other , and each secret revealed more tantalizing than the one before , but with the price of more questions popping up . As well as shocking things that happen to jolt you back.The Troubles are still getting confused , but so is the mystery of the man with the tattoo , and Audrey 's connection to Haven , Maine , and , most especially , her own childhood.Unlike Stephen King 's stories , however , this show does n't need graphic language nor excessive violence , nor even heavy sex scenes to prove itself worthy of attention . It proves its worth all its own , and does it thoroughly .
 Just finished watching Season 2 and I ca n't find the review I 'd thought I 'd written of Season 1 so here goes . I watched the pilot episode last winter as part of i-Tunes 12 days of Christmas give-a-way and was immediately caught by the fact that it 's set in Lunenburg , 20 miles from the home where I grew up and a place we visited to pay our taxes and visit the relatives in town . Founded by Germans in 1753 the now World Heritage Site Community has been a sea-faring town from day one . In any community where the inexplicable happens on a regular basis and men are lost to the uncontrollable force that is the sea superstitions and ghostly hauntings are commonplace . The fact that a Canadian fishing port is standing in for one in Maine not far from Bangor is a minor detail . The aerial shots of town , the views of the waterfront and the two main streets including City Hall which acts as the police station gives one who has lived there an eerie sense of home.To a large degree the paranormal events that form the show 's storylines simply expand upon existing myths and legends that go back centuries . Mind you a show that utilizes the Ten Plagues of Egypt in the Biblical Book of Exodus is a might fanciful . If the filming locations in Hubbards , Chester , Mahone Bay , and Lunenburg and a sound stage inside the Chester Arena drew me in it 's the quality of the writing and acting that kept my attention . Utilizing the cream of Canadian acting talent and 300-odd support crew the show sparkles . The two male leads are lanky , quirky , and ruggedly handsome playing off one another in combative fashion . In a supplement to Season 2 we are told to expect them to find excuses to take off their shirts more often in Season 3 . Who knew a chief of police could be sexy.The enigmatic female FBI Agent who completes the trio of leads is based on a book by Steven King . The minor characters are not cardboard cut-outs , the two brothers who run the town newspaper being scene-stealers whenever they appear . Season 2 has a thirteenth episode which acts as a Christmas Special shot in July which must have bemused the locals . The town of Haven is an ever-present character in every episode always making its presence felt . Duke 's ` boat ' lies moored to a dock along the waterfront should you drop by and a stone 's throw distant the Bluenose II replica was lowered into the water in her dry-dock just yesterday , September 29th . Plenty of authentic lore present here with or without any additions.Shown on the Sci-Fi Channel the characters portrayed here give realism to the show that belies its venue . It 's the kind of show that tends to draw the view in . It surely did me .
 i really enjoyed season 2 of haven . i have all of stephen kings books and movies and really enjoy them .
 So , Season 2 is 12 episodes and a very enjoyable Christmas episode -LRB- in July -RRB- . Haven continues to be chock full of plot twists , which I never saw coming . Being sick stinks , but it 's a good time to watch Season 2 of a good show . The part with the mayor 's son felt forced to me , but that was the only weak point . You do get some details on what is going on , and the brothers interaction gets more interesting . Edge is actually pretty good on the show , so I did n't mind his appearances . Though , pro wrestlers are better actors then some think.The cliff hanger definitely leaves you ready to eager for Season 3 . Easy to recommend .
 love this show its never boring moves fast and it has shock value , cant wait tell its back , I have never seen anything like this so its inovative
 The first season started off so-so , then ended with a phenomal cliff hanger . The second season turned that cliff hanger into an awesome storyline that arced the entire season , answering some questions but opening the doors to so many more , all the while showing true growth in both cast chemistry , writer 's story-telling and just the show as a whole grew totally into its own . As if the first season 's finale was n't jaw-dropping enough , the second season 's gave the first 's a run for its money in shock . Awesome . Emily Rose is fantastic ... my wife and I can not wait for the third season and are completely depressed we have to wait so long ! At least there 's a Christmas special this year ! Enjoy !
 Currently one of My favorite shows on TV at this time , I would recommend it to anybody that I know .
 When will Season 3 start ? I look forward to the next episode every week . What will happen next in Haven . I would move there .
 I am a huge fan of this series but despise commercials . I will also be buying season 3 when becomes available . I love the whole premise of the show as well as the central characters .
 Season two was even better than season one . There is so much action in Haven and I also love the way they go back to the past . Show how everything started in Haven . .
 The product , was just as advertised but did take take much longer to arrive than is usual when using the free shipping option . That was not an Amazon issue , it was the shipper -LRB- UPS -RRB- . The packaging was intact , nothing cracked or broken . Haven is one of those shows that is a bit campy , different and quirky without coming off as totally ridiculous . You get a bit of new information about the characters just often enough to keep you interested in the larger story arc and to move it forward , yet each episode has a complete story within itself . I will be buying Season 3 when it comes out next fall .
 I have season one as well and totally enjoy both seasons . I especially enjoy no commercials and able to watch this at my leisure . Not happy with the way season three is going so not sure I will be purchasing that when that is available . Recommend watching the series before buying to see if this type if show appeals to you .
 Have not watched yet have to finish another show first . But I really enyoyed season one . Can not wait to start .
 Awesome show , loved watching it , would recommend it to others if they like show about weird occurrences in a town in Maine .
 This is an awesome series . The bonus features add to the storyline and there are a good number of them including audio commentaries , featurettes , interviews and the Christmas episode .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this season and it definitely left me wanting more ! The character development is coming along the mysteries deepen and I just want to keep watching . If season three is as good as season two than you can be sure I will be buying ! Gifts or curses for those afflicted , we shall see ... OOOOOOOO AWWAWWWW ! -LRB- evil maniacal laughter -RRB-
 Love the show . I 've watched it from the first broadcast . I like the full season sets but it would be nice if the studios would use better packaging materials . I do n't like the all cardboard and the jewel case plastic hubs . They eventually wear out . Plus , standard size multi-disk boxes take up less space .
 I needed to catch up on episodes before watching this season -LRB- season 3 -RRB- . I really enjoy the series , the picture quality and sound were great on amazon .
 I really like this show . I watched as soon as I got it and was not dissappointed . The charcters are developing nicely and the mystery was still there . I want to get the third season already . Fun show and it draws you in . Good chemistry between the leads help keep you watching .
 I 'm pleased to say it arrived early and played beautifully without `` glitches '' or ANY annoying pixelation or audio problems . I enjoyed it very much .
 Actors are excellent . Needs more supernatural things in it with a lot more action , but still it is a very spectacular show . I and many others around me truly enjoy it . definitely enjoy it .
 Fabulous show . The concept in Season 1 was excellent but the show just became more mysterious and exciting as Season 2 progressed . Ca n't wait for Season 3 . I do wish that this show would get more press as it is wonderful and more people should be watching it .
 Being a Stephen King fan , I am so very much enjoying Haven . I panicked when I thought season two might not be released on dvd and the series cancelled . I do n't know if other fans wrote in , but I sure did . I am so happy with season two . I watched all the episodes in less than two days . I am really looking forward to season three and the next set of dvds . If you are a fan , you will love watching Haven w/o commercials . Please be sure to let SyFy know you want the series to continue . I very much recommend season one and two . ENJOY
 When I first watched `` Haven '' on SyFy I thought , ' Well , this is certainly different ! ' I am familiar with many Stephen King movies and this one is fabulous ! I am glad it 's a series and not just a movie . I have watched both Season One and Two and purchased the DVD for Season 2 from Amazon . It is very good . The show is awesome and the special features just are icing on the cake!I only watch 2 series on all of TV and they are `` Haven '' and `` Walking Dead '' . And I am a 63 year old lady ! And I am not nuts ! I love science fiction and always have . But these 2 shows have `` heart '' and lots of it . Character driven stories that are really good.You will love the DVD of `` Haven '' both season 1 and 2 . Season 3 has already begun and promises to be even more exciting and yes , even scary !
 My sister started watching Haven and raved about it to me . We are both Sci-Fi fantasy geek girls and love Stephen King , so naturally this one went into the pile of have to see/read/own . I 'm so glad I found out about this one and I loved it so much I bought an Amazon TV pass to Season 2 right away . First , a word of warning . This show is a lot quirkier than most Supernatural/Fantasy TV series . Much more along the lines of Warehouse 13 and Eureka than Supernatural or X-Files . And it has a sly , bantering quiet sense of humor much like that of its heroine Audrey . And you may think , `` What the heck is this ? I 'm expecting the monster to leap out at any moment and devour people , to see blood and guts and people running through the woods screaming . '' But that 's not what this show is about except maybe on the surface . Sort of . It seems so simple that at first I nearly gave up on it since I thought , `` Wow , if this is all there is to it then why am I watching ? '' But having been warned by my sister that it starts off slow and you have to be patient to get a payoff I kept watching and I 'm so glad I did . Because as with most things -LRB- okay all things -RRB- Stephen King there is alot more going on beneath the surface than one sees at first glance . BTW - while this series is based loosely on the Stephen King novella `` The Colorado Kid '' it is n't strictly written by King himself . Nonetheless it still has his particular brand of humor/horror/supernatural stamp on it and enough nods to his other material to make a rabid fan still quite happy.Slowly you find yourself becoming hooked on the people themselves . Gorgeous Nate who literally ca n't feel anything except emotions , equally gorgeous Duke who 's the bad boy with a heart -LRB- sometimes -RRB- and our former FBI agent turned small town cop girl Audrey . Lucky , lucky Audrey ! The two intriguing older gents who run the town newspaper and act as Audrye 's surrogate mentors/friends/confidantes and who I am beginning to suspect are n't exactly what they seem to be . -LRB- But then again in Haven no one is -RRB- . And then there are the people who are `` troubled '' that often wreak unintended consequences on the rest of their fellows and community as their various supernatural talents surface in unexpected ways . Think of it as sort of a Nancy Drew grows up , is gorgeous and has a brain and wits to match and takes up where the X-files left off . The Winchester boys from Supernatural would be be impressed and quite possibly very smitten with Audrey . She 's the sort of woman who is more than a match for any of the men in the series and yet real enough and smart enough to make someone like me wish I could find a best friend exactly like her.I wo n't give anything away with this review except to say that if you like different , odd , quirky and intriguing then Haven is a TV series you do n't want to miss .
 Love Haven , ca n't wait for the full second season to be released on DVD , so had to buy the episode in order to see it sooner . The characters are awesome and blend well together .
 Absolutely brilliant ! Love this series , my very favourite . Product came fairly quickly also.Will be ordering series 3 the minute it 's released
 I 'm a Haven Junkie . Ca n't wait for Season 4 ! Keeps me on the edge of my seat . I wish the series would go all the way back to when the troubles began .
 I absolutely love this TV show and ca n't wait for the next season to begin ! I only hope there are many more seasons to come .
 When I saw Season 1 pilot of Haven on the Syfy channel , I thought that this was an amazing concept and an extremely entertaining show . You do n't get many great story lines in TV today ... just a lot of fast-paced , action-filled with everything happening at the blink of an eye , shoot ` em up and throw them out ... case solved -LRB- which I like but prefer differing choices -RRB- . With Haven , you get that sci-fi , supernatural long-lasting drama , that actually has a tale in each episode -LRB- it reminds me of the old Hitchcock or Twilight Zone series.All the characters in this series have some paranormal capacity , but you never know quite what it is . Take for example the main character , FBI agent Audrey Parker , there is some eeriness about her but it never is identified ; only speculated ... but she is the enforcement officer in this small town Haven , Maine that upholds the law , battles the paranormal and resolves the unknown . After all , Haven is a town were mysterious things occur , and therefore , attract people with some assortment of the supernatural affiliation . `` Haven '' is a wonderfully witty and entertaining series . Of course , you must like this kind of genre to fully appreciate sci-fi , supernatural drama at its finest . Season 2 has turned out to be just as awesome as season 1 . I just love summer TV on the Syfy channel ... many great original series worth watching . I 'm always anticipating the next Haven episode ... love it ! The story line 's uniqueness is Brilliant !!!!
 The packaging is a small step up from last seasons awkward off set stack and tabs , which seems like it wo n't last . This season has the discs double stacked on a spindle , I do n't feel it will last long either but longer than season ones . I do have a tendency to watch shows/episodes many times when I truly enjoy the story or characters . So my usage may be a little higher than most and packaging is important to me . Also as a side note the HAVEN wind vane on the menu is bad-ass . I enjoy a marathon , or play all feature which is also included on this seasons menu . : - -RRB-
 This is a great series . I loved season one and season 2 is even better . I received my DVD in great shape and very promptly . I would recommend this series to everyone .
 Oh , the deep , dark secrets of picturesque Haven , Maine ... some of which finally see the light of day in Season 2 . With his father dead , Nathan Wuornos -LRB- Lucas Bryant -RRB- has assumed the mantle of Haven Chief of Police , but his tenure promises to be ephemeral . The sinister and ridiculously influential Reverend Driscoll -LRB- Stephen McHattie -RRB- - whose weathered mug gives Lance Henriksen 's a run for its money - means to oust him . We also meet the presumably authentic FBI agent Audrey Parker -LRB- Kathleen Munroe -RRB- whose memories she shares with our central character , the `` fake '' FBI agent Audrey Parker -LRB- Emily Rose -RRB- . We knew something had to give , but it 's fascinating watching these two Audreys interact for as long as that lasts.In Season 2 HAVEN 's expanding mythology finds me even more hooked . Have you heard this already ? Let me *** SPOILER ALERT *** the rest of this paragraph . Every few decades , the supernatural plague known as `` The Troubles '' resurfaces , and , each time , the woman we currently know as Audrey Parker appears but always with someone else 's memories . Now of Haven PD , Audrey juggles current cases even as she digs into her mysterious past . Who is Lucy Ripley ? We get answers.You have to be patient with HAVEN . Regarding the overarching plotlines , it fancies a dragged-out pace and leisurely reveals . Or maybe I 'm so invested in the series that the reveals ca n't come fast enough . And , as if Audrey Parker is n't already bogged down with two possible love interests , here comes a potential third suitor . Bolstering the already excellent cast is Jason Priestley as the mayor 's surly and `` Troubled '' son who inherits his father 's paranormal gift of wild popularity . Only Audrey is immune , as she 's immune to anything Troubles-related . Her immunity to his charisma intrigues him . Less striking is another new addition , Vinessa Antoine , who plays our favorite smuggler Duke Crocker 's estranged wife Evi . But does she have an agenda ? Does a bear drop trou in the woods ? Is `` idiopathic neuropathy '' hard to spell?Duke -LRB- the long-jawed Eric Balfour -RRB- , by the way , is still fidgety ever since he learned of a prophesy which sees him dead at the hands of a tattooed man . There 's some headway on that front , as well.Set in gloomy New England , the alarming happenings in Haven prove that the east coast is n't the best coast . The Troubles are back , and so Audrey and Nathan routinely find themselves investigating cases in which the suspects are `` Troubled '' or `` Afflicted '' or , for all we know , `` Alphaed . '' In Haven the reality of the Troubles is an open secret , one of those things of which people are aware but simply do n't talk about . It 's long been festering , the uneasy stand-off between the normals and the Troubled , until the sinister minister 's machinations finally set things to a deadly boil . I 'm sort of waiting for a bald telepath on a wheelchair to show up and found a school for gifted youngsters.Personally , because I am secretly a romantic sap , I 'm heavily invested in Audrey and Nathan 's hooking up . But while waiting on that to develop , I 'm still enjoying the cases they get saddled with . With all the weird stuff going on , the Haven Herald must make for compulsive reading -LRB- if only the staff is n't dedicated to obfuscating the truth -RRB- . My favorite episode of Season 2 is `` Audrey Parker 's Day Off . '' It features HAVEN 's take on GROUNDHOG DAY as Audrey finds herself reliving the same day over and over . Awesomely , it gives Nathan a chance to casually inform Audrey
 This show started out strong , started to waiver -LRB- almost like the writers got bored with it -RRB- , then took off again . Nice plot hooks -LRB- and the best music of ANY show out there -RRB- , good acting and there should be -LRB- I hope -RRB- enough material to mine for at least a few more seasons . 8 out of 10 -LRB- hey , when you have to compete with Breaking Bad there 's only so many 9 's out there -RRB- - you 'll like it .
 Granted , season 2 has n't been as good as the first season so I was pleasantly surprised to finally see a solid episode such as this . They neatly tied all the loose strings together as well , which I appreciate . The repeating day plot is n't new and can be quite tedious -LRB- Groundhog Day annoys me soooo much -RRB- but they handled the repeat days with enough variety that it did n't get boring . Good acting and believable characters and dialog make this show a pleasure to watch .
 The second series was as good as the first . It continues on about the mystery of the &#34; troubles &#34; and the show always develops interesting troubles . In the the second series it digs into Audrey Parkers character more and explains her relationship with Lucy and Sarah -LRB- who are all the same person but from different eras -RRB- . I highly recommend watching from the beginning -LRB- series one -RRB- and sticking with the show . It is confusing at first but once you 've watch a few shows things start to fall into place . You really do understand the show and start to get hooked . I rented the entire series and watched the shows continuously which helped make more sense . I then loved it so much bought the collections . Enjoyed it a lot !
 My teenagers and I absolutely love this series . season 1 was amazing ! Season 2 was even better . Ca n't wait for Season 3 , 4 , 5 ... you get the picture
 Just so you know I am not a big Syfy fan but haven is so fun to watch . You never know what will happen next . I ordered the first and second season . The third season just ended and I am excited for the fourth season . Enjoy . . you will not be disappointed .
 I ordered the 1 disk Blu-ray version but what I received was a 4 disc Blu-ray version that I ca n't even find listed anywhere here on the Amazon site , so I ca n't comment on the the physical qualities of the single disk release.As for the 4 disc release , the packaging looks to be the same as the regular DVD version . It 's a full tri-fold slip cased holder with the episode synopses on the first fold and the discs stacked on top of each other 2 to a fold on the remaining sections.The story itself continues to be well scripted and acted , and they keep me interested from episode to episode , answering some questions and bringing up new ones as the season progresses . There are not any episodes that do not move the main story and plot along , no side trips as it were , with the exception of the Christmas special , and even it does a good job of moving the story along . That episode is on the last disk as the last feature , but I would have put it at the very beginning . I say this mainly because after watching the cliff hanger ending , it almost seems to be a step back . But I guess it 's a side trip.The special features are worth watching and an entertaining behind the scenes look that are just about the right length . Long enough that I felt I learned something neat about the show , but not so long that I started looking at my clock wondering how much longer.One reason I detracted a star is for a purely technical standpoint . 6 episodes had commentary tracks . 2 of them had 2 commentary tracks . Rather than making the commentary tracks be an alternate audio stream on the main title , the commentary tracks are on their own distinctive titles on the disk . This makes it impossible to easily and conveniently watch a scene , then back up a few minutes and re-watch it with the commentary track turn on so see if there was a particular comment about it . Instead , you 'd have to exit completely back out to the main menu and choose the commentary version to watch to get that . I can think of no logical reason this was done this way .
 I am a huge stephen king fan . I have all the books , movies , etc. . This tv show is awesome . I have to say that silent night the christmas episode has to be the weirdest one . It totally got under my skin . I have loved both seasons and I have never been bored with the show . I also like the characters they all do a great job . I think that it is a really involving show . You get into it and it is suspensful .
 I loved season 1 and Season 2 has been just as good . Myself I ca n't stand the shows that keep you hanging at the end of each week . I love the fact that Haven keeps each episode a story alone , it keeps me coming back totally excited to see the next episode ! Yet still seems to give me just enough of a clue to realize there is a bigger picture ! I think it helps to keep the veiwers -LRB- at least myself -RRB- excited for each episode without being board with series ! I have to say its pretty much my favorite !!!
 Time is dragging by waiting for the release of Season 2 on DVD and the start of Season 3 in September . This is one of our favorite shows . What `` troubles '' will show up this new season ? Season 2 had a lot of twists and turns to it . There was a second Audrey Parker . Nate 's own troubles disappeared . We had attack of the machines . A wedding where everyone was trapped . Audey relived the same day over and over . Duke 's ex-wife Evi showed up . The dead return to exact revenge on the living . Audrey , Nate , Duke and Evi are trapped in the police station by the new chief . `` The Rev '' is up to his evil tricks and gets what he deserves . WOW ! And to top it off , one day it is Christmas to only Audrey and no one else ! We own Season 1 and have watched it over this summer . Anxiously awaiting to view Season 2 again as I know there is a lot of little things we have forgotten . Just glad that the release of Season 2 is before the Start of Season 3 .
 King 's take of the `` The Colorado Kid '' taken and placed to a tv series . Note this is the second -LRB- and final season -RRB- and the story line starts condensing rapidly when the writers find out if has to end now !! Good series , probably could have gotten a good third season out with some care . Shame it go canceled so soon .
 with this being the best series on TV even better than fringe and thats saying alot this blu ray loks great with the nice back ground of the northeast coast .
 Hoping that season two is as great as season one . . You did n't know from week to week what was next ... If the second season is as good as the fist it will be worth waiting for ...
 I loved watching this - over and over ... and over . It 's not at all boring , not one second . You really get to see Zo and Jeannie in their almost day-to-day life . It 's worth buying . I got it for my birthday and I 've never been happier .
 I 'm in the film industry myself , and this is a great look at the inner workings ; how hard life can be and how erratic careers can flow . Very highly recommended !
 Double Dare is a great documentary ! You really get an inside look at some of the behind the scenes stunt stuff you never really get to see , and you see who Jeannie Epper and Zoe Bell are . This documentary shows you more than what happens on set . You get to see these women in their homes , and see their relationships with their family , friends , and with each other . After this documentary , I 'm a huge fan of both these stuntwomen .
 Seeing Zoe Bell get a mentor and champion -LRB- in the states -RRB- was a very interesting story to me . I did n't know she had been Lucy Lawless 's stunt double for the run of Xena warrior princess . I did not know the program was not made in the states . I first saw Zoe in Q.T.s DEATHWISH half of GRINDHOUSE when i saw -LRB- with a handful of other people -RRB- that film theatrically . The woman who helps zoe get her foot in Hollywood is a really fantastic woman . Her story is as interesting as Zoe 's . I want to get a copy of Hal Needham 's stuntman book when it gets into my price range . If , like me , you know relatively little about the folk who do the stuntwork for film and television , i think you 'll really enjoy this film and its two lovely ladies .
 Zoe is such an amazing person , funny , kickass and everything most people ca n't be . Jeanie was also great and helped Zoe get her foot in the door , its a great romp of two generations !
 I first fell in love with Zoe Bell after seeing her in `` Death Proof '' . She is a wonderful actress as well as a Stunt Woman Legend ! Not being a fan of `` Xena , princess warrior '' , I did not realize that she did the stunt work for Lucy Lawless.She puts her `` Kiwi '' self into everything she does and I 'm hard pressed to think of any other woman as dedicated to her profession with the exception of Jeannie Epper ! You ROCK Ladies , Gregg A. SchaferYorba Linda , CA . USA
 This was a highly entertaining and informative video on stuntwomen new and veteran alike . Loved stuntman legend Terry Leonard 's comments on problems stuntwomen face that the men do n't encounter . Have watched this DVD over and over . Well worth the money .
 I got this after seeing Zoe Bell in Deathproof . I just have to say this is an excellent view into the lives of these two amazingly strong and talented women . Kudos to the director !!!!!!! Get it , Get it , Get it , you wont regret it !!!!!!!!! Rock on ZOE !!!!!!!
 Double Dare offers a great look into the world of female stunt-women as we follow the blossoming career of Zoe Bell and the closing chapters of Jeannie Epper . Zoe Bell is well known after her role in Quentin Tarantino 's Death Proof where she portrayed herself in a dramatic car chase movie . Double Dare follows the charismatic Zoe from her final days on set of Xena in New Zealand all the way to Hollywood where she is picked up to double on Kill Bill . The film is n't the best documentary I 've ever seen but Zoe Bell takes the audience along on here wild adventures and makes for a great story . Fans of Kill Bill will enjoy a glimpse into the behind the scenes although not enough for my liking.Double Dare is an eye opener into the stunt world and just how important these people , often over looked , are to the film industry .
 That was the quickest 210 minutes I 've spent in a LONG time . These two women , Jeannie Epper and Zoe Bell , are fascinating . The stunt world seems to be about half carnie and half Hollywood ... I 'd say the best of both worlds.Jeannie is totally remarkable for her generosity , both in her encouragement and help toward the young Zoe , and in her life in general -- obviously very giving to her family and she even gave a KIDNEY to her unrelated friend Ken Howard ! I 'd never heard that story before -- wow.Less of the personal side of Zoe was shown , but what we did see was how remarkably her body has always done what she wants . As someone who could n't even do a cartwheel as a child , I am in awe and very envious.This was a terrific documentary . The editing was tight and it had zero slow spots for me , but then I 'm a big documentary fan . As I noted at the beginning , the movie flew by . Like Wonder Woman !
 Wow , I 've been so thirsty for material on stunt women and this was a drop of water in a very dry bucket . I 've been long time fascinated with the women who bring my favorite super hero 's into action . Being a female I 'm naturally more interested in female super `` hera 's '' and the relationship between actor and `` stuntor '' . To make the scene come off seamless they really have to collaborate like synchronized ballerinas to successfully pull off a convincing action sequence and it 's utterly amazing . After watching this I did a little research on stunt women using Buffy the Vampire Slayer as a reference point and I was amazed to find out how many beautiful talented women there are in this industry . There are not too many clips for BtVS fans that show the making of action scenes where the stunt double steps in and the actor sashays out . But Double Dare takes you there , shows how much work both actor and stuntor do work together equally hard in different ways . If you are buying this strictly as a Lucy Lawless fan you will not get enough of her-she is an amazing woman and the few scenes with her are priceless and worth your collection , but this is about the unsung hera 's , the stunt woman . Had I to do it over again , and knew such possibilities existed , I would n't have scoffed at gymnastics and been a stunt woman for sure . Thanks to Quentin for making great women hera 's and I appreciate your humor for killing your character every time you or someone else plays a misogynistic bastard-as if you 're reading this LOL Thanks to Joss Whedon as well . But mostly thanks to Jeannie Epper , Zoe Bell , Amanda Micheli , Sophia Crawford , Melissa Barker and countless other women who have pioneered this industry and to the men who recognized their talent and gave them the leg up in a male dominated role .
 This is a pretty cool and interesting documentary if you understand the subject matter going into it.The movie primarily takes a look at two Holllwood stunt woman
 This movie explores the lives of 2 incredible stuntwomen
 I got a chance to see this movie in San Francisco a few weeks back and I absolutely fell in love with it . The story revolves two stuntwomen , one starting her career and one on the tail end of her career . You see the ups and downs of trying to get a career started and the ups and downs of trying to get one going . It 's hard enough being a stuntperson at all , let alone being a woman in a job domminated by men.The cameos in the movie by the likes of Steven Spielberg , and Quentin Tarantino are just added bonuses to make an already great movie just that much more interesting.This is a great look at what goes on behind the scenes in a way you 've probably never seen before . If you 're a fan of action films , of filmmaking , or just of women who kick ass then pre-order this baby now . I just did .
 Yes this documentary tries to be marketed to Kill Bill fans and Yes this documentary tries to be marketed to Xena fans ... BUT this documentary is so much more . It delivers a very interesting insight view into the hollywood industry showing the work of stunt artists - femal stunt artists - and how they work . A very intimate look at two outstanding artists of their profession and the DVD even offers more
 Double Dare is an in depth look into the lives of two stunt women in a profession dominated by men . Wonderful behind the scenes footage . I also really enjoyed the special features . There is a very interesting interview with Quentin Tarentino on women action heroes . I highly recommend Double Dare !
 And it was totally worth it . I learned so much about the stunt industry , about how things happen behind the scenes , and especially about these two women featured in the Documentary.I was amazed at the amount of work , and pain that goes into being a good stunt woman . I was also touched by the loving nature of Jeannie Epper and how she helped out a friend who was dying even if could have possibly ended her career , when she was struggling to KEEP her career going.This is just an amazing story , and one that every fan of movies in general should check out .
 Stuntwomen ... what you need to know - they are hot ... k nuff said . No seriously . These lady 's O leaping jump in and out of danger to make other prissy chicks look good . Zoe Bell and Jeannie Epper befriend each other and discuss the trials and tribulations of being a woman in a predominantley male field.you have n't seen it ? Well now 's your chance . The DVD boasts interviews with Tarantino -LRB- as he waxes on about his love of Xena -RRB- , Spielberg , and Lucy Lawless . You see Jeannie deal with getting old in a young industry , Zoe landing the job on Kill Bill and the hilarity of what it takes to stay at the top of their game.Buy it Pee ON !
 I saw Zoe Bell at a Xena Convention promoting the film and I thought it would be very interesting . I just loved it . I found it fasinating . How hard they work and how much passion it takes . Jeannie Epper what a great lady . I did n't know how much I had enjoyed her work till I saw this . She was in Wonder Woman and Romancing The Stone I loved that and I was amazed that she is still working . What saddened me was that woman in the industry are still struggling . It seems strange since they take so much risk because there is no where to hide the padding that they are not honored more . I was just so pleased with this . What great movie .
 When Amanda Micheli started filming DOUBLE DARE , about two top female stunt doubles , she certainly had no idea how lucky she had become . One of the two women was Jeannie Epper , one of the top female stuntwomen ever , a pioneer in a profession where women had previously been doubled by men -LRB- best illustrated in the film by a still photo of Irene Ryan , best known as Granny on THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES , standing beside a man dressed up in an outfit similar to hers -RRB- and perhaps best known as the double for Lynda Carter on WONDER WOMAN . Her inclusion in the documentary was basically a no brainer , but selecting Zo Bell had , in 2001 when filming began , to be something of a gamble . Though she possessed over-the-top skills as a stunt double , she had only one item on her resume . That one item , however , was doubling Lucy Lawless on XENA
 How awesome is this documentary !? What a great inside look at stunt women and their fight for equality and just making it in the industry , in general ! I definitely have great respect for their work now !!
 We 've enjoyed watching these dvd 's over & over . They 're so refreshing in a day in which everything else on tv is miserable .
 If you 're into the perfect mid-century family sitcom , then this is for you ! The writing for the Donna Reed Show is witty and urbane while still covering family issues that are relevant even today . OK - so who believes that ANY family issue can be resolved so quickly ?!? But this was the way it was done then and still holds true in today 's TV writing with the exception that THIS is Donna Reed - and for a closeted Donna Reed - I have found my bliss !
 What a treat for all of the Donna Reed Show fans ! Finally someone released this wonderful show on DVD ! Thanks Arts Alliance ! Please , Please release the rest of the seasons ! Thank you ! I recommend this collection to ANYONE who likes a classy 60 's show ! Fun for the whole family !
 I received my DVD this week and I watched the first of the set of 4 DVD 's and the shows were just as I remember them . If you are a classic fan of TV this is a must for your DVD collection . I am looking foward to the rest of the series to be out on DVD.KS
 Ca n't wait for future releases because this first Box set is absolutely the best by far ! It takes us back to a simpler time , the way mothers would stay at home and care for their family . It will be interesting to see if they release the episode where Shelley Fabarares sings `` Johnny Angel . '' Because of music right clearances , this episode never aired in syndication . Let 's hope the company gets the right to this very ` special ' episode !
 I have been pleased with this product . Quality of conversion to dvd is good . Be aware that the story lines reflect the time period in which they are made . -LRB- Some of the shows have a very `` 50 's '' attitude toward women and their place in society . -RRB- Has sparked some very interesting conversation with my two modern teenage girls !
 THE DONNA REED SHOW IS VERY FAMILY ORIENTED . WHEN YOU ARE FEELING DOWN , WATCH SOME OF THESE EPISODES . THEY ARE REAL PICK ME UP .
 I love this show & was very pleased with this purchase . I only wish they would release every season on DVD .
 Old shows are the best . I enjoy the oldies and old family shows are one of my favorites . Need to have more of this kind of TV available for Kindle .
 This is feel good TV . I just Love All of the shows on Season 1 * Great Show for All Ages and wii be purchasing more Seasons .
 It 's time to celebrate , the First Season of the ground-breaking and truly iconic classic The Donna Reed Show is coming to DVD after years of fan pleadings - along with a promise to release Season 2 next year!Joe Amodei , President of Arts Alliance America and Mary Owen -LRB- the daughter of Donna Reed -RRB- made the happy announcement together . The release will celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the show 's debut episode . ABC first aired The Donna Reed Show on Wednesday , Sept. 24 , 1958 at 9:00 p.m.The series took place in the fictional town of Hilldale . It centered around the dreams , ambitions , and frustrations of the Stone family
 With the blessings of her children and production by Arts Alliance America , `` The Donna Reed Show '' has finally made its way to DVD!As with Oscar winner Walter Brennen in ` The Real McCoys ' , Academy award winner Donna Reed moves to the the small screen as homemaker Donna Stone accompanied by Carl Betz -LRB- future Emmy winner -RRB- as her pediatrician husband , Dr. Alex Stone . With Shelley Fabares and Paul Peterson as their children Mary and Jeff -LRB- and soon to be teen idols -RRB- , the ` The Donna Reed Show ' depicts a late 1950 's sitcom family resulting in mostly comedic outcomes while including many tender family moments representing poignant & groundbreaking social issues of the time.Arts Alliance America brings us this delightful series with the complete Season One -LRB- no half season release here -RRB- with a whopping 37 episodes in pristine Black & White . Although 50 years since its debut , the ` The Donna Reed Show ' will delight viewers old and new with it 's contemporary family friendly moral themes.Even after 50 years this is true quality family programming at its best!UPDATE
 I have waited what seems like an eternity -LRB- Actually it 's been 50 years since the show debuted -RRB- for The Donna Reed Show to finally be on dvd . I am just so happy to be able to view this fantastic show again whenever I want!The Donna Reed Show debuted on ABC , on September 24,1958 and ran until 1966 , for eight seasons . It 's first sponsors were the Campbell Soup Co. and the Johnson and Johnson Company . It starred the Stone Family , Donna Stone -LRB- Donna Reed -RRB- the most wonderful mother you could ever want , Dr.Alex Stone -LRB- Carl Betz -RRB- her pediatrician doctor husband , Mary Stone -LRB- Shelley Fabares -RRB- -LRB- 1958-1963 -RRB- Donna 's 14 year old daughter , Jeff Stone -LRB- Paul Petersen -RRB- Donna 's 11 year old son , and a later on adopted 9 year old daughter Trisha Stone -LRB- Patty Petersen , Paul Petersen 's real life sister -RRB- -LRB- 1963-1966 -RRB- . Trisha came into the show after Mary -LRB- Fabares -RRB- went away to college , in reality , Fabares left the show to pursue her acting and singing career . The other regulars in the show were Donna 's next door neighbor and best friend , Midge Kelsey -LRB- Ann McCrea -RRB- -LRB- 1963-1966 -RRB- and her husband Dr. Dave Kelsey -LRB- Bob Crane -RRB- -LRB- 1963-1965 , Bob left the show to star in Hogan 's Heroes -RRB- . Jimmy Hawkins played George Haskell in 1959 , then became Scotty Simpson from 1960 to 1965 . Scotty was Mary 's boyfriend . Darryl Richard -LRB- Smitty 1962-1966 -RRB- and Janet Landgard -LRB- Karen Holmby 1964-1965 -RRB- were also regular friends on the show.The Guest stars were numerous on the show as well , including some of the better known
 I used to watch Donna Reed on Nick at Nite every single night before going to bed , and well it seems that I am doing that once again thanks to the DVDs . These are great shows even today , they just do n't make shows like this anymore ! I have to agree with some of the comments though , the Nick at Nite airings definitely had better quality prints than the DVD 's . I find them to very dark at times , but definitely viewable - if you like the show you certainly wo n't be disappointed . Just being nit - picky for some reason the few Arts Alliance America DVDs that I own -LRB- Banacek being another one -RRB- use rather abrupt fade ins and outs that seem rather quick , not the way I prefer them - I like smooth transitions . But , like I said that is just a preference - in no way does it interfere with my enjoyment of the content of the show . At least Donna Reed did not get into the hands of the butchers and slaughterers over at Paramount/CBS DVD - -LRB- not that it would have - it was Screen Gems and would have been released by Sony -RRB- but I like to stick it to them any chance I can for DESTROYING the best classic TV shows ... Anyway ... Looking forward to getting Season 2 !
 This set was long overdue , and it 's fabulous ! My compliments to Arts Alliance America for a whole season release at a very reasonable price . While mostly a family sitcom , with Donna Reed having so much influence on the show , many subjects not dared touched by others were sensitively portrayed . She was an Academy award winner who did a wonderful cross over to television .
 I , like millions of others , remember seeing `` The Donna Reed Show '' on Nick-At-Nite in the late 80s through the early 90s . I had never seen the show before Nick aired it and I fell in love with it and the Stone family and have anxiously awaited a release of the series to DVD . I was thrilled to find out that we 'd be getting a full season -LRB- 37 episodes ! -RRB- release this fall . After major disappointments this year with a lousy `` My Three Sons '' half-season set with altered music and a `` Father Knows Best '' release containing incomplete and inferior quality prints I did n't know what to expect of `` The Donna Reed Show . '' So , does the DVD release live up to my hopes ? I would have to say it falls a little short of my expectations . I 'll break it down below.THE QUALITY OF THE SHOWS : I have to be honest here -LRB- and Donna fans do n't get mad ! -RRB- the episodes do n't look as good on the DVDs as I remember them from Nick-At-Nite . I even got out a few VHS episodes I had taped off Nick to compare . I remember the shows on Nick as being cleaner and sharper . The prints on the DVDs seem a bit fuzzy to me.I do n't know the reason why these episodes are n't as crisp as Nick 's except that this DVD release has nothing to do with Columbia/Sony -LRB- which was originally Screen Gems back in the day -RRB- . Sony syndicated the show to Nick and , obviously , supplied the tapes they aired . This DVD has no mention of Sony/Columbia/Screen Gems , etc. so this leads me to believe they no longer have any hold on the series . I 'd be curious to know who has the master negatives to these shows and if they may still reside in some Sony film vault.This whole Screen Gems thing leads me to another complaint . I realize this next thing is very nit-picky but I miss the old Screen Gems ID at the very end of each episode . The shows on these DVDs end very abruptly after the Todon logo appears and the Screen Gems ID has been cut . Yes , I know this is minor but I still miss it.THE PACKAGING : This is another area of complaint for me . Okay , I know this is purely subjective but I found the graphic design on this set to be a little amateurish compared to many other classic TV series sets . Even Shout Factory 's `` Father Knows Best '' release with it 's crappy quality prints had slick , high quality , graphic design . I just wanted more for Donna Reed.WRAP-UP : Would I recommend this set for purchase ? Even with all my complaints -LRB- some admittedly nit-picky -RRB- I would definitely suggest this DVD set of `` The Donna Reed Show '' complete first season . You get all 37 uncut episodes -LRB- at least I think as they all run about 25 mins -RRB- for a very affordable price . Since this series may never be released on DVD again I would highly recommend getting it while you can .
 Here then is the classic TV Show Donna Reed Season One finally on DVD for all to enjoy . This is really a great old TV show that represents what all families should aspire to be like as the good Doctor Stone , played wonderfully by the late Carl Betz , and his wife Donna Stone , set up a family practice in the mythical town of Hilldale . The kids , Jeff and Mary , are played by the talented Paul Petersen and the always cute Shelly Fabares.The comedy here is somewhat mild but always entertaining as Donna in each show manages to dole out motherly advice to the children to keep them out of trouble , run the household expertly and be the perfect but strong wife for Alex.They definitely do n't make family shows like this anymore and its such a horrible shame as families today gathering together in front of the TV are bombarded with immorality and profanity . The world was a much better place when kids were watching good wholesome shows like Donna Reed .
 The Incredible First Season of `` The Donna Reed Show '' is HERE !!! So Call your Relatives and Call your Neighbors because this particular sitcom which is an ` Iconic Family Series ' is without a doubt , a much `` Treasured Gift '' for all!This truly masterful `` Donna Reed Show '' series is all about the trials and tribulations of The Stone Family . This family sitcom can appear at times like a continued documentary on a real life family . I say this , because the cast members seem to be so very comfortable with each other that they truly appear to be actually related to one another ! This is what drew the audiences to this Classic TV Sitcom in the first place , when it had first aired in the late 1950 's . And with it 's greatly selected Cast , plus this show 's Fantastic Story Lines in which Actress Donna Reed herself had much influence over , is indeed what actually propelled this series with its Loyal Audiences for Eight Wonderful Seasons , with a vast number of episodes , 275 to be exact !!! `` The Donna Reed Show '' which had originally aired on The ABC Television Network , had it 's first premiere episode airing on September 24 , 1958 at 9 PM on a Wednesday Night . And after the completion of this Family Sitcom 's First Season , this series did remain on the ABC Television Network for ` Seven ' more Successful Seasons !! The cast includes in the starring role , the forever gorgeous & charming Donna Reed ! And of course , this Academy Award Winning Actress was a ` Big Plus ' in attracting audiences to this show . As was her continuing ability to play in a very convincing manner , her role of the Donna Stone Character , who is a Very Capable , Successful Wife , and Mother of two . Seasoned Actress Donna Reed truly makes this Donna Stone Character her very own ! And as a direct result of this , her ` Maternal Role ' in this series shines very brightly indeed which had gained her many new ardent fans over the years of this show 's run!Carl Betz plays the character of Dr. Alex Stone , a very pleasant looking husband and ` Father Figure ' who is also a charmer . And in this series , he has a most distinguished career as a highly dedicated doctor in the field of Pediatrics . This Dr. Stone Character is portrayed excellently & quite convincingly by the very Accomplished Actor Carl Betz ! Also , I might add here as a side note , that when Actor Carl Betz 's is performing with his Fellow Cast Members on `` The Donna Reed Show , '' his precise timing and comical effectiveness , are always consistently Brilliant !!!! A trait of a truly Fine Actor!Shelley Fabares plays the role of the Character Mary Stone , a very fresh faced , quite attractive , and truly likable Teenage Girl , who is coming of age into her young womanhood with wonderful results ! The naturally Talented Actress Shelley Fabares is ` Great ' in this role , and gives a highly admirable ` Charismatic Performance ' in portraying her Mary Stone Character ! I would also like to say that throughout this `` Donna Reed Show '' series , -LRB- and really heating up during the Fourth Season -RRB- Mary Stone 's sarcastic remarks towards her brother Jeff , are truly hilarious because they seem so very real !!! Especially after Mary spews forth with her not so flattering remarks , and then these very disgusted and disdainful expressions take over her face , which are all aimed so mightily towards her brother Jeff !! It is Just Priceless !!! Actress Shelley Fabares has this Brother Sister Act down to a Complete Science!Paul Petersen plays the role of the very Effervescent Mr. Personality Plus , and just Down Right FRESH Jeff Stone Character , and is also the youngest family member of the household . This cute Jeff Stone Character adds a lot of spice and life to this show ! He is a very energetic & animated character that on occasion can appear somewhat bratty , but still lovable to the point of being very outrageous from time to time with his smart aleck remarks , that are actually Quite Funny !!! The very Talented Actor Paul Petersen gives the audience a first rate performance , and does an amazingly ` Superb Job ' in his portrayal of the Jeff Stone Character!Every episode of `` The Donna Reed Show '' is like watching a short Classic Movie since every episode is a Masterpiece in itself ! So if you 're expecting any comparisons of this show to match the Television Shows of Today , FORGET IT !!!!!!! `` The Donna Reed Show '' was done very professionally with a top grade quality that far outshines the poorly written , produced , and directed TV shows of this present day . Even the Camera Work is much more interesting to observe in this Very Classic Sitcom than it is on today 's TV sitcoms . When watching any episode from this Fantastic Family Series , you will know from the very first scene that you 're in good hands , which guarantees that the viewer will be taken on a mesmerized journey of pure joy and entertainment !!! This Wonderful First Season of `` The Donna Reed Show '' remains incredibly strong even today , with its Great Cast , and Well Written Story Episodes ! And it 's very lovely and talented star `` Donna Reed '' with her unique screen presence , adds sheer magic to this extremely Well Crafted TV Series!So do n't you dare miss out on any of these episodes from this very Iconic TV Show 's ` Fun Filled First Season ' which is a masterful and cleverly put together TV Series that is truly a Classic Sitcom!Note
 I bought The Donna Reed Show Season 1 for my sister 's Birthday ! She loves the DVDs !! The DVDs are packaged nicely -- 4 one sided DVDs with PLAY ALL or EPISODE SELECTION OPTION . The DVDs are complete and uncut and video/audio sound quality is wonderful !!! The show is very funny and wonderfully clean and innocent !! We want to see all of the episodes released on DVD !!!
 Who would have thought , one day , we 'd be able to watch TV shows we grew up with ? Anytime we felt like relaxing , sitting back , at our own leisure?Donna Reed , Season 1 , brought back many memories . I would have loved living in that era , especially if life was similar to the Stones . -LRB- Not getting stoned , like most of today 's programs . -RRB- Nice but modest home , happy , intelligent children , food on the table , and a mother who 'd listen and help resolve our problems.For those who enjoy watching Good-Old TV shows , I recommend Donna Reed , Season 1 . I ca n't wait until the complete series is available .
 Perfect 10 of a series . Anyone who wants good , wholesome programming should consider this cd . Donna Reed is the best .
 First season all in one package . Was expensive as I have come late to the table , but well worth it
 My mom got me hooked on this show years ago when it used to come on Nick at Night . It reminded her of the way things were when she was growing up . And now that my mom has passed away , this show is even more special to me . I own the first 2 seasons on DVD and hope to get the rest . Makes me think of my mom , and I love any show that promotes traditional family values !
 I love the Donna Reed Show , not just because it 's well done and quite entertaining , but it is refreshing to see a 1950s female character being portrayed as smart and assertive -- Donna Reed was no slouch !
 Loved both seasons of this show . Can not wait for my order of the third season to arrive.Why did people and life change so much ? This is a wonderful way for me to have a look at how my parents grew up . Donna Reed is so beautiful and the show has funny , loving , caring story lines.The only negative thing I can say is the phone at the beginning of each show . After watching the entire season in one sitting I hear the phonel in my sleep . LOL . . I really like the Amazon unbox feature . Too bad more shows are not available on it . Great show . Many lessons taught in a loving , humorous sensitive way .
 This is Americana in highlights . Donna Reed is superb as the All-American mom . Though I was born a year after the show debuted , I can imagine how she must have been loved by the men of that time . Every character has strong points , though I confess I 'm partial to Jeff 's wisecracks . This item was shipped and delivered promptly , and watched promptly , too , with satisfaction !
 I loved reliving the good old days with Donna Reed . I know life was n't really like this . But , nevertheless , she was ahead of her time .
 The Donna Reed Show is a clean , family , and entertaining classic . A mixture of drama , comedy and romance it is a sitcom to be loved and enjoyed .
 donna reed show was watched by my whole family . it bought back memories of days gone by-besides the father was very sexual for that time - enjoy
 This dvd brings back memories of my childhood . I was surprised to see `` Jeff Stone '' on the news last week . He is now a child advocate and was trying to get a protective order for the eight babies born to Ms Sulaman . The programs are all great and even though it was 50 years ago , a lot of the problems are currant . Families are going to love this dvd .
 I have always loved The Donna Reed Show and was thrilled when it finally came out on DVD . The show was so well made and the actors were great . Okay , some of the plotlines were a little dated or hokey , but Donna Reed is so likeable and charming that it does n't really matter . It 's a pure joy to watch and relive the era and the show . I hope they get the rest of the seasons out soon . With all the filth that is on TV these days , it 's nice to just pop in `` Donna Reed '' and go back to a time when things were a whole lot kinder and gentler .
 It is hard to believe the shows on this DVD set are 50 years old . The quality , both audio and visual are excellent . The stories are excellent . It is great this fine show has been finally released . Hope for season 2 soon .
 How wonderful is this show !! I never thought I would see the day that it would be released on dvd but here it is in pristine condition . Every episode is a joy to watch as well as being just plain fun . This is what TV was meant to be in my opinion . Just good clean family fun . And I hear they are going to release season 2 real soon . I ca n't wait to get my copy . I only hope they release the entire series . I highly recommend this set to anyone interested in classic TV .
 This was one of my very favorite shows . I 've been waiting for years to see it again . The DVDs are fabulous ! I ca n't wait for Season Two .
 This review is for the `` The Donna Reed Show
 This was one of the best series ... I bought Season 2 before I finished the first year.This was just the nicest family . Jeff made the show ... he was so darn adorable and I think when I watched it back when it was on in the 50 's I did n't really know how funny it was till now . Jeff 's part was perfect for him . I always loved him on the original `` Mickey Mouse Club '' . If you have never seen `` The Donna Reed Show '' you are missing out . I would give this an A + for sure .
 Great , once again I love the innocence of shows like this . I strive to be a decent person , like the characters on these shows . They do teach us .
 I loved watching this as a kid on Nick at Nite . I hope the rest of the series is released quickly .
 The Donna Reed show features pediatrician Alex , his wife Donna , and their two children , Mary and Jeff . It 's humorous and lighthearted , with such episodes as one where Donna tries to `` match '' a couple of friends . Jeff , the son , is even told it 's okay to get all Cs on his report card -LRB- although , of course , his mother would prefer he try for something higher -RRB- . While the show 's plots may sound quaint , this is a wonderful respite from the jaded sitcoms available today . I 'd never watched it until getting this DVD set , and now am hoping all the seasons will be released on DVD . It 's a gem of a program for the entire family .
 Just when you thought you ca n't watch good television anymore out pops the wonderful tv `` Donna Reed Show '' . My children and grandchildren -LRB- ages 2 thru 14 -RRB- love this show . It 's nice to see good traditional family values displayed in this show . We do n't have to worry about bad and vulgar language and immodest situations . Just good fun and ideals to strive after . Please release all the rest of the seasons ...
 I recently received the first season of The Donna Reed Show and am extremely pleased after watching about six episodes . These days , pre-ordering TV series on DVD can be quite an iffy proposition what with big corporations such as Paramount mutilating television shows such as The Fugitive and My Three Sons by re-scoring them and then milking their customers by charging full price for half seasons . No such problems as those with this first season set of Donna Reed because as far as I can tell , the music appears to be intact.The picture quality is very very good despite some compression . There are some artifacts in the opening of the first episode and over the end credits that do n't amount to anything much to worry about . The music appears to be entirely intact as well so that 's a major plus . Plus part of the proceeds go to the Donna Reed Foundation for the Performing Arts so besides being able to enjoy a great classic series intact and at a more than reasonable price , you can feel good about having bought it as well.Really , one has to wonder why some companies can manage to get it so right and the big companies like Paramount get it so wrong as they continually price gouge and take consumers for granted . I eagerly await the release of Season Two of The Donna Reed Show .
 I finally found this great series on DVD and could NOT pass it up ! It was in a different and slower era when `` families actually spent time together '' and the kids cared for someone other than themselves . I really enjoy the holsum `` family '' setting almost non-existant in households of today . The Donna Reed Show and The Rifleman were my favorite shows growing up . They do n't seem to have shows like that anymore ; where they had integrity and a good moral to each episode !!
 I was an avid watcher back in the '80s when Nick at Nite ran this classic show . Nice & wholesome & with good values & something to enjoy over & over again over these discs . I have no doubt season one will do swell in marketing sales . Hopefully seaon 2 wo n't be far behind , & so on.I bought several homemade episodes from a site online awhile back which were quite decent in quality , but it 'll still be great to buy the crisp , official DVDs as well when they hit retail stores .
 I grew up watching this show ... and the show makes me remember when shows were wholesome and full of family values ... Donna reed and the entire cast is perfect . . and i watch the shows on a 42 inch plasma screen and it looks great ... Most shows leave me with a slight lump in my throat ... thanks to Mrs reed 's family they have managed to release these gems ... dont hesitate to acquire them
 The Donna Reed Show was my favorite show as a kid . Being close to the age of Paul Petersen , Jeff Stone , I felt a kindred spirit . Now , after many years , I am once again in love with the show that made me feel normal and in the coming years of chaos , it was my stability . Although both my parents worked , my mother was much like Donna Stone , to me . Watching the first episodes today , I was amazed at how timely it was and really an eye-opener into the past . Great series to fall in love with .
 I am so excited that I ca n't stop shaking !! Literally.Growing up one of my most Favorite , Favorite , Favorite shows to watch was ... The Donna Reed Show!I just adore Donna Reed and so I was so very sad when they stopped playing the show ! I was even one of those fans who petitioned on the Nick at Nite site to bring it back.About an hour ago I decided to search Donna Reed on YouTube to see what I would find!Well , to my surprise at the end of one of the clips was a screen that said
 I 'd forgotten what an entertaining program the Donna Reed show was . This first season 's episodes were all very enjoyable . The acting is professional , the kids are funny and yet believable at the same time . I look forward to purchasing more seasons .
 -LRB- 4 -RRB- one-sided DVDs with 10 episodes on eachHas `` play-all `` Fun to watch
 I am so glad that old televisions shows are coming out again on DVD 's . TV Land used to show old shows , but they are ruining their channel now with reality shows that no one really wants to watch . It 's wonderful that Amazon has these old shows people crave to see again . It 's so fun to have the DVD 's finally .
 Others have already described how entertaining The Donna Reed Show is and how enjoyable the four principal cast members are , and I could n't agree more.Here 's hoping that they issue the remaining seasons in short order !!
 Watching this show again is like visiting old friends . It is good to have the option of watching this on dvd as quality entertainment on tv has dwindled . 37 episodes with the original music . No rip offs on this one . Well worth the money . I am looking forward to the release of the following seasons .
 I have been waiting for this series to come out forever ! I video taped a lot of them years ago when they were on `` Nick At Night '' , but to be able to have complete shows with no commercial interruption is great . Donna was my favorite of all my childhood role models ... June Cleaver , Margaret Anderson & Harriet Nelson . At least from my memory , these shows seem to be complete & they do contain scenes that were cut from Nick At Night episodes . If you want a pleasurable escape for some winter evenings I recommend this set of Cd 's & I look forward to the next season relelase !
 i am like the others this is a great clean show i have waited so long for this to come on dvd . please hurry with the other series thanks !!!!!!!!
 This is a great gift for someone who recalls the old sitcoms . It was delivered as promised in new condition .
 This is a great , wholesome family show . I ca n't wait for season 2 to be released .
 One of my fondest memories of childhood memories includes ` The Donna Reed Show '' , sitting in my pajamas watching Donna , Alex , Mary & Jeff was the highlight of my week.For most of us who grew up in the 50 's -60 's , we can recall life really being like the life of the Stone family . Our furniture , clothes , hairstyles , all of it was so familiar , that is why I think I loved ` The Donna Reed Show ' ! Imagine my thrill , when I saw it coming out on DVD !! This is one of the best purchases I have made in months - I have so enjoyed watching this wonderful show again . The episodes are funny and touching , but without being corny ... okay ... maybe kids today will think the show is a bit corny , but our generation certainly wo n't as that was our life!The quality of the DVD 's is perfect and at least we get the entire season in one set , not like other TV shows that are split up with `` season one-volume 1 '' ... nothing like that with Donna , you get all 37 episodes in the one set ! It was great not to have to wait months for the second half to come out-If you are a fan of classic TV , this set is a must ... you wo n't be sorry !
 Briungs back memories of when life was simplier . Funny , a great show and good quality
 It took a long time before they finally started to release the Donna Reed Show series , but it was well worth the wait ! Includes all of the original music , and most episodes are crystal clear reproductions . The few that are n't are still very good considering the age of the series . If you enjoyed runs of the Donna Reed Show on Nickelodeon , you will love having them to watch whenever you like .
 Great to see this show released . Always a favorite in our household when I was a youngster . My only criticism is , for the price there are virtually NO extras , aside for one network promo and some still photos .
 Here is another classic comedy that I always loved The Donna Reed Show well it is now out on dvd for the first time so go and grab your copy of the Donna Reed Show the complete First Season.Rondall Banks
 `` Jeff , Mary , clean your rooms ! '' How I miss Donna Reed 's pearls and hi-heels while vacuuming her spotless house , dinner in the dining room promptly at 6:00 sharp -LRB- meat loaf , 2 veg , salad , and of course , MILK -RRB- . Would that the most serious problems we have to face is Mary not having a date for the homecoming dance , or Jeff 's acne outbreak on picture day . Dr. Stone , where are you now ?
 In this sequel to Final Descent , Robert Urich reprises his role as `` Lucky '' Singer in this '99 catastrophe film FINAL RUN set aboard a luxury train called the `` Grand Royale '' where his family is enjoying a ` getaway ' vacation . The train is on it 's maiden voyage when the controller accidentally spills a drink into the circuitry of the new on board Super Computer , which promises to send everyone on board for the ride of their lives!Many smaller sub-plots abound and add to the excitement of this film with ` lots ' of twists and turns . Robert Urich and John De Lancie deliver the goods in this edge of your seat thriller - right up to the very end!Highly recommended.Although this instant video of FINAL RUN is not in HD , the picture quality is very good . Closed Captioning is not included .
 This movie was as good as Final Descent.The scenery was great to say nothing of the orchestrated action . It keeps you on the edge of your seat . Great Job !! It was so amazing to view such quality and be able to enjoy a movie without the use of profanity .
 This movie was sooooooooooooooo great . The only reason i was mad was because ashley did not kiss anyone . Mary-kates romance was awsome they were so cute together !!!!!! I love the twins i think that they make good movies for teens to watch cuz there not all about sex or drugs . I just hope that they keep on making movies !!!!
 Another great movie by the olsen twins . i think the older they get the better the movies get . It is so good . Mary-Kate and Ashley play 2 girls that go on a trip to rome and get their first jobs . Everything goes wrong . you will have to see what happens next . The DVD has loads of extras . Including behind the scenes . some people say that mary-kate and ashley are talentless but they are wrong . Mary-kate and ashley are great actresses , their acting skills are getting better and better . This film is a must have for all mary-kate and ashley fans .
 The plot in this movie is very silly , but nevertheless entertaining . Their clothes are adorable , the boys are adorable , it is somewhat educational , and very appropriate for any age . Mary-Kate & Ashley deserve much credit for keeping their story lines appropriate , but not totally juvenile . The movie is really cute and makes you want to go to Rome ! Paolo is especially entertaining with his ... interesting ... english accent that is very haha so and there are some silly momentos . I definatly recommend this movie for anyone like 7-15 so please buy it ! You will not be dissapointed ! : -RRB-
 This is another one of those perfect mary-kate and ashley movies . It was a bit boring this time but it helps pass a rainy sunday . I would say it 's a great movie for MK&A fans but otherwise , do n't watch it .
 I 've definately seen better movies than this one . I mean , the whole plot was , well , totally exciting ! I would love to go to Rome , and I think the Olson twins are truly talented ! I liked the movie a lot , but like I said , I 've seen better movies , such as The Lord Of the Rings
 My daughters -LRB- 4 and 7 -RRB- loved this movie . I could not sit through it . The whole premise of the movie is so unrealistic that I could n't get past the idea that two interns from America are invited to stay the weekend at the company 's President 's house and it just gets worse from there . Luckily , the Olsen twins are n't singing in this one !
 I really enjoyed it . I went out and bought it without even renting it first . But I liked it alot better then getting there . Marykate and Ashley Olsen are really great actors of course . Thats why I recommend this Dvd for anyone to watch .
 Ok I have no idea what that last review was but yeah . Well their last movie `` getting there '' was bad . I could n't stand that toast guy and all the `` waho-ing '' . This one was better because they did n't have bratty friends riding around with them . I do n't know what 's up with the names though . Charli ? That was a name in the last movie . Why do the Olsen Twins like that name so much ? IT 'S A BOYS NAME ! I think their movies have been great except `` getting there '' and this was a good movie .
 This is a really funky film !!!!! Not only is the setting in lovely rome but the girls look absolutely stunning -LRB- as usual -RRB- !!! The movie is about Charli and Leila , two girls working in some global fashion company , Its about how they go to rome for job experience or something to try and impress there boss , and of cause they go shopping at meet totally cute guys !!!!! I thought this was a wicked girlie film , totally for olsen fans !!!!
 I love mary-kate and ashley ... they are the best actresses is the world . iahave everysingle book ... to poster ... to vhs ... to dvd ... to game ... eveything ... i love them and i ca n't wait to get this movie ... and i am also looking for ward to Charlie 's Angles 2 ... cause they are in it ... is that cool are what ... great job Mary-kate and ashley .
 `` When In Rome '' continues the Olsen twins world tour of movies , this time taking the girls to Rome for a summer fashion internship.THE STORY : It 's summer and Charlie and Leila Hunter -LRB- Mary-Kate and Ashley -RRB- earn a summer internship at an International Fashion company in Rome . Once in Rome the girls embark on a rollercoaster ride of adventure as they struggle to keep their jobs , battle off rival interns , thwart a hostile corporate takeover plot and of course engage in Romance with some cute boys.THE ANALYSIS : All in all , `` When In Rome '' includes all the action , adventure and romance you 've come to expect from an Olsen Twins film . It 's pure clean fun for the whole family.THE DVD SPECIAL FEATURES : Like most Olsen DVDs you 've got a stuffed DVD features section , but unfortunately most of it is fluff . Included in the DVD special features are :1 . Behind the Scenes mini-feature
 I live in Republic of Korea.so my english grammar has so many problems / / ; please understand it.Well , I have many Mary kate Ashley 's Video.It is helpful when I studied English listeningbut this is same style of Mk Ash . -LRB- ex ; holiday in the sun , winning london -RRB- I want to MK & Ash are act different style movies!but I think it is helpful to Asian for study listening.especially I offer this video to Korean.I 'd rather buy passport to paris.It is funny then When in Rome .
 I bought this movie , because my friend was in Rome filming it , and I wanted to see him in it , but also because I am 75 % Italian , and I have been all over Italy and go almost once a year . Beautiful shots of Rome really take you into the Italian feeling . Mary-Kate and Ashley are cute in all there movies , but especially this one . I was waiting forever for them to go to Rome ! The actor who played Paulo I am extremely impressed with , because he spoke wonderful English , and reminded me of my Cousin who lives in Rome . The other girls , sadly enough , I could not understand one word of their English -LRB- okay , so I exagerate a little -RRB- but , in the end , it was a cute movie , so if you get around to it watch it !
 This movie was a good movie overall but a few parts disapointed me . It all starts when Leila and Charli have got internships at a entertainment and fashion company they get fired after two days and are dissapointed they then stay at the companys presidents manision and roam around the village -LRB- which he happens to own -RRB- they get their jobs back start at work again . Some things dissapointed me for starters :1 . the acents were horrible epecially the german and italian girls they sounded very fake and unreal I also could hardly understand the italian girls acent and I know they do n't sound like that because I know lots of italian people 2 . Also I felt they over reacted about the boy Ryan not working and being lazy I mean have they ever heard of people actually relaxing in their summer break 3 . Why on earth were they sent of to the president of the company 's house I mean he said he needed time to work on Mr Tortony but if he owns the company ca n't he just fire and hire who he wants 4 . What kind of accent did that Derick Hammond have ? 5 . There is a scene where Leila -LRB- or Charli who can tell the difference -RRB- is thinking about Paolo like she is in love with him and she had already just said he was too laid back and was insulting him also she only knew him for a day or two 6 . Why on earth did Charli throw herself at Ryan and then in the end practiclly told him to get lost . It may all seem harsh but thats just my opinion any but I really enjoyed all the beautiful shots of Rome and I must say the girls clothes are getting better and better . Overall it was a good movie but slightly dissapointing .
 I 'm not really sure what I expected when I bought this movie . I thought it was going to be another typically foreign Olsen movie , go away , meet some boys , fall in love , but I did n't expect it to be so good.We got to see the Olsen twins as two teenage girls not just concentrating on boys and their love-lifes but their internships.I loved the chemistry Mary-Kate and Ashley had on screen and the storyline was not as sketchy as previous films ! I have to say the best Olsen movie so far !!!! Brilliant !
 I do n't know why other people thought this movie was bad ! Do n't listen to them ! Me and all my friends watched it and loved it . Everyone who has seen it that I know loved it!It 's a good douse of hip mary-kate and ashley fun and who ca n't love it when the two best actors in the world are actting to their full potential . Clearly the best movie I have ever seen !
 I saw this movie on T.V. one day and thought it was pretty good . It 's fun and romantic like always . Cute Olsen twins fall in love again , only this time in Rome . Great footage of Rome itself . Great movie for sleepovers or group watching .
 French auteur Jean Rollin contributed one of the best Zombie films ever made with ` THE LIVING DEAD GIRL ' . Using his touches of surrealistic horror and eroticism , the film emerges as a tragic love story between two women , one living and one living dead . Francoise Blanchard is magnificent as the woman who comes back with a penchant for human flesh and blood and Marina Pierro her best friend trying to keep her satisfied by supplying her with living beings . Rollin wraps the surroundings with incredible images and when the shocks arrive , they almost become poetic . Along side his two vampire films ` REQUIEM FOR A VAMPIRE ' and ` LIPS OF BLOOD ' , this just may be his masterpiece and one of the most original Zombie variations up to that time . The quality and color are above average . Highly Recommended .
 HORROR in France is as old as well OLD!Jean Rollin you either Hate him or Love him.I love him ! He may have a cheap budget , butwhen you find a great Rollie film it shines!Are Jeans films cheap ? Yes they are!Are Jeans films slow ? UGH ! HUH!Are Jeans films full of naked womanand GORE ! You bet your boots they are!The Living Dead Girl is about two moronswho spill chemical waste on a coffin containinga dead girl . She rises from the tomb and sticksher long fingernails in eye sockets -LRB- yes I love it -RRB- She than is taken to a home of a woman her agethat tries to take care of her and feed her bloodfrom dead/living animals . But she needs blood fromhumans ! The plot is far from good , but you haveplenty of blood spray in this . This is my 2ndfav . Rollin film after the Grapes of Death -LRB- I dida review for Grapes of Death and like my reviewfor 1986 Night of the Creeps Amazon did not post ? -RRB- So if you like to dip your beak in uncharted blood.Try HORROR from Paris ! I really enjoy Grapes andLiving Dead Girl!Happy Hallow 's Eve !
 A wonderful introduction to the films of Jean Rollin , The Living Dead Girl manages to be gory , sweet and sad all at once . Despite its low budget the film has an elegant gloss and the two leads are wonderful , their death pact revealed through flashbacks as the story progresses . Highly recommended . Marina Pierro , where are you ?
 This review is an extension of the one I wrote for the Image Entertainment release . Redemption has released the definitive version of Jean Rollin 's masterpiece with previously censored scenes restored and intact and a beautiful wide screen transfer making this the definitive version of this incredible celluloid experience . Everyone is talking about the new AMC series ` THE WALKING DEAD ' and how the human element is handled when loved ones become voracious flesh eaters and here we have Rollin way ahead of his time in that department . The performance by Francoise Blanchard as the living dead heiress is a sight to behold blending tragedy , extreme violence and eroticism in her relationship with her friend , the beautiful Marina Pierro who supplies her with human nourishment and shelters her from the outside world . The DVD release also contains a short early film by Rollin ` LES PAYS LION ' and a new interview with the master of surrealistic Horror . Every Horror enthusiast owes it to themselves to click the add to cart button and experience this chillingly , beautiful film .
 I am a fan of 60 's , 70 's and 80 's zombie / living dead movies ... not everyone will understand Jean Rollin , but this is a must for the true horror fans . The story is typical of zombie films , a chemical spill causes a beautiful girl turn into the living dead girl ... a movie about childhood friendship and eternal love .
 God forbid ... the utilization of nudity as an artistic mechanism -- and by a pornographer , no less ! An odd , happy little find from the antique horror section , this film manages to take a serious approach at what may be prematurely deemed a lesbian zombie exploitation flick.Our story is about a young woman -LRB- Catherine -RRB- who rises from the dead after an earthquake causes a small toxic waste spill . Completely undecayed and looking quite lovely , she stabs two guys in the eyes and throat with her apparently deadly fingernails in some ultra-campy gored up scenes that should please with broad smiling Oh Gods . She then finds her way to a castle in which she once lived . Now this may feel like the beginning of some classic , trashy , Euro-horror smut with excessive gore , but this film actually offers us a lot more than that and should n't be prematurely judged.She sheds a few tears -- as zombies do , if indeed that 's how we 're to classify her -- as the house stirs up some memories of her childhood and best friend -LRB- Helene -RRB- . She kills a few others , again with brusquely executed fingernail throat stabbings , then does some blood-feeding -- not really sure if I 'm supposed to say the word `` vampire '' here . Now comfortable in her home , Catherine strips to nothing as if reborn into her new form . I 'm not gon na ' lie . There is a lot of full frontal nudity in these scenes and , again , I 'd remind you not to judge just yet.Catherine 's beloved friend Helene arrives and knows that her best friend has been dead for a good while by now . But her reaction is not disbelief or panic . No , no , no . It 's are you okay ? as she stands before her mute , naked , blood-soaked , clearly murderous , long dead friend like everything is normal . There is a serious suspension of reality now as Helene lays undead Catherine down to rest as she relocates the victems ' naked corpses to the cellar vault . Then , as if routine , she invites Catherine to bloodfeed on her wrist very much like a scene out of True Blood.So you may have noticed a bit of a theme with the nudity here . However surprising , this is all done with a straight face as if the goal was to make a serious , even poetic horror film . As it turns out , after these first few scenes there is no more nudity in this film and the nudity that passed , in fact , served a tactful purpose in setting a heavy , dark , romantic tone.Like a boudoir version of Regarding Henry or The Vow , Helene rehabilitates Catherine , teaches her to speak and tries to remind her of their love . And , like those movies , Catherine is overwhelmed and meets hysteria at times . Without a flicker of consideration , conscience or reason , Helene starts luring attractive women to the castle for Helene to feed . Why young attractive women ? Duh ! They 're delicious!As Catherine becomes more self-aware , she feels conflicted about her `` evil '' existence in which she must drain others of life to survive . Once she finds her humanity she does n't wish to continue . Meanwhile Helene , trying to preserve her friendship by any desperate means necessary , becomes more monstrous as she tries to force victems on Catherine , letting their blood before her as if to inspire her beast within , and killing any who may threaten the livelihood of her love -- now more Helene 's obsession.Directed and written by Jean Rollin , whose work includes The Nude Vampire -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , Lips of Blood -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , The Grapes of Death -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , Zombie Lake -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , Two Orphan Vampires -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , La Fiancee de Dracula -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and a lot of porn , this film represents a pornographer 's foray into expressive film using , of all things , horror as a delivery mechanism . I 'd say it was a success and should be included in any true horror fans ' resume . The somewhat poetic ending is neither predictable nor original , but it serves the story perfectly .
 this is one of my favourite zombies movies of all time . its definitely a `` b-movie '' so dont expect anything more and you wont be disappointed
 Marina Pierro is a beautiful dead blonde , with a slight craving for human flesh and blood ! . A good foreign horror film made in France . And very nice looking French actresses.Blood sister 's unite until the very end , making this ending sad . The good news is Marina Pierro character is alive and well . Viv la France !!!
 LIVING DEAD GIRL leaves behind all of the signature trademarks director Jean Rollin has become known for . Besides the bright daytime settings common to many of his films , Rollin injects several surreal dreamlike qualities to his imagery and characters . He also mixes sex and violence in even measures , but while there is plenty of gore , it is offset by the beauty and innocence of the undead Catherine . Catherine is an extremely sad and tragic character that often reflects Shakespeare 's Ophelia through visual references and tone . She is by no means the typical cinematic zombie popularized by Romero or Fulci , nor is she in any way a reincarnation of the familiar Gothic vampires from the Universal or Hammer productions . She is quite plainly a girl brought back from the dead by no will of her own that only wishes to return to her grave after realizing that she must drink blood to survive . She has no purpose or meaning after being brought back , and she is forced to give into to her baser instincts . Catherine is assisted by her childhood friend , who seduces young women back to their secluded mansion in an attempt to save her deathly companion . This also drives the lesbian subtext common to many other Rollin films . Much of the dialog reads like poetry , with beautiful exchanges about life and death that make up for the lack of realism in rich romantic fantasy . Blanchard handles the role very well , with a dull , lifeless , and penetrating stare and angelic white robes that give her an ethereal appearance . LIVING DEAD GIRL is not your average undead Horror film by any means whatsoever , and while the slower pace and strange characters are sure to turn off many fans , it is these same unique elements that others will enjoy most.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 That 's it . Chemical spill , dead girl comes back to life , eats body parts , drinks blood . Lots of nudity and gore . Not much else . DVD includes trailer , director filmography and image gallery .
 This is the first French horror movie I have seen and I must say . . wow . Director Jean Rollin really captures you with this film It begins with some guys going down a shaft to drop off some chemical waste -LRB- ilegally -RRB- when we see 2 coffins . Well these are mother and daughter , these guys then proceed to rob the corpses of their jewelry . All at once this poor shcmuk gets his eyes gouged out while the other one nearly **** his pants . Katherine -LRB- living dead girl -RRB- is supposed to have been dead 2 yrsshe looked quite beautiful to be dead that long . She then wanders around , thru this field where this busybody photographer starts snapping pix of her . -LRB- Wait till you see what happens to her ! -RRB- Katherine 's childhood friend Helene discovers her to be alive what happens next in the movie is bloodcurdling definitely a must see for all us horror fans topnotch enjoy ! oh yeah The movie is French speaking but with English subtitles
 The strange , surreal films of Jean Rollin are unique and addictive , and The Living Dead Girl is my favorite of the bunch . A chemical spill brings a recently deceased girl back to life as a vampire . She stumbles back to her childhood home , slaughtering and drinking the blood of any and all unfortunate enough to cross her path . Once home , her mind and memories slowly returning , she makes contact with a beloved childhood friend . So close and intense is this friendship that her friend willing entraps and tortures victims to keep the reluctant vampire well fed and healthy . The blood drinker suffers from such anguish that the viewer is sooned asking just who is the real monster in this sad and ultimately tragic tale . Highly recommended .
 Yet another well-done , beautiful-looking Jean Rollin film . Some workers storing chemical waste in a crypt decide to moonlight as grave-robbers and open a coffin containing an astonishingly well-preserved young woman . But oops , there 's this earthquake , y ` see , and chemicals spill and o ' course this brings the girl back to life and she starts killing -LRB- sharp fingernails ! -RRB- . Then she wanders off to a large chateau , of which her undead brain contains vague memories . There she meets her best friend , who 's so glad to see her back among the living -LRB- sort of -RRB- that she decides to help her get the blood she craves by luring in victims . This leads to some pretty heavy gore - more graphic than what you usually see from Rollin - and o ' course there 's plenty of nudity , all of it beautifully , poetically filmed . Pretty extreme in all counts , and has that dreamlike suspension-of-logic that 'll make you not worry about details -LRB- like why did n't the girl decay at all ? and is there anything worse than the accordian-rock of The Fireflies ? -RRB- . Another good ` un from Rollin .
 THE LIVING DEAD GIRL is easily my favorite of the 7 Jean Rollin DVD 's released thus far by IMAGE on DVD and it 's the only one in my permanent collection . If you like your euro-horror a little sexier , a lot GORIER , and even quite humorous , you can not go wrong here . From the opening scene with the graverobbers being disfigured by toxic vapors -LRB- hilariously fake -RRB- to later ultra-gory scenes as our tragic zombie-female-vamp dispatches one victim after another with her long sharp fingernails or devours their necks in extra-long munching scenes , this one DELIVERS the goods ! It has a very euro-horror feel to it and is not as esoteric and heady as some of the other Rollin films . Although french , it easily would appeal to fans of italian horror as well ... so if you 're not a big Rollin fan , you may want to give this one a chance anyway . The DVD looks great and includes a trailer with ALL the highlights of the film in it -LRB- so watch the movie first -RRB- . Check it out !
 God forbid ... the utilization of nudity as an artistic mechanism -- and by a pornographer , no less ! An odd , happy little find from the antique horror section , this film manages to take a serious approach at what may be prematurely deemed a lesbian zombie exploitation flick.Our story is about a young woman -LRB- Catherine -RRB- who rises from the dead after an earthquake causes a small toxic waste spill . Completely undecayed and looking quite lovely , she stabs two guys in the eyes and throat with her apparently deadly fingernails in some ultra-campy gored up scenes that should please with broad smiling Oh Gods . She then finds her way to a castle in which she once lived . Now this may feel like the beginning of some classic , trashy , Euro-horror smut with excessive gore , but this film actually offers us a lot more than that and should n't be prematurely judged.She sheds a few tears -- as zombies do , if indeed that 's how we 're to classify her -- as the house stirs up some memories of her childhood and best friend -LRB- Helene -RRB- . She kills a few others , again with brusquely executed fingernail throat stabbings , then does some blood-feeding -- not really sure if I 'm supposed to say the word `` vampire '' here . Now comfortable in her home , Catherine strips to nothing as if reborn into her new form . I 'm not gon na ' lie . There is a lot of full frontal nudity in these scenes and , again , I 'd remind you not to judge just yet.Catherine 's beloved friend Helene arrives and knows that her best friend has been dead for a good while by now . But her reaction is not disbelief or panic . No , no , no . It 's are you okay ? as she stands before her mute , naked , blood-soaked , clearly murderous , long dead friend like everything is normal . There is a serious suspension of reality now as Helene lays undead Catherine down to rest as she relocates the victems ' naked corpses to the cellar vault . Then , as if routine , she invites Catherine to bloodfeed on her wrist very much like a scene out of True Blood.So you may have noticed a bit of a theme with the nudity here . However surprising , this is all done with a straight face as if the goal was to make a serious , even poetic horror film . As it turns out , after these first few scenes there is no more nudity in this film and the nudity that passed , in fact , served a tactful purpose in setting a heavy , dark , romantic tone.Like a boudoir version of Regarding Henry or The Vow , Helene rehabilitates Catherine , teaches her to speak and tries to remind her of their love . And , like those movies , Catherine is overwhelmed and meets hysteria at times . Without a flicker of consideration , conscience or reason , Helene starts luring attractive women to the castle for Helene to feed . Why young attractive women ? Duh ! They 're delicious!As Catherine becomes more self-aware , she feels conflicted about her `` evil '' existence in which she must drain others of life to survive . Once she finds her humanity she does n't wish to continue . Meanwhile Helene , trying to preserve her friendship by any desperate means necessary , becomes more monstrous as she tries to force victems on Catherine , letting their blood before her as if to inspire her beast within , and killing any who may threaten the livelihood of her love -- now more Helene 's obsession.Directed and written by Jean Rollin , whose work includes The Nude Vampire -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , Lips of Blood -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , The Grapes of Death -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , Zombie Lake -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , Two Orphan Vampires -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , La Fiancee de Dracula -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and a lot of porn , this film represents a pornographer 's foray into expressive film using , of all things , horror as a delivery mechanism . I 'd say it was a success and should be included in any true horror fans ' resume . The somewhat poetic ending is neither predictable nor original , but it serves the story perfectly .
 I can honestly say that this is one of the most ... er ... unusual films I have ever seen ! When a chemical spill inadvertently resurrects a young woman who died two years before , she does not appear to be very happy to have been brought back as a `` living dead girl '' . I suppose this would account for her disturbingly anti-social behavior -LRB- i.e. gouging out people 's eyes , eating people , drinking their blood , et cetera -RRB- ... P > This is a thoroughly enjoyable film , although I would strongly advise watching it on either an empty stomach or a full stomach . Unless you own stock in a barf bag company , I really do not think that you would enjoy washing down your Coke and Pizza with images of blood and guts emanating from your television screen.Anyway , this is an A + + + + + film ! Enjoy , everybody !
 God forbid ... the utilization of nudity as an artistic mechanism -- and by a pornographer , no less ! An odd , happy little find from the antique horror section , this film manages to take a serious approach at what may be prematurely deemed a lesbian zombie exploitation flick.Our story is about a young woman -LRB- Catherine -RRB- who rises from the dead after an earthquake causes a small toxic waste spill . Completely undecayed and looking quite lovely , she stabs two guys in the eyes and throat with her apparently deadly fingernails in some ultra-campy gored up scenes that should please with broad smiling Oh Gods . She then finds her way to a castle in which she once lived . Now this may feel like the beginning of some classic , trashy , Euro-horror smut with excessive gore , but this film actually offers us a lot more than that and should n't be prematurely judged.She sheds a few tears -- as zombies do , if indeed that 's how we 're to classify her -- as the house stirs up some memories of her childhood and best friend -LRB- Helene -RRB- . She kills a few others , again with brusquely executed fingernail throat stabbings , then does some blood-feeding -- not really sure if I 'm supposed to say the word `` vampire '' here . Now comfortable in her home , Catherine strips to nothing as if reborn into her new form . I 'm not gon na ' lie . There is a lot of full frontal nudity in these scenes and , again , I 'd remind you not to judge just yet.Catherine 's beloved friend Helene arrives and knows that her best friend has been dead for a good while by now . But her reaction is not disbelief or panic . No , no , no . It 's are you okay ? as she stands before her mute , naked , blood-soaked , clearly murderous , long dead friend like everything is normal . There is a serious suspension of reality now as Helene lays undead Catherine down to rest as she relocates the victems ' naked corpses to the cellar vault . Then , as if routine , she invites Catherine to bloodfeed on her wrist very much like a scene out of True Blood.So you may have noticed a bit of a theme with the nudity here . However surprising , this is all done with a straight face as if the goal was to make a serious , even poetic horror film . As it turns out , after these first few scenes there is no more nudity in this film and the nudity that passed , in fact , served a tactful purpose in setting a heavy , dark , romantic tone.Like a boudoir version of Regarding Henry or The Vow , Helene rehabilitates Catherine , teaches her to speak and tries to remind her of their love . And , like those movies , Catherine is overwhelmed and meets hysteria at times . Without a flicker of consideration , conscience or reason , Helene starts luring attractive women to the castle for Helene to feed . Why young attractive women ? Duh ! They 're delicious!As Catherine becomes more self-aware , she feels conflicted about her `` evil '' existence in which she must drain others of life to survive . Once she finds her humanity she does n't wish to continue . Meanwhile Helene , trying to preserve her friendship by any desperate means necessary , becomes more monstrous as she tries to force victems on Catherine , letting their blood before her as if to inspire her beast within , and killing any who may threaten the livelihood of her love -- now more Helene 's obsession.Directed and written by Jean Rollin , whose work includes The Nude Vampire -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , Lips of Blood -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , The Grapes of Death -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , Zombie Lake -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , Two Orphan Vampires -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , La Fiancee de Dracula -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and a lot of porn , this film represents a pornographer 's foray into expressive film using , of all things , horror as a delivery mechanism . I 'd say it was a success and should be included in any true horror fans ' resume . The somewhat poetic ending is neither predictable nor original , but it serves the story perfectly .
 God forbid ... the utilization of nudity as an artistic mechanism -- and by a pornographer , no less ! An odd , happy little find from the antique horror section , this film manages to take a serious approach at what may be prematurely deemed a lesbian zombie exploitation flick.Our story is about a young woman -LRB- Catherine -RRB- who rises from the dead after an earthquake causes a small toxic waste spill . Completely undecayed and looking quite lovely , she stabs two guys in the eyes and throat with her apparently deadly fingernails in some ultra-campy gored up scenes that should please with broad smiling Oh Gods . She then finds her way to a castle in which she once lived . Now this may feel like the beginning of some classic , trashy , Euro-horror smut with excessive gore , but this film actually offers us a lot more than that and should n't be prematurely judged.She sheds a few tears -- as zombies do , if indeed that 's how we 're to classify her -- as the house stirs up some memories of her childhood and best friend -LRB- Helene -RRB- . She kills a few others , again with brusquely executed fingernail throat stabbings , then does some blood-feeding -- not really sure if I 'm supposed to say the word `` vampire '' here . Now comfortable in her home , Catherine strips to nothing as if reborn into her new form . I 'm not gon na ' lie . There is a lot of full frontal nudity in these scenes and , again , I 'd remind you not to judge just yet.Catherine 's beloved friend Helene arrives and knows that her best friend has been dead for a good while by now . But her reaction is not disbelief or panic . No , no , no . It 's are you okay ? as she stands before her mute , naked , blood-soaked , clearly murderous , long dead friend like everything is normal . There is a serious suspension of reality now as Helene lays undead Catherine down to rest as she relocates the victems ' naked corpses to the cellar vault . Then , as if routine , she invites Catherine to bloodfeed on her wrist very much like a scene out of True Blood.So you may have noticed a bit of a theme with the nudity here . However surprising , this is all done with a straight face as if the goal was to make a serious , even poetic horror film . As it turns out , after these first few scenes there is no more nudity in this film and the nudity that passed , in fact , served a tactful purpose in setting a heavy , dark , romantic tone.Like a boudoir version of Regarding Henry or The Vow , Helene rehabilitates Catherine , teaches her to speak and tries to remind her of their love . And , like those movies , Catherine is overwhelmed and meets hysteria at times . Without a flicker of consideration , conscience or reason , Helene starts luring attractive women to the castle for Helene to feed . Why young attractive women ? Duh ! They 're delicious!As Catherine becomes more self-aware , she feels conflicted about her `` evil '' existence in which she must drain others of life to survive . Once she finds her humanity she does n't wish to continue . Meanwhile Helene , trying to preserve her friendship by any desperate means necessary , becomes more monstrous as she tries to force victems on Catherine , letting their blood before her as if to inspire her beast within , and killing any who may threaten the livelihood of her love -- now more Helene 's obsession.Directed and written by Jean Rollin , whose work includes The Nude Vampire -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , Lips of Blood -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , The Grapes of Death -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , Zombie Lake -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , Two Orphan Vampires -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , La Fiancee de Dracula -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and a lot of porn , this film represents a pornographer 's foray into expressive film using , of all things , horror as a delivery mechanism . I 'd say it was a success and should be included in any true horror fans ' resume . The somewhat poetic ending is neither predictable nor original , but it serves the story perfectly .
 Jean Rollin is a name instantly recognizable to hardcore horror fans , but meaningless to nearly everyone else . This ignorance is quite unfortunate because this French director concocted some of the sleaziest , most unusual films ever made during the 1970s and 1980s , films usually imbued with a disturbing mix of hypereroticism and bloody violence . I have often tossed Rollin 's name around in impolite company with seeming aplomb even though I had never seen even one of the man 's films . You read enough plot synopses about someone and you start to feel as though you know every intimate detail about their work . What I did hear from others about this director oftentimes did not bode well . He is apparently well versed in schlock filmmaking -- which in and of itself is not a problem with me , a true lover of bad cinema -- but several of his films continue to draw raves from a selected minority of genre fans . Well , I finally sat down with a Jean Rollin film , his 1979 effort `` Fascination , '' and was pleasantly surprised with the results . As I viewed the film with a growing sense of intrigue , I began mentally composing a list of other films from this director that I should watch in the near future . First up is Rollin 's 1982 gore opus `` Living Dead Girl . '' `` La Morte Vivante , '' or `` The Living Dead Girl , '' is a shocking tale of a girl raised from the dead against her will , her ravenous hunger for human blood , and the childhood friend who acts as her enabler . Catherine Valmont -LRB- Franoise Blanchard -RRB- unfortunately passed away at a young age and was buried in a crypt with her deceased mother . And there she lies still in the sleep that knows no time or space until two dolts looking for a convenient place to stash some leaky barrels of toxic waste discover the crypt and start robbing graves . Some element of the glowing green fluid has an unwholesome effect on Catherine 's corpse , causing her to suddenly awake and attack the two ghouls . Valmont , barely capable of speech and deeply confused in the world of the living , begins rambling around the French countryside in an effort to relocate her old house . Initially , she only has two memories-of her house and of her childhood friend Helene -LRB- Marina Pierro -RRB- . As she wanders through wide-open fields , a nosy American photographer notices her and takes a picture of the dead girl . The photographer and her goofy husband will soon play a big role in the horrific events to follow.Catherine eventually stumbles over her house , which is obviously no longer the Valmont residence . The living dead girl starts killing off people who come to the house-a real estate agent , a couple of young kids fooling around on a couch , Jimmy Hoffa-you get the idea . It turns out Catherine must drink the blood of the living in order to remain animate . If she goes too long without quaffing the red stuff , she suffers excruciating aches and pains . Moreover , the more blood Valmont drinks , the more she remembers about her former life . She soon recalls more details about Helene and a strange blood pact the two made as children . By the time Helene appears , and after living dead girl 's bestest friend expresses astonishment that her late pal is alive , the two team up to help Catherine cope with her newfound existence . Helene lures a series of people out to the house so Valmont can carve them up like a Thanksgiving turkey . Each encounter between Catherine and a hapless individual is truly gross , a bone crunching , sauce spraying adventure in graphic Technicolor . Then , tragedy strikes . Remember the photographer and her husband ? They both arrive on the scene when they learn about Catherine Valmont 's death and mysterious resurrection . At the same time , living dead girl begins to express a sense of remorse about the people she kills for food . The movie ends on an especially gory note . `` Living Dead Girl '' is a great horror film . I liked nearly everything about Rollin 's nasty little gorefest
 Director Jean Rollins is one crafty dude . He delivered the first notable French vampire movie -LRB- The Rape of the Vampire , ' 68 -RRB- as well as the first French gore flick -LRB- The Grapes of Death , ' 78 -RRB- . Plus he was one of the country 's early pioneers of X-rated cinema . His 1982 Living Dead Girl combines elements from all of those fantastic genres , and it has developed a bit of a cult following over the years.Quick synopsis -- earthquake , chemical spill , and a hot zombie chick is now craving Ben & Jerry 's Chunky Munkey ice cream . Just kidding , she 's thirsty for blood of the human variety . Let the sucking commence!This story has some graphic nudity to accompany the ultra-bloody kills . It does n't spend too much time fumbling around with irrelevant stuff like plot , dialogue , or character development . It 's a bit gothic , pretty erotic , and somewhat artistic . But really it concentrates on the bloody visuals . The effects are maybe just a tad unrealistic looking but the insane amount of the red stuff makes it lots of fun for you gorehounds . `` I emptied these bodies of blood so that it may flow in mine . To turn me into a living dead girl . ''
 This delighted audiences at a number of film festivals , and it is not hard to see why . Director Yang Zhang , with the help of some very nice work by the three principle actors , Xu Zhu as the father , Master Liu ; Quanxin Pu as the elder son , Da Ming ; and especially Wu Jiang as the irrepressible and lovable younger son , Er Ming , spins a tale that will warm the coldest heart.The film starts with a man taking a shower in an automated booth in the middle of Beijing . He puts some money in a slot , opens the door , takes off his clothes and puts some of them on a conveyer belt to be cleaned , steps into the shower and gets cleaned with brushes and squirts of water and soap as though he 's a car at the car wash . This is the future symbolically speaking , and the old bathhouse we will see in the next scene is the past . Agrarian China is giving way to industrial China.Pollution ? Cultural revolution hang-over ? Industrialization blues ? No way . What we have here is a celebration of people and their kindness and love for one another , a celebration of goodness in the hearts of men . Yet I wonder how the Chinese government views this film . On the one hand , it clearly presents a pleasant view of China and its people . It is stringently nonpolitical without criticism of the present regime expressed or implied . Yet there is the slightest sense that the good old ways are going to be replaced by something that may not be as good . I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to just let that be as it may . Tell a story about old men at the bathhouse where they get back rubs and massages , where they tell tall tales and reminisce about the good old days , where they can relax and play Chinese chess and stage cricket fights , where the Master is a spry and wise old guy and his assistant is his son , who may be retarded or autistic , but who does his job with glee and an infectious spirit of fun and good will.Enter back on the scene the older son , Da Ming , who is polished , well groomed and taciturn . He is uncomfortable with what he sees as the unsophisticated behavior of his father and brother . He represents modern China with his tie and his briefcase , his cell phone and his education . He has only returned because he thought his father was dying . When he sees that this is not true , he packs his bags and is set to return to his wife and his career . But then a crisis ensues and it is during this crisis that Da Ming sees the value of the natural , people-centered life that his father and his brother have been living.And so Yang Zhang reconciles the old and the new , and does so in such a charming manner that I will not object , especially since his style is so neat and so carefully expressed . One of the nice things he does that I miss in most movies is the way he dovetails the subplots within the larger story so that they are resolved before the picture ends . The bathhouse regular who sings `` O sole mio '' in the bathhouse as the water showers down upon him , much to the delight of Er Ming , finds that he ca n't sing in public because of stage fright . Near the end of the film he loses his stage fright and sings thanks to some inspired help from Er Ming . And the bathhouse regular who is losing his wife because ... well , he tells a tale to Master Liu before he confesses the real reason . But Liu understands and again before the movie is over , husband and wife are reconciled.This kind of `` happy ending '' movie-making is unusual in today artistic and international films , or in almost any film directed at adults . Some happy endings are so contrived as to embarrass not only their contrivers but their audiences . And some are so blatantly condescending that the audience is offended . Here however the audience is delighted.See this especially for the comedic performance by Wu Jiang whose warm effervescence overcomes any handicap his character may have .
 It seems that China 's rapid development is making some Chinese wonder about what they may be losing . This charming film tells the story of a man who returns home after many years from his busy life in the city to the bath house run by his father and retarded brother . He is gradually seduced by the peace and sense of community that he finds there , as well as his awakened sense of responsibility toward his aging father and handicapped younger brother . Touching and funny , with a wonderful cast of sharply drawn supporting characters . Writing about it makes me want to watch it again .
 A simple , touching story of family and community . I could watch this one again and again .
 Many Chinese movies understandably focus on the tragic era ofthe Cultural Revolution . This movie , on the contrary , presents us with the dark side of the `` new '' China . Though particular to China , it coincidentally describes a more global picture of a world that pursues money to the detriment of happiness.We immediately get a look at a metaphor for the new China . A man takes a shower in an efficient public shower , which looks like a mix between a porto-potty and a robo car-wash . It gets the job done in a short amount of time so that the user can get on with his life as producer and consumer.We then meet the businessman behind the efficient shower . He is a Chinese yuppie , now living in Shenzhen , but who is presently returning to his hometown because he believes his father , whom he had not visited in a long time , is dead.As it turns out , his father is not dead . At this point we get a juxtaposition of two worlds . The new , the yuppies ' world which is humorless , lacks warmth and sensuality and the world of his father who runs a public bathouse . The bathouse , as it turns out , is not only a place where people can ENJOY a bath -LRB- and not just get clean -RRB- but it serves as a social center where people gather , problems get resolved , and people really care about one another.Alas , the efficient `` new '' world wins out as a modernization plancalls for the bathhouse to be torn down ... and with it the soul of the community . O sole mio , indeed ... but the sun will go down and not rise again any time soon . We are headed towards a joyless efficient world.This is a brilliant movie and I would give it ten stars if possible.Thomas
 I need not add to what others have written about the themes nor the plot of this excellent film . I would merely like to add that the acting is so outstanding that , in many instances , one need not read the subtitles to understand what 's transpiring . Though the plot is offbeat and the setting is in a culture vastly different from our own , the themes and the emotions are universal and are conveyed very skillfully . At the showing my wife and I attended , spontaneous applause erupted from the appreciative audience at the end of the movie . I have n't experienced that very often of late .
 This is one of my favorite foreign films , and my favorite Chinese film . The film explores modernization versus tradition . Sadly , modernization wins out all too often in China !
 This is a beautiful movie . There is tension , drama , sadness , and humor -- the fundamentals to keep one interested . But it is much more than that . Without being cloying or predictable , this movie is about being a good and decent person , despite our all too common imperfections and desires . Highly recommended !
 I was not initially excited about the prospect of watching 2 hours of Chinese men semi-nude in a bath house . After a little bit of a slow start , the film begins to wrap your interest around the lives touched by the bath house . An adult son living in south China returns to his elderly father 's business when he thinks he has died . The clash of modern life with Chinese filial tradition provides a potent mechanism to advance the story . Great comic relief is provided by the up 's and down 's of daily Chinese life , which is not all that different from what we experience in America . The actor who plays the mentally challenged brother is amazing in his role . By the end of the movie you are personally engaged in what will happen to the house and the family . Give this film a shot if you like to laugh , as well as enjoy stories about our common humanity .
 Sweet and endearing without being overly sentimental . If this movie were made in Hollywood , the neighborhood would have doubtlessly been saved by the community pulling together for some kind of phenomenal fundraiser . This , instead , shows the family and community engaging in little kindnesses as the aging neighborhood breathes its last ... and it is the people , rather than the buildings , that are redeemed in the end .
 This 1999 import from China has a unique setting - an old fashioned men 's bathhouse . It 's run by an old man and his retarded son and is the place where men spend most of their days soaking in the hot tubs , getting their backs scrubbed and generally socializing . There 's another son too . He lives in the big city and is a successful businessman . When he takes a shower , as we see in the opening segment , it 's in a coin operated high tech compartment where mechanical brushes scrub his body and hot air blows him dry . He has n't seen his father in many years , but he receives a drawing from his brother and assumes the father is dying and so he returns home.Once home , he is drawn into the simple and pleasant life of his father and brother . And he also learns to enjoy his brother 's company , accepting the retardation and feeling the love in the small family . We see him gradually changing as he keeps calling his wife on his cell phone promising to come back in just a few days more . Then his father dies . He 's left with a bathhouse and a brother to take care of . To top this all off , the City is about to knock down the bathhouse and build a shopping mall.The ending is inevitable of course . We see the family love and acceptance . And we know that the brother will always be loved and taken care of . It 's a good story.One of the things I liked about it best was that the retarded brother is accepted in the community for what he is . He works in the bathhouse and contributes to the world around him . He is always smiling and his simple joys in life are a pleasure to see.All the actors are excellent . I forgot they were acting and felt I was transformed right into this small town in China . I got a feeling of what life must be like to run a bathhouse . And there are also some very moving parts about how lucky this town is to have an abundance of water compared to some other places in China where it is so dry that people do not bathe except on their wedding day or when they make a long pilgrimage to bathe in the river . It made me realize how important the abundance of water is.This is simple film . Yet , I was very moved by it . And felt good at the end . Recommended .
 Simply a brilliant look into what being human is about . Before I go any further I want to give kudos to the release company , what a good job they 've done with the digital transfer . I 've come accross lackluster versions of great movies , which is simply a shame , but the screen glisters with color , great job . The film plays like a tv drama , very basic elements , some melodrama gets used but just right . What a simple and effective family story , with just a hint of allegory ! Must see .
 I often felt troubled when people asked me to recommend some Chinese movies , not because there were n't any good ones , but because those good ones did not depict today 's China . Some of Yimou Zhang 's and Kaige Chen 's movies are not only good , but also , in my opinion , among the greatest ones that the world has produced . However , the stories in those movies happened many years ago ; and these years are the ones that have seen the most dramatic changes of a country in history.My trouble ended with the introduction of Xizao -LRB- Shower -RRB- in North America.The humors are Chinese styled , but the emotions are , as someone has said in his comment , universal . The values on intimate family relationships , genuine friendships , and concerns for the general public are exemplified in a society that is trying to find a balance between modernization and tradition . When economic development and new technologies menace thousand-year-old lifestyles , people , especially the elderlies , become ambivalent towards them.A country with an extraordinary history and tradition experiencing the most rapid development in the world , today 's China can be a perfect set for many more good movies . I often wonder why there are so few movies like Xizao . As it has proved , you do n't have to touch heavy politics to depict an authentic picture of today 's China . -LRB- Kaige Chen 's Together is disappointing . -RRB- One of the commentators said the movie is uneven at some points . This is probably true , and unsurprising , given that the director is not as experienced as Zhang or Chen . However , I did n't notice the unevenness because I was captured by the actors ' wonderful performances . You will be easily amused by Wu Jiang 's performance as Er Ming ; you would be more impressed by Xu Zhu 's Master Liu and Cunxing Pu 's Da Ming if you understand Chinese . These are the finest Chinese actors of their respective generations.I noticed that some commentators thought the story happened in a small village . This is a misunderstanding . The set is actually Beijing . Although bathhouses like the one in the movie exist in many Chinese cities , you feel more amazed by the changes that China is experiencing when you know this story happened in a metropolis , right?If you want to understand today 's China , watch this movie . If you want to understand the China before and during the Cultural Revolution -LRB- 1966 to 1976 -RRB- , you should check out Huozhe -LRB- To Live -RRB- and Ba Wang Bie Ji -LRB- Farewell My Concubine -RRB- . Artistically , Xizao may not be a masterpiece compared to the latter two , but it is definitely worth watching . In today 's world , movies as warm as this one remind us of the beauty of life .
 Yes people in china like to bathe . Some , like in the opening shot , prefer a fast , technological scrub , while others prefer to drown the day away in the comfort of local bath houses . This is not one of those foreign films that tries to take you to a mythological past , or present you with the problems of a system , it tries to show you real people and the way their souls , and bodies , are cleansed . Fine performances by the lead actors , especially Wu Jiang who plays Er ming , the younger brother who is mentally disabled but is quite content to work in his fathers local bathhouse , where most of the guests treat him like family . The father and Er Ming have a special bond , jogging after work , which ends up in a contest , seeing who can hold their breath the longest and spraying each other as they clean the bath house . In a fine subdued performance Er Ming 's older brother comes back for a visit , thinking that his father was ill because of the post card sent to him by Er ming . When all turns out well intially , Da ming , -LRB- older brother -RRB- , wants to return home . But as fate would have hit something does happen to father and Da Ming is forced to make a choice about his destiny , which is explained to him in such a unique way by a dung beetle special on tv . This film is filled with good heart and wit and is one that should be viewed by those who want substance over style and for all of you who are tired of pearl harbor , swordfish , gone in 60 seconds mentality the most of mainstream hollywood studios think you will like
 this film is enchanting , it made me cry , it made me smile and it made me laugh . do ` nt miss the opportunity to see this beautiful film
 I would like to mention that Shower won the Golden Space Needle Award as the audience favorite of the films screened at the Seattle International Film Festival . This award is given to the film receiving the most votes from those attending - approximately 120,000 people . It also came in second in the voting by people who purchased full series passes and averaged 63 films each over the three weeks of the festival . Beyond the story of a guy who owns a bathhouse , it also talks about the economic change in China , cultural displacement , and families .
 Every once in awhile one stumbles upon something which is extra special . Shower is just such a stumble . It is a wonderful , sensitive , warm , human movie . The characters are all people you would like to have as friends . Simply , it is the story of a father and two sons addressing the reality of life 's changes.There is only one reason you should not see this movie and that is if you just can not deal with foreign films ; otherwise , trust me , this is a movie you want to see . I think I 'll watch it again!William J. Trinkle --
 In one of the fastest growing areas of the world , the burgeoning metropolis Beijing -LRB- like many places in the world -RRB- , many past facets of life are being replaced to make way for `` modern '' conveniences . In the movie Shower , from mainland China 's Xian Film Studio directed by Yang Zhang -LRB- Spicy Love Soup -RRB- , this dichotomy of the new and the old is symbolized by the shower and the bath . The shower is a fast convenience that takes water for granted while the bath and especially the bathhouse is a tranquil way of life . Master Liu -LRB- Zhu Xu also in King of Masks -RRB- is owner of such an establishment where you can bathe , get a massage , get treatments like cupping , get a manicure , play Xiangqi -LRB- Chinese Chess -RRB- , or challenge local patrons to cricket fighting . It is analogous to a men 's club -LRB- or Cheers -RRB- where regulars come to relax as well as socialize -LRB- and everybody knows your name as well as your problems -RRB- . Liu lives with his mentally slow son Er Ming -LRB- wonderfully played by Jiang Wu -RRB- who helps out with the daily chores.Shower starts off with an idea by bathhouse denizen He Zheng of an automated shower -LRB- reminds me of the automated restrooms in large cities like San Francisco or the suicide booths in Futurama -RRB- where you pay your money and get put through an automatic human wash that sprays soap , water and scrubs you to a healthy clean . It is a clever idea by a slacker whose entrepreneurial ideas tend to fizzle and who still needs to fix the neon sign for the bathhouse . It is entirely appropriate that he is telling this idea while relaxing in the caldarium.The drama begins when Da Ming -LRB- Pu Cunxin -RRB- , son of Liu , comes to visit from Shenzhen after an extended absence . He came after misinterpreting a postcard that Er Ming sent that seemed to show the death of his father . While Liu was happy to see him he then realized the only reason his son came to visit because he thought he was dead . Da Ming decides to stay for a few days though his faster pace existence is evident by the fact he only takes showers now and not baths . Things have changes so much between them at one point that Liu wishes his son had not even shown up -LRB- though at this point Da Ming had lost his younger brother while buying a ticket home -RRB- . The distant relationship between Liu and Da Ming is counterbalanced between the beautifully simple and close relationship between Er Ming and Liu . Liu takes care of him but allows Er Ming to help out with the business and even exercises with him . It is a touching kinship that seems realistic and not forced . Da Ming is awed by this bond . He has spent so much time away that he is an estranged `` prodigal son . `` The biggest strength of this film is it 's characterization . There are many wonderful supporting roles in this film . There is the impotent Zhang and his shrewish wife . There are the bickering cricket trainers and fighters -LRB- including Mr. Wu who has possibly used illegal substances to beef up his cricket . -RRB- There is Miao Zhuang who loves to sing Eduardo Di Capua and Giovanni Capurro 's O Sole Mio in the shower . And He Zheng the daydreamer who owes lots of money . I am quite impressed by how well all of their lives are interconnected throughout many of the subplots.Small spoiler in this paragraph
 I loved this movie so much.I had to buy it , so that my children will one day watch it and understand what it means to be chinese.The story is about an older son who went to the big city to leave the small town he was born into , to make his mark in the modern world.He leaves behind an aging widower of a father and his mentally challenged younger brother.He comes home because his brother sent him a post card with a drawing on it.He thought his father had past away.Upon arrival he sees that his dad is well , so he asks his brother what the postcard is about.The brother answers that he misses him.His stay becomes longer and longer due to circumstances.Finally he has to tell his wife about his brother , -LSB- who hangs up on him -RSB- that he will be living with them in the future.The movie shows the difference between city people and country people in modern china.I like the country people better .
 This is a sweet-natured film that depends heavily on the tugs of family responsibility and the characters we meet for its charm . Please note that elements of the plot are discussed . Da Ming -LRB- Pu Cunxin -RRB- is a businessman in a big city in southern China who receives a cryptic postcard from his younger brother , Er Ming -LRB- Jiang Wu -RRB- . Er Ming is retarded and the postcard shows a rough drawing of their father , Master Liu -LRB- Zhu Xu -RRB- , lying on a slab with Er Ming sitting next to him . Thinking his father is dead or seriously ill , Da Ming arrives in Beijing and shows up at the traditional bath house his father owns . Liu may be aging and is not too well , but he still manages the bath house with the help of Er Ming . The two enjoy each other 's company . They run races and have contests to see who can hold his breath longest . Er Ming may be retarded and slow , but he takes delight in the work of the bath house and his responsibilities . He has a good heart . But all this ca n't last ; the neighborhood is scheduled to be torn down for new development.As Da Ming 's visit lengthens , he becomes reacquainted with his father and brother and the life they lead running the bath house . He comes to appreciate the slower pace of things . Through his father and Er Ming , he 's able to observe the lives of the customers . When his father dies , he makes some decisions that he soon realizes are wrong . He 's learned more than he thought during his stay with his father and brother at the bath house.The movie is a bit sentimental . It pushes the themes of family and the value of the old ways . It also is a warm and amusing look at peoples ' lives . We come to know the two old men who argue over their cricket matches and accuse each other of trickery , and the hen-pecked man with a harridan for a wife , who has a marital problem that wo n't rise to the occasion , and the chubby , shy teen-ager who sings O Solo Mio with confidence in the showers but ca n't get anything out on a stage , and the young man who dreams of business success and keeps getting in debt to the wrong men . And since most of the movie takes place in this old , traditional bath house , we can see a slice of Chinese life which is rapidly fading away . Master Liu 's bath house is not just a place to bathe , it 's a place to spend the day if you want , to sleep , to gossip , to enjoy friends , to play long games of xiangqi , to soak and get a massage , to be cupped or get a manicure -LRB- with an instrument that looks like it could peel the flesh off your finger if Master Liu ever slipped -RRB- . It 's a place where problems can be fixed , whether marital or singing or crickets.At the end of the movie the bulldozers are tearing down the neighborhood . The bath house finally has closed . The old patrons are scattering to new homes . Er Ming and his brother will soon be returning to Da Ming 's home , and we hope Da Ming 's wife will learn the lesson 's about family that her husband has learned . We 're hopeful , but we 're not sure.The actors all do fine jobs . Zhu Xu , who plays the father , played the lead in a very good movie , The King of Masks . The DVD looks just fine . There are no significant extras .
 This delighted audiences at a number of film festivals , and it is not hard to see why . Director Yang Zhang , with the help of some very nice work by the three principle actors , Xu Zhu as the father , Master Liu ; Quanxin Pu as the elder son , Da Ming ; and especially Wu Jiang as the irrepressible and lovable younger son , Er Ming , spins a tale that will warm the coldest heart.The film starts with a man taking a shower in an automated booth in the middle of Beijing . He puts some money in a slot , opens the door , takes off his clothes and puts some of them on a conveyer belt to be cleaned , steps into the shower and gets cleaned with brushes and squirts of water and soap as though he 's a car at the car wash . This is the future symbolically speaking , and the old bathhouse we will see in the next scene is the past . Agrarian China is giving way to industrial China.Pollution ? Cultural revolution hang-over ? Industrialization blues ? No way . What we have here is a celebration of people and their kindness and love for one another , a celebration of goodness in the hearts of men . Yet I wonder how the Chinese government views this film . On the one hand , it clearly presents a pleasant view of China and its people . It is stringently nonpolitical without criticism of the present regime expressed or implied . Yet there is the slightest sense that the good old ways are going to be replaced by something that may not be as good . I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to just let that be as it may . Tell a story about old men at the bathhouse where they get back rubs and massages , where they tell tall tales and reminisce about the good old days , where they can relax and play Chinese chess and stage cricket fights , where the Master is a spry and wise old guy and his assistant is his son , who may be retarded or autistic , but who does his job with glee and an infectious spirit of fun and good will.Enter back on the scene the older son , Da Ming , who is polished , well groomed and taciturn . He is uncomfortable with what he sees as the unsophisticated behavior of his father and brother . He represents modern China with his tie and his briefcase , his cell phone and his education . He has only returned because he thought his father was dying . When he sees that this is not true , he packs his bags and is set to return to his wife and his career . But then a crisis ensues and it is during this crisis that Da Ming sees the value of the natural , people-centered life that his father and his brother have been living.And so Yang Zhang reconciles the old and the new , and does so in such a charming manner that I will not object , especially since his style is so neat and so carefully expressed . One of the nice things he does that I miss in most movies is the way he dovetails the subplots within the larger story so that they are resolved before the picture ends . The bathhouse regular who sings `` O sole mio '' in the bathhouse as the water showers down upon him , much to the delight of Er Ming , finds that he ca n't sing in public because of stage fright . Near the end of the film he loses his stage fright and sings thanks to some inspired help from Er Ming . And the bathhouse regular who is losing his wife because ... well , he tells a tale to Master Liu before he confesses the real reason . But Liu understands and again before the movie is over , husband and wife are reconciled.This kind of `` happy ending '' movie-making is unusual in today artistic and international films , or in almost any film directed at adults . Some happy endings are so contrived as to embarrass not only their contrivers but their audiences . And some are so blatantly condescending that the audience is offended . Here however the audience is delighted.See this especially for the comedic performance by Wu Jiang whose warm effervescence overcomes any handicap his character may have .
 Wonderful movie that portrays the conflict between the old and the new in China as modern development results in people losing their beloved old traditions , neighborhoods , and homes .
 They say you ca n't go home again , but big city executive Da Ming goes back to his father 's place of business , a bathhouse . He believes his father is dying , but is surprised to see father is well . Da Ming also sees his mentally challenged brother Erming who works at the communal bathhouse . According to the father , Da Ming left home for the corporate world , and Erming is left and the relationship between Erming and his father is one to appreciate.The major setting is an old bathouse and you will learn a lot about the operation of a bathhouse , where you see that it is a place of social gatherings , cricket fighting , and a place of human relationships of bickering and friendships . However , the building is set soon for demolition.When Da Ming arrives , he is not familiar with the bathhouse , but he is enlightened by the relationship his father has with his mentally challenged brother . Seeing this special relationship is unique and endearing to watch the bond , fun and love they share , and in the name of work also . And now , Da Ming is torn between a bond to care for his brother and a wife who seems to not understand a close brotherly relationship or the need and love to care about the mentally challenged brother.The 1999 Chinese film is sad , humorous , entertaining , enlightening . ... Rizzo
 This movie is about a father and two adult sons and how they related to each other . Most of the action takes place in a traditional bath house , where the men gathered for socializing . You see one of the sons having to make a tough decision about his and his brother 's lives , and the emotional turmoil it causes . You feel as though you were there , because you get to know some of the regular customers and their individual quirks , and you also learn about this family that could have had a depressing life , but choose instead to be happy . I have already recommended this movie to many of my friends and family . I loved it .
 I loved this movie when I watched it . My grandparents loved this movie even more when they saw it , so much that they purchased a copy and brought it to China to show their relatives and reminisce the past .
 I went into this film absolutely clueless as to what I should expect ... But from it 's opening shots to it 's gentle ending , I was amazed , inspired , enlightened and overwhelmed . It is a quiet and simple tale of family and community . It is timeless , and has no borders . You will love the quirky characters and the interesting situations . I loved it , all of it , and plan to re-watch many times . If you liked `` Smoke Signals '' or `` Adrenaline Drive , '' you owe it to yourself to check this one out !
 This movie has a little of everything for everyone . It should be nominated for an Academy Award this year ! It is a wonderful , sensitive story set in China showing how the new world is replacing the old , and one family whose lives are unalterably affected by it . Do n't miss this one !
 This film is outstanding , simply beautiful . The acting is top notch for unknown chinese actors speaking their language who and which i am not familiar with , but hope to be soon especially after watching this . This film shows things to be thankful about , shows honesty , faith , and most importantly love . Even if people cant stand reading the subtitles , this is worth every minute of it . Anyone who doesnt like this film doesnt know what a good movie is about , its not just an opinion its honestly a fact . This film is very funny and yet very deep . See it now if you havent , -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Even Pig Pen would n't mind taking a shower after watching this heart-felt movie about a father , the bath house he runs , and his relationship with his two sons . I really enjoyed this movie -- what a great story , great acting , and the subtitles were clear . My husband also really enjoyed it .
 Well , I 'm not too big into foreign films , but this one is an exception . The film is a very deep felt story about a family that runs a bathhouse business , and shows the happiness and struggles of running it . The mood of the film is just amazing , I ca n't explain it . There is n't alot of action in the movie , but you can watch this movie without action it is that good . This film is not dubbed in english , it is in mandarin chinese , but you can watch it with english subtitles . I think it is better in mandarin anyway , because if they would of dubbed it , it probably would n't of been as good . I thought about taking up the language after I watched the film , but found it difficult . Anyway 's , I can guarantee you , you will love this film .
 I love this movie . I have in on VHS and replaced that with this DVD . If you have not , yet , seen &#34; Shower &#34; , what are you waiting for?This is a feel good movie , with subtitles .
 Shower is an interesting story whose director juxtaposes modern and ancient culture to give the audience a holistic view of today 's China . A good number of today 's youth are getting jobs in the fast-paced field of corporate business . They do not have time go to the bathhouse and spend hours soaking in the tub . What the older generation realizes is that going to a bathhouse is not just about taking a bath . Bathhouses are located in neighborhoods making them a place to go and visit with friends and neighbors . Someone who owns one of these places builds a connection with his or her clientele as they come back year after year.Daming Liu does not take the time to understand what his fathers business is all about or why it makes him happy . He is embarrassed by him and decides to leave home in search of a more glamorous lifestyle . On the other hand , his brother Erming loves his father and is happy helping him take care of his business , he does not have much choice but anyone can see how happy he is and how simple everything in life seems for him . Sometimes those in life that do not have many worldly possessions or much money are some of the richest and happiest people in the world . Erming and his father are a perfect example of that . They are surrounded by lots of friends as well as each other to love and care for them . Anyone could find things to complain about in Mr. Liu 's situation . Instead , he is the light in his son Erming 's life . It is so wonderful to watch how gentle Mr. Liu is with Erming . Anyone could easily loose patience with a retarded person . Mr. Liu spends day after day with his son and manages to make life wonderful for him . He makes it seem easy to raise a retarded child . Mr. Liu is such a patient and understanding father.When Daming comes home for a visit he sees how happy his father and brother are without him . Because Daming 's father and brother are insecure about his feelings for them , they do not believe that he simply came home for a visit . For a while , things are rather tense . Daming is not seen as part of the family any more . He is not a part of the father son dynamic . He is an intruder . Daming spends time getting to know his father and brother all over again . Daming had been gone for so long that it appears he is home for the first time as an adult . Being an adult gives him a fresh more mature perspective on his relationship with his family . He begins to see things from his father 's perspective and to realize how wrong he has been and how much he has missed.Towards the end of the film , Daming begins to feel like a part of the family again . He finally gains his fathers acceptance , which he realizes he wanted all along . Erming and Mr. Liu get a fresh start with their son/brother Daming when he comes to visit . With the bathhouse being torn down there are many decisions that have to be made regarding Erming and Mr. Liu 's future . It is interesting how this tragedy comes to life around the same time as Daming 's visit . This is an important turning point for the Liu family . This problem has to be decided as a family . Daming is home so he is available to give his perspective . They have banned together as a family to make this decision . This perhaps makes them feel closer and gives Daming a chance to prove his worth as part of the family.Just when the family has started to make peace , the father dies . Daming now has to deal with his brother . He does not have time to greave for a father he has not seen in years . He puts his grief aside to be a good big brother . It seems like Daming has inherited some of his father 's compassion . Erming refuses to deal with his father 's death . Perhaps he is mentally incapable of understanding his father 's dead . Whatever the case he is having a hard time facing up to the fact that the one person he could count on to be there for him is gone . When you can not care for yourself having a constant source of support is a very calming thing . It is comforting to know that his brother has some sense of family . In the end something good comes out of a major tragedy .762 words .
 Just watched the video and I 'm astounded at the depth of emotions it brought out in me . It makes us embrace what is dear to us , at the same time questioning the materialistic values society endorses . Vincent Zahedi -LRB- the reviewer who gave this movie one star and said it was boring -RRB- is hardly credible . Seems like `` Highlander '' and `` Dude , where 's my car ? '' obtained the five-star treatment . Nuff said .
 I wo n't go into the movie plot as you can read them from every other review . This is one of the few movies that is worth your time watching it multiple times , and each time you watch it you 'll learn a few new things about the characters and grow to like them like they are members of your family . You 'll want to live their lifes , to listen to their tales , to share their pain , to respect their ways of living , and yes , even to take a bath with them . 5 stars and one of the best movies I saw in the past 2 years .
 Just a terrific movie that let 's people know that we are all people and all have problems .
 Thank goodness for once we can get a good flim without sex and violence instead a good family flim without silly talking animals , super cute apes and children so cute that they have been fed with sugar enough to bring in diabetes . The new crop of Chinese flicks are just great ... Are ` nt we jaded with the crop of rubbish Hollywood has poured on us in 2000 . Like talking and kissing dinosaurs , a nude grinch , Independent women who dress like they are not ... I will watch foreign flims if Hollywood stops making all those rubbish .
 This subtitled Chinese movie tells a story of collision between technological progress and old-times . The story begins when a prodigal son returns from the city to his home town - a place that barely changed since he was a boy - to see his aging father . During the course of his stay , the son began to accept and finally embrace the very things he had once detested as the `` modern , progressive '' man . This story is one we can all relate to , regardless of where we are and who we are . The world is changing quickly , and we have learned to take everything at face value and for granted . We make our lives complicated in hopes that we can concoct contentment within ourselves and in our lives . Then we become dependent on the technology we created and wonder why we feel tired/stressed/rushed all the time . `` Shower '' is a movie that made me wonder if seduction works in reverse - if the modern man can be seduced by a `` kinder , more simple '' lifestyle . I wonder whether many of us will be interested in living as a large extended family of neighbors who are customers and friends - people you talk about impotence and marriage problems with , people you would entrust your mentally handicapped child with . Most of the stories I hear are `` success stories '' of how someone `` made it big '' or `` struck it rich '' . But I suppose , for a few , like the prodigal son , seduction works in reverse .
 Shower is simply an amazing movie . It is about an old man who runs a bathhouse with his mentally retarded son , in a run-down neighborood in China . His eldest son , who has been swept up into a commercial and materialistic lifestyle , comes back to see his estranged father . Shower conveys the message to live a simple life and to do what makes you happy in life to find peace . shower perfectly sets up the theme of `` The Modern , The Technological , The Impersonal '' VS `` The Old Fashioned , The Traditional , The Human Touch '' . I was captured into the world that this movie creates . The atmosphere is very light and the movie has a smoothness and a non-threatening quality to it that adds to its realism . The director does a great job of not making Shower overly sentimental , which would take away from its stark human realism . The subpots and the sub characters in the film do a masterful job of complimenting the main themes in the movie and are also hilarious and unique . Not only does Shower have funny and interesting characters in it , but the emotions that the poeple experience can really be felt because of the film 's simplistic realism . The relationship between the father and his sons are extremely compelling . Watching their relationships change and develop in relation to the bathhouse was solidly done . No doubt , a well crafted and directed film.BOTTOMLINE
 Many Chinese movies understandably focus on the tragic era ofthe Cultural Revolution . This movie , on the contrary , presents us with the dark side of the `` new '' China . Though particular to China , it coincidentally describes a more global picture of a world that pursues money to the detriment of happiness.We immediately get a look at a metaphor for the new China . A man takes a shower in an efficient public shower , which looks like a mix between a porto-potty and a robo car-wash . It gets the job done in a short amount of time so that the user can get on with his life as producer and consumer.We then meet the businessman behind the efficient shower . He is a Chinese yuppie , now living in Shenzhen , but who is presently returning to his hometown because he believes his father , whom he had not visited in a long time , is dead.As it turns out , his father is not dead . At this point we get a juxtaposition of two worlds . The new , the yuppies ' world which is humorless , lacks warmth and sensuality and the world of his father who runs a public bathouse . The bathouse , as it turns out , is not only a place where people can ENJOY a bath -LRB- and not just get clean -RRB- but it serves as a social center where people gather , problems get resolved , and people really care about one another.Alas , the efficient `` new '' world wins out as a modernization plancalls for the bathhouse to be torn down ... and with it the soul of the community . O sole mio , indeed ... but the sun will go down and not rise again any time soon . We are headed towards a joyless efficient world.This is a brilliant movie and I would give it ten stars if possible.Thomas
 After renting this movie 3 times from Netflix , I decided that I should just buy it . It 's one of those movies that I can watch over and over again because it 's not just a plot ; it 's a reaffirmation of the important and pure things in life . It 's simply `` refreshing '' every time I see it again -LRB- excuse the pun -RRB- !
 The title above is in fact a compliment to this absolutely wonderful movie . I will not say more about the plot as its been mention in all the wonderful reviews here . BUT I have to mention that I am becoming more and more fascinated with the old actor Xu Zhu . I first saw him in King Of Mask and I think he is fantastic . He always have a stern , grouchy grandpapa look that will burst into a heartwarming smile in a split second.Watch out for some of the wackiest characters too . The two sons are good , but the retarted one is both funny , and at the same time made me feel really sad for him.Some other really cute characters are a gentle spoken guy with a domineering , bullying wife , two old men always quibbling about their pet crickets like overgrown kids and a fat `` o sole Mio '' guy that is comical and yet annoying and irritating , and one of their friend who always dream of striking it rich :-RRB- Wonderful.one of my favourite quote from the movie
 This is a really strange , captivating , Chinese movie about an old man and his retarded adult son who run a traditional , men 's bathhouse in an old section of Beijing together . A short visit by the old man 's other son , who had formerly wanted nothing to do with the business , becomes a longer stay than anyone expected due to circumstances beyond anyone 's control.We could say that this is a movie about the encroaching modernization of China and it 's impact upon traditional culture , but I came away from my night with the DVD wondering how one goes about putting together a small stable of fighting crickets . If I can figure this out , I 'm headed down to Chinatown , looking for a match.This is an interesting , bittersweet movie that is comical in the way that Wertmuller 's `` Swept Away '' is comical . The characters are very `` human '' and you will likely empathize with their situations , as I did . You may as well spring for the DVD as you will undoubtedly want to see it more than once in your life anyway.Possibly , before the next East-West summit , the heads of State involved should swap a few good movies before getting together .
 Da Ming is the elder son of a bath house owner , who has escaped the drudgery of small town life for the life of a modern executive in Shenzhen.Or has he ? When he receives a postcard with a drawing on it which looks like his father has passed on , he returns to his home town believing his father has died.Instead , Da Ming finds his father in good health , and is himself the proverbial `` heart '' of the small town . Da Ming 's father doubles as match maker , therapist , and friend to the troubled people who come to his bathhouse to bathe and relieve the stress of day-to-day life . While at first Da Ming resents his father , and is ashamed of his slow brother , he eventually finds himself lured into the family business , albeit unintentionally . After a tragedy strikes , will Da Ming have the courage to remain true to his father 's wishes and care for his brother ? Or will he buckle under the stresses of modern life and societal expectations?I really loved Shower . The Interactions between Er Ming and his elderly father was really charming . Da Ming 's bafflement at his father 's quaint ways and his embarrassment of his younger brother were realisticly portayed and well acted . Shower is a fascinating tale of redemption , renewal and growth set in an emerging China .
 What a heartwarming film from China!The plot is delectably `` fresh '' yet universal -- a successful businessman from Shenzhen -LRB- in southern China , close to Hong Kong -RRB- visits his elderly father and younger brother after a long separation , upon a mistaken pictorial message that his father has expired . The old man and the -LRB- intellectually deprived -RRB- younger son run an old fashioned bathhouse in downtown Beijing . Upon finding out that the postcard he received was misleading and that the father is well and good , the elder brother wants to return back to his life . Will he ? Can he?The fluid narrative is laced with some subtle humor so as not to depress or bore the audience . The slice of real-life China is delectable , the scenes of the men 's camaraderie and reverie in the bathhouse are alone interesting enough to grab a copy of this DVD . The chemistry between the actors is wonderful.The bathhouse , it turns out , has a deeper presence in the movie than being simply the backdrop for the family . As the father told the son the story of his wife 's family in the northern deserts of china , the element of water and bathing becomes an almost sacred ritual . Water was so scarce that a simple bath had profound depth and meaning.Although some moments verge on over-done sweetness -LRB- even bordering on cloying during the final park recital scene when water makes an intridguing appearance -RRB- , `` Shower '' is overall a very effective film with a simple yet touching message.Highly recommended !
 Somewhere I saw the opening scene of the movie Shower . I did n't know where the scene was from , but after a bit of research I was able to pinpoint it to this movie . It is a scene of an insiders view of a People-Wash -LRB- Car-Wash for people -RRB- on a street corner in China.The DVD arrived , I asked my 11 year old daughter to come in to see the Poeple-Washer . We ended up watching the movie twice that sitting . I have seen it about three more times since , and my daughter has watched it at least twice more.The movie is brilliant . I wish I understood the native language . The acting was trememndous while I was interpreting through sub-titles , I can imagine how much better it must be without the need for them.By the way reviewer0800 ; I do like Schwarzenegger and I still like Shower too , is that OK?Buy this movie and really enjoy ourself for a couple of hours.greg
 I was so surprised at how caught up I got in this movie ! I loved the sincerity of the characters and the story was so charming . Rarely do you see a movie with strong relationships between fathers and sons and between brothers . Although not sugar coated , it is a joy to see a movie from China that does not involve politics , sex or violence .
 At 63 , and a friend knowing I was from `` Dago Hill '' in St.Louis , we were chatting about how things had changed in our world . He being an avid Cardinals fan , as myself , we starting telling stories about Ole ' St. Louis . When I told him about being an early teenager , my father owning the quick shop `` Tom 's Grill '' and watching the making of the movie , meeting Steve McQueen , in person , seeing the behind the scenes operation , he was intrigued and asked me a lot about the story . As we sat talking my wife looked at me and suggested we go to Amazon.com , see if the movie was downloadable and watch it . Well , needless to say it brought back many memories , and since my father died in 1981 , I got to see him , alive , young and in the movie in the restaurant scenes when Steve was timing things and had the argument with the girl.My father obviously is `` Tom '' , owner of the grill , I remember many of the actual police officers in the movie as well as those that were involved in the real robbery . In the scene where the police cars are coming out of the station to respond to the bank , they are coming out of the 2nd district police station on Hampton Ave. which was right behind my house . Since I used to go to the station , shoot my .22 rifle in the basement range , put the flag up on week-ends , I got to know many of the officers that also knew my dad . As well as sometimes sneaking a ride on the back of one of the police motorcycles from time to time.Yes , it brought back many memories , the movie itself was of course low budget , black and white , a very young Steve and refreshingly not full of sex , and tons of profanity.To Amazon , I can only say thank you , from my heart , I am now a semi-retired former police officer , on reserves , and a PhD meteorologist here in Carlsbad , New Mexico.In missing old St.Louis , the movie actually reminded me of the times as a kid , crawdad fishing and bike riding in Tower Grove park , having sat under that very pagoda in the movie when the gang members met.So , especially if your an old St. Louis resident or just want to see how it looked with the old 50 's cars , cheap gas , and a nostalgic hamburger fast food shop , I highly recommend you watch this movie
 One of the first films of the King Of Cool the Great St. Louis Bank Robbery is not a bad heist film for its low budget and being made in 1959 . Also the film is based on actual events in St. Louis with many of the police officers playing roles in the film.The story is about George Fowler -LRB- Steve McQueen -RRB- he is hired to be the getaway driver in a bank robbery by a old friend Gino -LRB- David Clarke -RRB- . He meets with the rest of the crew the methodical John Egan the boss -LRB- Crahan Denton -RRB- and Willie -LRB- James Dukas -RRB- the criminal that has past his prime and jealous of George 's importance in the robbery.Throught the film we see the preparation for the robbery and George 's involment with a past love.What I liked about this film despite it being a old film and in black and white its that its good heist film.Its cool how they prepare the heist.Timing the runs and checking for cops close to the bank.Another thing is the film feels real and the plot does n't go to extremes like some other films that we have today.Also there is a scene in the film that I especially liked was where Gino is in the bathroom shaving and George closes the door and Gino realises how small the bathroom is and claustrophobic of it reminding how jail is to locked up.Today in films criminals act like its nothing getting out of jail.The DVD is a barebones release.Nothing at all.Dont expect in the near future any special edition.But if you really like this film get because just look at the price 4 dollars.Who can beat that.A entertaining and quick film with good performances.Not a bad heist film with no happy ending for a change than most clich&eacute; films.Any Steve McQueen fans should see this to look at the start of this legend 's career .
 The Great St. Louis Bank Robbery is an exciting movie featuring a young Steve McQueen . McQueen plays George Fowler , the getaway driver for a group of three robbers attempting to rob the Southwest Bank in the city of St. Louis . The four men must watch and observe the bank to see when the officers on duty change shifts , the amount of traffic on an average day , and when and where they will make their getaway . This is an exciting movie that I picked up because Steve McQueen was in it , but I enjoyed the whole movie , not just McQueen 's performance -LRB- only a year after his first starring role in The Blob -RRB- . This is a good example of film noir also with its dark mood , interesting camera angles/shots , and not so perfect characters . Very entertaining movie as the tension rises all the way until the exciting climactic bank robbery.Steve McQueen , in his second starring role , is excellent as getaway driver , George Fowler , a naive college student who finds himself wrapped up in the world of crime . Even here in only his second major role , McQueen has already perfected the quiet , loner type . Crahan Denton plays John Egan , the emotionally fragile leader of the bunch who wants this to be his last job . David Clarke plays Gino , the ex-con who refuses to go back to prison . James Dukas stars as Willie , the member of the bunch who takes pleasure in antagonizing the rest of the gang . Molly McCarthy plays Ann , a girl George used to date who gets unwillingly involved with the heist . The DVD contains a small biography about McQueen and the standard presentation of the movie which does n't look too bad . For a surprisingly good heist movie with an excellent performance from a young Steve McQueen , check out The Great St. Louis Bank Robbery !
 `` The St. Louis Bank Robbery '' -LRB- sometimes seen as `` The Great St. Louis Bank Robbery '' -RRB- is a cheap black and white crime drama set in 1950s St. Louis , starring an extremely young Steve McQueen , who here foreshadows his greatness to come . The film opens with a title card reading `` This story is based on a true incident . Men of the Saint Louis Police Department play the same parts as they did in the actual crime . '' Having lived in the St. Louis suburbs for three years , it was interesting for me to see the old buildings and roads that are , of course , now either completely gone or radically changed.McQueen plays George Fowler , a bright collegiate young man hired to be the driver in a huge bank heist . He is recruited by Gino -LRB- David Clarke -RRB- an old friend , who also brings the love interest , Ann -LRB- Molly McCarthy , -RRB- into the mix complicating everything . I liked the way the film progressed , getting George further and further entangled in the criminal enterprise , and making it clear that crime was an ugly but seductive path . Some of the intrapersonal conflict is melodramatic , and the excessive time and dialogue during the robbery of the Southwest Bank distract from an otherwise very good effort . McQueen acquits himself well as does most of the supporting cast , especially the cold-blooded John Egan -LRB- Crahan Denton , -RRB- who is as unseemly as they come without resorting to the vulgarity or pointless sadistic violence found in most contemporary crime films.Refreshingly , the robbery goes wildly awry , and leads to a self-revelatory breakdown for McQueen , who is in way deeper than he ever imagined he would be . The moral is clearly that crime does n't pay , and the film works tirelessly and effectively toward that goal . Overall `` The St. Louis Bank Robbery '' is a good example of 1950s crime drama , and is grounded in reality far more than most crime films . Although it 's occasionally a bit slow , as it devolves to bedlam and failure it makes the point that no matter how easy you think it is to get out of a criminal life once you start , the reality is quite different -LRB- a theme that became even more popular in recent years . -RRB- For an early look at Steve McQueen and a fascinating look into the midcentury crime genre , I recommend `` The St. Louis Bank Robbery '' without hesitation .
 Having visited St. Louis several times over the years , this time-capsule shows the place before the arch when Stan Musial reigned the city . I must say I bought this DVD more out of curiosity with low expectations than rounding out my McQueen collection and then I sat mesmerized by the noir-ish feel of this building surprising caper movie . This nugget falls into the Asphalt Jungle type of drama , which is very high company . Some of the reviewers did not catch this because of its subtle resemblance . In other words as you are in with the hoods and their caper , you begin to experience the danger of involvement with `` associates '' you do n't really know . Like in `` Asphalt '' , the tension builds as the character flaws of the participants unravel before your eyes . The cover artwork captures the Peckinpah -LRB- `` Getaway '' -RRB- look to McQueen . This does not disappoint . Although this seems low-budget , the script is brilliant from beginning to end . McQueen , surprisingly has all his chops . Hot-headed , moody , conceited -LRB- put-on -RRB- and romantic . The `` unknown '' character actors keep it real . The boss , `` John Egan '' , -LRB- Crahan Denton -RRB- brings loads of experience to his dark persona as the hardened boss . Then we meet McQueen 's buddy , Gino -LRB- David Clarke -RRB- not sharply-drawn , his sister -LRB- played well by a Shirley Maclaine-type -RRB- in all her scenes , and the sociopathic sickie -LRB- James Ducan -RRB- rounds out this thrown-together gang.This movie should be seen by any teenager today who does not know what you mean by being careful about whom you associate . The screenwriter was certainly aware of Theordore Dreiser 's work on the American Dream and brings this film to its surprising climax with tremendous impact , utilizing even true participants in this robbery . The robbery here is two-fold , the bank job and a squandered American Dream . The only reason it did not deserve 5 stars in my opinion was the locale-lighting did not measure up to the script that was just a hair away from Kubrick quality . I would also venture that this seldom-seen gem is ripe for a make-over by a Quentin Tarantino . You can see by this movie how McQueen shot into `` Wanted-Dead or Alive '' so quickly . An overlooked gem .
 I do n't know if it is or not but it certainly gives everyone a goodlook at what will come for McQueen in the big movies later on .
 The first time I watched the Great St. Louis Bank Robbery I did n't know what to expect . I had never heard of the historic events that form the basis of the movie , and frankly I had never heard of this movie either.This movie feels more like a play or graphic novel . There are no fancy stunts or even fancy camera work . It 's a simple story about a disastrous set of decisions that leads to a lousy day in St. Louis.As for acting , well , the actors over reach and clearly Steve McQueen was still developing his cool guy persona . What makes this movie compelling is the downward spiral of Steve McQueen 's character -LRB- and the weird `` time capsule '' feel the movie projects to modern audiences -RRB- . In this movie , McQueen could project tough , but cool ... not so much.In keeping with the low budget feel of the movie , the transfer to DVD is low budget too . Do n't bother placing this on a high def TV . An old analog TV is this movie 's proper home .
 I must say I found the movie to be much more interesting than the other reviewers . If your a fan of Mid - Century Crime movies such as `` Odds Against Tomorrow '' you will like this one . Characters range from psyco to sordid and sad . I 'm not familiar with the director or the other actors besides McQueen , but the performaces are complex and outstanding . Cinematography is reminiscient of old `` Highway Patrol '' TV series . Recurring rockabilly song heard in background on car radio , jukebox , etc. . Interesting look at 1950 's St. Louis . One daring and creepy aspect of the movie is the homosexuality of the dominant , psyco leader of the group , John Egan . He and Willie 's relationship is alluded to as beginning in prison , and Egan holds his attraction to the McQueen character as a threat over Willie 's head , which leads to Willie 's animosity toward McQueen , who seems to start to catch on to it at the end . McQueen 's girlfriend 's realization of Egan 's homosexual attraction to McQueen on a fire escape with Egan leads to her downfall .
 Perhaps this film was a little corny . Maybe it has a sorta low budget look . I 'll even admit that some of the character 's , such as Ann , are not very convincing . But Dammit , it 's funny ! For instance , Willy . He 's not a criminal , he 's mentally handicapped . In 1960 this may have been Action , but 40 years later it 's a Four Star Comedy in my eyes . Now go take a bath Willy !
 This documentary is exactly what it purports to be
 This kids loves this DVD , they watch it all day everyday . They stay quiet and content , makes for a happy mom .
 Having 3 girls I feel like my life has been filled with Barney for the last 10 years ... but I really do n't mind . His classic `` I Love You '' song will guarantee me some hugs and kisses each time without fail . Got ta love that!There are 3 episodes in this compilation - 2 we have n't seen before and 1 from when my oldest daughter was a baby . Each one talked about the importance of friendship and being nice to one another.Kaila really enjoyed this DVD like she does all the other Barney television episodes . The message of friendship is very important for kids who are just starting pre-school and Barney makes it fun to learn and use your imagination . Barney
 Okay . Yes , I did take a chance on this `` sleeper '' because of the names attached . ie . Tarnatino and Roger Avery -LRB- the co-everything of ` Pulp Fiction ' -RRB- . I was not disappointed . The acting , the direction , the story
 I love this film with all it 's humor & drama . One of the best films Stoltz have made .
 Eric Stolz is invited to be the safe-cracking specialist for a bank heistin Paris , doomed from the start . Jean-Hugues Anglade is the ringleader ofa chaotic gang of bankrobbers-for-one-day . Julie Delpy , appearing divineas always , is the hooker that Eric orders right after landing.This movie has `` cult classic '' written all over it , and after more than adecade it has lost none of its acuteness in portraying a generation thatdoes n't even care about being desperately lost . Abundant drugs permeatethe story , but drugs alone ca n't fully account for everybody 's apathy.If you want to watch a quality film for a change , settle for this dvdand immerse yourself in its atmosphere , its snippets of authentic Frenchdialogue , and its palpable nihilism . Great soundtrack , too .
 First off I hate Eric Stoltz . I think he is a bad actor and has a horrible movie voice . He irritates me to be honest . That being said he is at the top of his limited game in this movie.It is a very simple tale with a very simple setting . The whole French crew and their gregarious lifestyles and generally crazy demeanor is what makes this movie pretty good . These people live life to the fullest and are fun to watch onscreen . Delpy is great as usual , but I do not understand her attraction to Stoltz who is a dolt and largely uninterested in her on a deeper level it seems.Worth a watch . It is not stylish violence though like a Tarentino movie . It is gritty and grimy .
 Keep in mind that this is not your typical bank robbery/get-a-way film . This film use the bank heist theme to mask its intense portrayal of the dark side of the modern French society . It is a pleasant surprise for me to see this type of film . It has good acting , good story , and good cinematography . What more can you ask for?As for the prior reviewers ' complain of lack of character development . I say nuts . Must every movie have detailed character background ? If you want one , go read a book . A good movie does not require obvious character background . A good movie will have such information hidden inside . A good movie will implore movie-goers to think and explore themselves.Anyway , I love this movie . It is one of those movie that you can discuss with your friends about . It is one of those movies that you are not likely to forget .
 This bold and sexy crime thriller reminds me of the raw script and visuals of `` Natural Born Killers '' . Though you may squirm in your seats -LRB- or opt to pace the room -RRB- while you watch this unnerving drama , it is a sober reminder that there are people out there that have no respect for life and limb . Eric Stoltz , Jean-Hugues Anglade and Julie Delpy -LRB- as Zoe -RRB- are awesome . The title does no justice to this film ... though Zoe is the thread that keeps it alive ... emotional ... entrancing ... and sexy . It is raw and unsettling . I first saw this on cable . I bought the DVD and the picture quality and sound was enhanced 200 % . I hate to give away storylines ... just as much as I hate to read about storylines before I watch a flick . So I wo n't . If you like crime films ... flims that set the stage for the perfect crime and follow through with those plans to the very finish ... `` Killing Zoe '' is for you . It 's definitely a killer . Do n't rent it ... BUY IT ! You 'll watch it over and over again .
 Roger Avary is the true talent behind Quentin Tarantino -LRB- at least according to NBK producer Jane Hamsher -RRB- and his first solo job is impressive , if a bit slow . The main heist doesn &#65533; t really get going until the halfway point . But it &#65533; s really a character study , anyway.Zed -LRB- Eric Stoltz -RRB- is called by Parisian buddy Eric -LRB- Jean-Hugues Anglade -RRB- to help him break into a reserve bank vault on Bastille Day , one of the few banks open on that day.Zed falls for a student/escort supplied to him through a cab driver , takes several recreational drugs with Eric and his friends -LRB- including Spandau Ballet &#65533; s Gary Kemp -RRB- , and wakes up the next morning , not quite ready for the job . The job keeps Zed downstairs surrounded by the noise of the drill , so he never notices that things go very wrong.And who happens to have a part-time job at the bank?Avary is quoted as saying that producer Lawrence Bender -LRB- Pulp Fiction -RRB- called him up and said he had a bank set free for a few weeks , did he have a script involving a bank he wanted to film ? Avary said yes , he did . Then he wrote one ... this.Comparisons to Reservoir Dogs are inescapable -LRB- even on the video box -RRB- , but the two films are very different , although similarly dark in tone . I think this one is actually better .
 This is one of the best movies I have ever seen . I have seen all those movies written , produced , or directed by Tarantino and they are all great . However , I am impressed with this one the most . It is definitely the best bank robbery film ever made . There are some very shocking scenes that are totally awesome . check it out
 Killing Zoe can be compared to Reservoir Dogs or Pulp Fiction ... but , after a second view of the film , I realized that I had been wrong . It is different from Pulp Fiction in the way that it keeps itself serious , and after all , that 's a very good thing , because it does n't have all the pretention to put crude vulgarity and violence with such a commercial touch of humor . Pulp Fiction makes violence look cool , with all the seventies ' look and stupid jokes . But Killing Zoe is realistic ... `` spoilers warning '' There is that strong and intense scene of drug abuse , which shows the exact pictures of a bad trip . The violence is more intense , and more horrible , which gives a sense to the film where a Tarantino film could never go . I admit that Pulp Fiction and Reservoir Dogs had more development of various characters , but Killing Zoe is focussing on one particular guy , and that guy is more interesting than any character in a Tarantino movie . In my first view of the film , I thought it was absolutely stupid that Zoe was not so important in the story , because the title says `` Killing Zoe '' ... that 's not an appropriate title , but if you read this before watching the film , do n't follow Zoe 's character , follow Eric 's . The acting is awesome , especially from Jean-Hugues Anglade , who plays the maniac junkie who does n't care about anything , and who 's ready to die anytime . I would even say he 's a touching character . And the scene where he dies is just perfect , and beautiful , it 's a magical piece of acting from Mr.Anglade . Every scene of the film is intense , and was made with care and originality . The tragedy and the insanity is really there , and you can feel it very well . The directing is great , and the mood is awesome ! If you liked this and you are from Quebec , see Quiconque Meurt , Meurt &Agrave; Douleur ... Killing Zoe is very good .
 Killing Zoe is an interesting movie with some great lines in it . For example an American tourist goes to the bank robbers and says you would be speaking German if it were n't for us ! right before he gets shot in the face . But the movie is predictable but is an overall enjoyable movie to watch .
 Killing ZoeMy boyfriend recommended this for me to watch & I thought it was rather brutal but I liked the story line & the actors were also great . Very well paced & I cared for the 2 main characters . Since it 's release it 's become 1 of me & my bf 's fave flicks . I would highly recommend this to Tarantino/Rodriguez fans . It 's 1 of their earlier works but it has a charm all it 's own . >:-RRB- ~
 It should be put in the Tarantino 's movies since he wrote the story , it 's a great movie even if it 's a bit old .
 I do n't see how anyone could write a bad review for this film . Although it comes from the same group of Tarentino-related film-makers , it has a much more different tone . Somewhat noire and extremely bizarre . The violence is extreme , hardcore and almost constant throughout the film.I wish it was not advertised so closely to Pulp Fiction and Reservoir Dogs because it 's a totally different animal . It 's a hardcore rush from start to end . Whereas , Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction have slower paces and a totally different style . Reservoir Dogs plays out more like a play than a movie and both films bounce around in the timelines of the film . Killing Zoe on the other hand is a high-octane wild ride that makes itself clear from the start . Stoltz 's character arrives in Paris , meets the hooker , then head out for a crazy night of heroin and debauchery with his psychotic friend . He dozes off and semi-wakes up to his French counterpart anal raping some other guy ? Nuts.From then on out the whole movie is in the bank and nothing but mayhem . It 's frenzied and beautiful and when it 's over you feel like you 've just gotten a shot of adrenaline that 'll take a little while to wear off . A one of a kind film that unfortunately got clumped together with the whole Tarentino hype . Now , I love Tarentino 's films , but I think this one should get credit on it 's own for being completely independent . Just like I feel True Romance should be more closely connected to Tarentino because , in my opinion , that is his best work .
 Altough this is a great movie ... Artisan SUCKS !!! The backcover says ENGLISH AND FRENCH WITH ENGLISH SUBTITLES . That 's not true . Subtitles are invisible , if you wan na know . I bought it , thinking in a hearing impaired person , but what a surprise ! Subtitles are n't included .
 See this film if you like dark , seedy , in your face drama , action films . All the acting is superb . Eric Stolz is acutally the worst acting in the film . His supporting cast makes up for it .
 This is a bank heist movie . You know , there 's a safecracker , blueprints , a plan . Problem is the gang doing the heist is made up of assorted druggies and wackos . Wackiest of all is the gang leader , Eric -LRB- Jean-Hughes Anglade -RRB- . Anglade put about 200 % into this role.Injected into the robbery is Zed -LRB- Eric Stoltz -RRB- , Eric 's childhood friend . Apparently they were close , but they have n't seen each other in eleven years . Eric lives in Paris and he invites his American safecracking buddy to France for the big job . If the story seems to be thin , that 's because it is.Zed comes off as the `` good bad guy '' so adored by script writers . That is , he winches at random violence , but does n't mind robbing a bank . In the film 's beginning he hires Zoe , a prostitute . Turns out she is also an aspiring artist/part-time bank employee . She is very convincingly portrayed by Julie Delpy . The Zed-Zoe connection is at the heart of the matter.I found the film to be highly entertaining . It builds to a powerful conclusion . There 's a lot that is over the top and wildly improbable . But it still works .
 This movie is better than Pulp Fiction . That is a bold statement but Avary is undoubtably one of the best writer \ directors around . This movie draws you in completely and makes you want to rob banks . I can personally say that it led to my arrest for attempted auto theft . That being said , do n't be scared . Rent or buy this movie immediately and you 'll see what I mean .
 I do n`t have the words to describe this movie.I am only 14 years , old.Now is 1999 . I have seen the movie a few days ago , and I am still under its spell . I think it was the best thing ever made.EVER . I live in Bosnia , Sarajevo . Unfortunately , I ca n`t even buy this movie , and I am going to regret it for LIFE .
 I really loved this movie but I ca n't quite figure out why the men in these films are always so whipped and so weak . I mean if you eliminate Julie Delpy 's character from this movie then you might have a much more interesting outcome.How about Eric Stoltz 's character gets really into drugs and does n't fall for stupid Julie cuz she is not even in the movie . Then he and the french guy make a run for it at the end after they have robbed the bank . They kill everyone and get away and then move to some country where they do drugs all the time.You see , then they would be real criminals.These movies always give someone who is essentially a criminal a cheap way out . I mean if he 's gon na rob the bank he should not be saved just because of some lousy blonde mousy chick who works at the bank . Another killer with a conscience ... it just does n't play well with meIn real life everyone probably would have been killed . I just hate yucky love scenes between icky sweet characters who have just killed like ten people and they are covered in gore and it 's all , `` Oh darling , I just love you so much !! ` Ugh it 's enough to make a man hurl.Other than that I think this movie is great.TRUE ROMANCE is much more realistic for a good criminal ROMANCE picture . This movie works completely because the french guys performance is so over the top and crazy .
 Cool flick that distorts some of the usual action-flick macho-isms with a nice frosted layer of drugs , heroin , aids and dixieland jazz . The driving through Paris scene is enough ! Very cool . Notice the sleepy euro techno track underneath it all ; pretty sophisticated slice of sound . A somewhat oversimplified ending ... but this movie has cartoon qualities that work nice for what it is . I love the actress that plays the bankteller ... she is my dreamgirl from Paris .
 Do n't listen to Leonard Maltin -- a stooge for the Disney Company . This movie surpasses some Tarantino movies with it 's nihilistic anti-hero , Eric , who can engender laughs and revulsion at the same time . Plus , if the French have not made Julie Delpy into a national treasure , it shows that they have not learned anything since they guillotined all of the smart people in 1796 .
 It 's easy to discuss ` Killing Zoe 's problems ; they are , after all , plentiful and in clear view . It 's hard to deny , though , that it 's an incredibly entertaining movie . It 's important not to be misled by the treacherous phrase ` from the creators of Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction ' ; Killing Zoe was directed by Roger Avary , who may has a co-writer 's credit on Pulp Fiction but his part in it was quite small ; in Reservoir Dogs all his actually did was write the radio dialogue that runs in the background . Quentin Tarantino was executive producer , but clearly had no influence on the creative side of the movie . The presence of Tarantino 's name on the Killing Zoe DVD is a double-ended sword ; on the one hand , it 's what made me notice it and pick it up in the first place , and I 'm sure it helped a lot in the film 's sales when it was first released . On the other , it inevitably creates some high expectations , and these can hinder your enjoyment from the movie , as they did mine . Because while Killing Zoe shares with Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction some themes of crime , drugs , sex and honor among thieves , it shares none of Tarantino 's witty , sarcastic edge and cultural awareness.If , however , you remember to steer clear of these expectations - and if you like this kind of movie , of course - then you 're bound to enjoy Killing Zoe . It 's a fast-paced , entertaining crime story with lots of violence , some sense of humor , some sex and a lot of atmosphere . Very good performances are also given by the beautiful Julie Delpy -LRB- `` the prostitute with a heart of gold '' -RRB- and Jean-Hugues Anglade -LRB- `` the psychopathic sadist '' -RRB- , who plays one of the coolest villains of the 90 's -LRB- who 's more than a bit similar to Gary Oldman 's fantastic Agent Stansfield from ` Leon ' -RRB- , and these two almost make up for the unimpressive leading man we have in Eric Stoltz - who , though he made a fine career for himself playing small character roles in fantastic films from Pulp Fiction to Singles , had not proven himself as a capable lead since his breakthrough performance as a disfigured boy in Mask - who plays a rather unlikable and uninteresting hero.Killing Zoe is a featherweight film with absolutely no depth to the story or characters , that generally likes waving around the sex and violence for the sake of sex and violence , which are sometimes unnecessarily excessive -LRB- like the far too long sex scene at the beginning , or the gory image of the dying man near the end -RRB- ; it 's not a very intelligent crime movie , and it wo n't stick with you , but it 's great entertainment , with fantastic atmosphere , and for any fan of the genre - one who is not easily offended -LRB- and you 'll be amazed at how dirty a dirty joke sounds in French even if you do n't understand one word -RRB- - it 's well worth seeing . Keep your expectations low , and you 'll have lots of fun .
 I thouroughly enjoyed this film mainly because it is itensly raw or even ` pulp ' . Hmmm I wonder why . For taking place in France -LRB- though it was filmed in Cali . -RRB- on Bastille Day and the never-boring heist genre I definately recommend it . I have ONE question though . Whats on the cover in his hand . In the movie he walks towards the screen and flicks something and it makes a small explosion . Is it a cigarette or is it a heroine-related hallucinations . It 's as if Avary , Stoltz , Bender , and Tarantino are throwing a riddle in our faces . It reminds me of whats in the suitcase in Pulp Fiction . All-in-all , a great film .
 You guys are nuts . Killing Zoe may not be the bank robbery film that Heat is , but it has many more aspects to it , namely gratuitous sex , drugs , and violence . Yes , the bathroom scene is a little much , and the movie is unrealistic . But if you 're going to movies to experience realism , what 's the point ? Just walk outside . Killing Zoe is a perfect distraction for any of you out there who , like me , are to entrenched in reality to fly to Europe and take heroin for the first time the night before a bank robbery you did n't plan for at all . I 'm personally insulted by the stupidity that would be necessary to call this movie predictable , simply because I did n't anticipate it was possible for such a level of it to exist and I hate it when I realize that dumb people still have the capability of suprising me . This movie is a classic .
 I 'm giving this film 5 stars despite some small things some folks would consider flaws in the film . I am still giving it 5 stars because it happens to be a film I keep watching over and over again , and I never get tired of a single scene in the whole flick.Jean-Hughes Anglade and Eric Stoltz are perfect together as old childhood friends out to rob a Federal bank in France on Bastille Day.Here are the reasons why I love this movie . It really has a lot packed into it . It has a ton of humor , though much of it is dark humor . The extended drug use scene and tour of Paris must be about as close as you can come to honestly portraying being high on film . The pace of the action never slows down , and each scene consistently draws me in . There are a whole bunch of little original ideas and surprises thrown in that makes the film always interesting.Memorable moments
 If you the kind of movie watcher who is in to fastpaced get to the action films like True Romance , Pulp Fiction , or Reservoir Dogs you 'll love KillingZoe.A Tarantino style but Avary co writer of PulpFiction did great with the writing and directing ofthis.Eric Stoltz gives a stellar performance as Zedthe ex con american safecracker , and Jean Hughes alsogives a great performance as Eric the violent , andcareless freind of Zed.Filled with graphically violentaction , fast profane dialogue , and great charactors KillingZoe is an all around great movie .
 Killing Zoe is one of the best , if not the best bank robbing movies ever ! There are many memorable lines , and characters . ... Julie Delpy is an absolute hottie ! It sure helps out when she can speak french . Oh la la . About half the dialogue is in French which helps you get into the movie as well as the characters . -LRB- believe it or not . -RRB- The movie is made by the same people who `` brought you '' pulp fiction and resevoir dogs . But you know what , that should n't be the only reason to pick up this dvd , c'mon man , the movie is just so entertaining . The movie is on the same level as resevoir dogs and pulp fiction , if not better . -LRB- It was n't directed by Tarrentino -RRB- . All the characters in the movie are fun to watch . Each character has at least one line they say that you probably will be repeating tomorrow . Great writing often makes great movies . And great writing is what this movie has . Killing Zoe just oozes out that coolness . The DVD has no deleted scenes , out takes or any of that extra stuff really , but this movie is still a definite must own .
 This has been a long-time favorite movie of mine ... it 's visual style and frantic pace provide a good movie experience without ever going over the top and becoming completely unbelievable . While never becoming completely detached from reality , the movie does provide some euphoric moments ... dream-like sex scenes , and drug-induced trance sequences set the mood for the bank robbery that the story revolves around . Comparisons to Tarntino could also be made , as Killing Zoe shares much of his gritty realistic view of criminals and the environment they live in . Highly recommended ; for the price this is a must-own DVD .
 I like this way better than `` Resevoir Dogs '' . Eric Stoltz is quite good as an American who travels to Paris for a Bastille Day bank heist . Jean Hughes Anglade is phenomenal as his drug-addled friend . The first half works best but still terrific as a whole . Excellent anamorphic widescreen DVD transfer .
 All those who think it 's just another Tarantino rip-off should know that both directors worked together in the same video store before making it big , were co-writers on Pulp Fiction and basically have helped each other out on several projects . It 's just that Tarantino made his name first that everyone assumes Avary 's work is copying it . Not true . This movie is amazing ! The acting is superb - Jean-Hughes Anglade gives the most charismatic performance I 've ever seen . It 's shot brilliantly starting with neutral shades , to the blue night club scene and finally descending into the red bank scenes that symbolize Eric 's own demented and violent mind . Been scapegoated for Hollywood 's violence , really no more than tons of other flicks - I think the violence embedded in Eric 's mind is what makes it seem so disturbing , not the actual physical violence . Julie Delpy and Eric Stoltz also give maybe their best performances to date . See this many times !!!
 Some ultra-vi movies , like `` Reservoir Dogs '' and `` True Romance , '' have little to commend them because the vi is the be-all and end-all . `` Killing Zoe '' brackets the violence with humor and mania , resulting in a very interesting movie . Eric Stoltz plays Zed , a US safecracker just arrived in Paris for a big job with his former school buddy Eric -LRB- Jean-Hugues Anglade -RRB- . He has the concierge at his hotel send up a prostitute -LRB- the very appealing Julie Delpy -RRB- and they get it on tenderly , falling in love . A cliche , but nicely done . The second third is a drug binge before the big job , vaguely psychedelic and reminiscent of the New Orleans cemetary acid scene in `` Easy Rider , '' but better done . The last and most satisfying part is the bank heist gone awry -- like `` Dog Day Afternoon '' on speed and minus the humor , but with lots more blood . The redeeming feature is the world-beating performance of Anglade as Eric , played with manic energy , dementia and irony as things go from bad to worse . He alone is worth the price of admission , though he gets plenty of help from fine performances by Stoltz and Delpy . Look for Gary Kemp , who played Fat Ron in `` The Krays , '' as one of the bank robbers . Definitely worthwhile .
 I was drawn to see this because Roger Avary was the man who came up with the idea for `` The Gold Watch '' segment in my favorite movie `` Pulp Fiction '' . I was curious to see how Roger Avary was when he worked by himself . `` Killing Zoe '' was his directorial debut and like almost any debut , it has its flaws . It 's not a bad movie though and it 's a pretty interesting movie , but dialouge over story is truly Avary 's strong suit . I hate to compare anybody 's dialouge -LRB- except Elmore Leonard in his books -RRB- to Quentin Tarantino 's , but to make a point I must . Avary 's dialouge flows like Tarantino 's and it 's filled with wit and humor . I laughed aloud at a couple parts , like the cat & `` I ca n't do pee on you for 200 bucks . '' The first time I watched it , I wondered to myself how one of the characters in this movie could feel emotion for the person that she helps at the end after what is done to her . I do n't want to say much more than that for fear of ruining the movie ... But in the first few scenes between these two , it 's obvious . Anyway , `` Killing Zoe '' begins in a cab with Zed -LRB- Eric Stoltz , who 's very good here -RRB- , an American in France , who 's on his way to a motel . When Zed gets to the motel , he takes a shower and a prosititute shows up at his house . This prostitute is Zoe -LRB- Julie Delpy of `` Before Sunset '' -RRB- , an art student . In a great scene , Zoe and Zed have a conversation -LRB- after sex -RRB- about why they like each other . Then , Zed 's friend Eric -LRB- Jean-Hughes Anglade -RRB- shows up and tosses Zoe , naked , out of the motel . Zed does nothing , but goes with Eric to his place where they begin to map out a bank robberty that 's to happen tomorrow on Bastille Day -LRB- which I 've never heard of except in the song by Rush -RRB- . The bank will be the only one that 's open , Zed will crack the safe . Problem is , Zed is not a bad man by any standard . He 's a crook , but he 's not a bad man . Eric is a bad man , he 's also a drug fiend and that 's not a good combination . Anyway , Eric and Zed , and a bunch of other guys go the bank the next day -LRB- they do n't get to the bank until like 45 minutes into the movie -RRB- and preceed to rob it , but -LRB- as in all bank heist movies -RRB- things do n't go their way and the cops are outside . Also , Zoe happens to work there ... That 's all I 'm going to say about the synopsis.Anyways , one thing Avary does in this movie really well -LRB- besides dialouge -RRB- ishe paces the film well . In a lot of movies , the pacing is boring and obvious . The only other director I can think of that can use a lot of pacing is Stanley Kubrick , most notably in `` Eyes Wide Shut '' . Avary is n't using the pacing just to have some story leading up to the bank robbery , he 's building the tension . Problem is , there were a few times when the pacing did get boring . Like in the scene where they 're driving down the street and yelling at prosititutes . Pointless ... But , this is a good movie and a good first feature . Stoltz , Anglade , and Delpy are all very good and Roger Avary proves that he 's a worthy director.DIALOUGE
 Eric Stoltz is a safe-cracker from America who teams up with a childhood friend and his sadistic crew of French heroin-addict bank robbers to take down a Federal Reserve in the heart of Paris . Things go violenty wrong -LRB- as is usually the case in `` heist '' films -RRB- when said friend goes berserk . Outrageously violent and filled with dark humor , `` Killing Zoe '' is like `` Reservoir Dogs '' on speed-balls . In fact , Quentin Tarantino executive-produced this one along with `` Dogs '' producer Lawrence Bender . While the movie is not classified as a foreign film , a good portion of it is spoken in French with English subtitles .
 The Dark Side of putting customer reviews on Amazon
 `` Killing Zoe '' has to be one the most violent films , but oddly my favorite . Its the story of an American safecracker who gets out of prison and travels to Paris to rob a bank with his French friend , Eric . There he meets a prostitute named Zoe who happens to work at the bank they rob . The robbery is one of the most bloody in movie history with them gunning down anyone that gets in the way . At first I was uncomfortable with that but the story unfolds in a way that is so compelling you ca n't stop watching . Jean-Hughes Anglade was incredible in his portrayal of the evil Aids stricken Eric with no respect for human life . Eric is probably the most interesting character in the film . He 's so ruthless and convincing that he 's the one thing that makes this movie so great.There are also funny moments like the Billy Holiday albums , their night at the jazz club , the Viking movies and the little monkey . The movie is bizarre at times but its definitely unique.All in all , its a great film that I watch over and over again .
 The thing is , you can either relate to the story and the characters , or you do n't . It explores some dark , dark places in the human psyche that most people do not want to witness . Jean-Huges Anglade 's Eric is engaging . He is a psychotic , a man with who knows what neurosis or psychosis , the knowledge that he is dying of AIDS , a hopeless heroin addict . This is his downfall in actually being able to pull off his role as ring-master in the bank heist . Eric Stoltz 's character reminded me a little of his character Lance , in Pulp . He is definitely living in the underworld and yet shows abilities for compassion and maybe even love , the anti-hero of this film . There should have been more development of his character as I would have liked to been able to enjoy the complexity of his role.I agree that character development was lacking . I agree that the movie dragged some , especially in the beginning . I also heard more clever lines in Pulp . However , the use of camera , color , location , set up the backdrop of this film with much symbolism , helping to convey this film-noir 's aspects.Once the heist went down , I was along side them , every step of the way . I had to see how it was all going to play out in the end . I wanted to see Stoltz walk away in the end and `` get the girl '' . You will appreciate this movie for what it is , and forgive it for what it is n't . That is of course , you liked it . I did .
 THis is a GREAT movie . The imagery , and themes of alienation , and loss of control are just amazing . If you are not scared by a lot of violence , and ready to put yourself into a world that is scarier than most horror movies , Definatly go for this movie . It is worth every penny.But rent it first , because if you do n't love it , you 'll probally hate it .
 This movie has it all . Most movies I think of as `` check your brain at the door '' but , this movie was thought provoking and thrilling at the same time . It has action , drama , comedy , and believe it or not animation . This movie is well worth checking out and it deserves to be available on DVD . Let this movie be a wake up call to all the `` cookie cutter '' movie directors and producers .
 This early Tarentino Flic has all the elements of a great Tarentino action Movie . We start the movie with Eric Stolts , the American in France , has come to pull of a hiest with his French friend . There 's lots of killing , guns , romance and intreague . If you like Tarentino movies , or just love an amazing action movie , this is a must buy .
 I felt like I was in the movie . It gave me insight in to the world of drugs and crime and it is a bad bad place . * Spellbinding *
 probably my favorite film that no-one 's ever seen.very likable , albeit violent characters , great look , and moves much faster than pulp fiction , in fact , it 's a shame quentin tarentino is even associated with it . reminds me of ` love & a .45 ' , another great film . both films share genius D.P. tom richmond . see it , buy it .
 People are complaining about this movie because it was n't `` thought provoking '' . Like so many other people , I enjoy watching films that stimulate my mind , and actually give me some type of knowledge by the end . But everyonce in awhile , I like to watch nothing but pure , simple violence and sex ... this movie provided just that . If you have n't seen it yet , and you 've read the reviews , you already know the basic plot . See it anyway if you like alot of senseless violence , blood , drug use , demented humor and Julie Delphy nake . This movie is junk food for your head , and everyone likes junk food everyonce in awhile ... unless you 're a complete tighta $ $ . Good ACTION movie , it also has a unique soundtrack
 Being a fan of Patrick McGoohan , I was aware of this film long ago , and have only been able to enjoy it through old taped copies . When I saw it appear on DVD , I was delighted . However , the `` if it 's too good to be true ... '' theory validated my skeptism when I saw that this particular version was formatted in color - as Amazon 's description indicated . There are two exact DVD 's of this movie available through Amazon . I could n't differentiate between the two according to the product descriptions , so of course I went for the one that was supposed to the color version . I guess it was referring to the on-screen menus , but I hope not because that would be purposely deceptive . I 'm hoping Amazon 's format description was simply an error .
 One of things I love about eating in fancy restaurants is the beautiful , intricate , elegant napkin folded on your plate or in your goblet . I have never been able to `` make '' anything but Chef Ted has helped show me how to make those delightfully breathtaking napkins in my own home , with my own napkins -LRB- even paper ones -RRB- and my table is now the envy of all my friends . Some are so simple even my kids can do them for special occasions . You will absolutely love this video . You can rewind and watch a section again if there is a tricky spot , but I do n't think you will need to . Chef Ted really does make it easy .
 I 've always found those neat napkin folds like you find on your table on a cruise ship to be so elegant . I 've tried to learn some of them and you just forget and get confused on some of the folds and the directions I 've read in books and their little line drawings take a lot of trial and error to figure out . This video makes it easy and he shows some that I 've always wanted to do like the BOOT . He shows you from two different angles each fold from beginning to end . Not only the normal fans that you see all the time but also that cute little boot and the Baby . I also loved the bird of paradise . These are the ones you forget so easily and are hard to follow in a book . Some are also great for picnics or little kids parties . PS . He also shows you toothpick type table conversation tricks . Their good for a laugh . Gets things going at those dead moments at dinner . Great Video
 Definitely helped me make some really nice napkins for the table . Wish it had some other info on decorating setting . Basically just how to make nice napkins but easy to follow and understand . Made even some tuff napkin folds easy to follow . I would recomend for your referance any time .
 A fun movie that lets you escape from your own reality . I adore this movie and the cast is amazing . This is the best Alice I have seen .
 This serial movie , both disks , volumes 1 and 2 , are absolutely entertaining and well worth watching.Smilin ' Jack Martin is a barn storming , old style action aviator whose love of flying is only surpassed by his love of adventure . In ` The Adventures of Smilin ' Jack ' , Jack Martin encounters a centuries old secret that could help defeat the Japanese takeover of China . The secret is a hidden mountain path connecting China and India that would allow the resupply of China from India . Jack 's adversary in the race to discover the secret passage over the mountains is the ruthless Fraulein Von Teufel , a Nazi spymaster from Hitler 's war machine . The secret pass would provide a safe trade route for the Chinese , but the ancient people that protect it are not willing to give up their secret so easily . To defeat Smilin ' Jack , the bloodthirsty Fraulein Von Teufel dispatches her Black Samurai to murder him and seize the passage . The Black Samurai are trained killers , dedicated to their cause and relentless in their attacks , using tricks , torture , and cunning in their attempts to kill Jack and his plans for opening the secret route.Despite its dated and politically incorrect use of caucasians to play the parts of many asian characters , notably the performance by Sidney Toler -LRB- of Charlie Chan fame -RRB- , this is an adventure with continuous action and a cliffhanger that caps every 22-24 minute episode of this thirteen chapter serial .
 One of the better Universal serials . Ranks high with Flash Gordon -LRB- 1936 -RRB- and Tim Tyler 's Luck -LRB- c. 1938 -RRB- for the best serials made at Universal . Selection of Tom Brown to play Zach Moseley 's Smilin ' Jack was great casting . Brown plays Jack to perfection . As one who read the comic strip during the 40 's and 50 's I pictured Jack as closely as possible to Brown 's portrayal . Jack is in China trying to prevent an Axis agent Fraulein Von Teufel from taking over the island of Mandon . With the help of two friends , Janet and Tommy , Jack is able to destroy the Axis plans . The highlight of this serial is the ending to Chapter 12 . To prove that he is an honorable person , Jack has to walk barefoot over a bed of hot coals . He is taught by a Chinese friend how to do this without harm . This serial is full of action and adventure . There is also a mystery as Jack tries to find out who Frauline Von Teufel is . Look for Sidney Tolar -LRB- Charlie Chan -RRB- playing a Chinese general .
 This serial movie , both disks , volumes 1 and 2 , are absolutely entertaining and well worth watching.Smilin ' Jack Martin is a barn storming , old style action aviator whose love of flying is only surpassed by his love of adventure . In ` The Adventures of Smilin ' Jack ' , Jack Martin encounters a centuries old secret that could help defeat the Japanese takeover of China . The secret is a hidden mountain path connecting China and India that would allow the resupply of China from India . Jack 's adversary in the race to discover the secret passage over the mountains is the ruthless Fraulein Von Teufel , a Nazi spymaster from Hitler 's war machine . The secret pass would provide a safe trade route for the Chinese , but the ancient people that protect it are not willing to give up their secret so easily . To defeat Smilin ' Jack , the bloodthirsty Fraulein Von Teufel dispatches her Black Samurai to murder him and seize the passage . The Black Samurai are trained killers , dedicated to their cause and relentless in their attacks , using tricks , torture , and cunning in their attempts to kill Jack and his plans for opening the secret route.Despite its dated and politically incorrect use of caucasians to play the parts of many asian characters , notably the performance by Sidney Toler -LRB- of Charlie Chan fame -RRB- , this is an adventure with continuous action and a cliffhanger that caps every 22-24 minute episode of this thirteen chapter serial .
 This was from Zack Mosley 's popular comic strip , one of many tuned into a serial , and long thought to be lost . Jack Martin is a daredevil pilot who gets involved in Far Eastern intrigue just before Pearl Harbor . As played by Tom Brown -LRB- 1913-1990 -RRB- Jack no longer has his pencil-thin moustache and seems younger , but Brown does a commendable job here.This is a very good cast . Perhaps the most interesting casting is Sidney Toler and the great Keye Luke -LRB- `` Secret Agent X-9 , '' 1945 -RRB- , who played Charlie Chan and his number One Son in numerous movies . Toler was concurrently playing Chan while appearing in this film as General Kai Ling . Luke plays Captain Wing , who assists the general and bails Smilin ' Jack out of many predicaments . Marjorie Lord , later known for her role on TV 's `` Make Room For Daddy , '' also helps Jack in his endeavors as Janet Thompson.Rose Hobart is excellent at playing the evil Fraulein von Teufel off against her alter ego Rose Franklin , whom no one suspects . Just as convincing is her agent Kageyama , played by the ultra suave Turhan Bey . The sniping between the German and the Japanese agent is rather humorous . Cyril Delavant almost steals the show as Mah Ling , the Chinese provincial governor whom both sides are trying to entice into revealing a vital wartime secret . He even plays a double role with a small segment as a Japanese agent who will pretend to be him . Mah Ling 's loyal servent Wu Tan is played by long-time Asian actor Philip Ahn , and his role grows in importance as the plot progresses.The plot seems to be more intelligent and well thought-out than is the case with many serials . There are some great and unexpected twists and turns , getting one more emotionally involved than normal with a serial . There 's some pretty good archival footage taken early in WWII . I also like Universal 's method of prefacing each chapter with one or two new scenes which let us know what 's happening before repeating the ending that led up to the cliffhanger , instead of using a written summary as Republic did or an annoying narrator as Columbia did.Universal 's great director Ford Beebe was the producer of this one . Directors Ray Taylor and Lewis Collins had a chance with this to learn how to put together a good WWII spy flick , which may be why their `` Secret Agent X-9 '' -LRB- 1945 -RRB- was so good . And like that one , it has the look and feel of a feature movie rather than just a serial . About all that separates this from the best Republic serials is more fights and better cliffhangers .
 Except for technical advances in movie making and the dubious additions of sex and `` sophistication '' , no James Bond or Indiana Jones has a thing on Smilin Jack . A WWII/Far East spy thriller it spans the globe , several changes in setting and types of action -LRB- planes , ships , subs , hotels , water front -RRB- giving freshness and suspense to each unfolding episode . Imagine Southeast Asia war zone without the WWII famed Burma Road , then imagine the highpriests of Nepal or Tibet -LRB- with a fictional name , -RRB- knowing the existence of a real but secret version of such a road , then the obvious espianoge from both Japan and China -LRB- with Nazis male and female thrown in -RRB- and you have Smilin Jack 's enemies . Throw in beautiful heroine and stout Brits and Ausies plus Charlie Chan and sons Chinese types as friends and you have the cast . The world 's highest mountains , the China Clipper , Hong Kong and various warfs , luxury hotels , water front dives and bamboo houses give this epic serial all the old James Bond flavor . All this plus clean , family ok dialogue that tells the tale quite dramatically , thank you . And your kids will love the air planes and cars . all WWII vintage and just what is now meant by `` the greatest generation ''
 VCI Entertainment and Universal Pictures based on the Zack Mosely newspaper comic strip present ... `` The Adventures of Smilin ' Jack '' -LRB- 1943 -RRB- -LRB- Dolby digitally remastered -RRB- , a 13 Chapter cliffhanger from an action packed Universal serial era featuring an outstanding cast with Lewis D. Collins and Ray Taylor at the helm ... story line has the Chinese and American governments mount a joint operation just before World War II , to prevent the Germans and Japanese from taking over the strategic island of Mandon ... will our hero Smilin ' Jack -LRB- Tom Brown -RRB- -LRB- and where is his famous trademarked pencil moustache -RRB- and Janet Thompson -LRB- Marjorie Lord -RRB- -LRB- later in TV sit-com `` Make Room For Daddy '' with Danny Thomas -RRB- be able to thwart the spy ring known as `` The Black Samurai '' ... can Von Teufel -LRB- Rose Hobart -RRB- the German fraulein be outwitted and her identity be discovered as the leader of this spy ring , along with her head henchman Kageyama -LRB- Turhan Bey -RRB- ... with the help of Chinese Gen. Kai Ling -LRB- Sidney Toler -RRB- and Capt. Wing -LRB- Keye Luke -RRB- can we turn the tide and defeat `` The Black Samarai '' ... remember Toler and Luke are on loan and must get back to their roles on the `` Charlie Chan '' film series which is the famous detective and his number one son ... do n't leave the theater until the final chapter is over and done with `` Sinking the Rising Sun '' ... just remember double thrills , chills , mystery and suspense ... hitting the bull 's eye with excitement ... do n't miss a single spine thrilling episode . . return next week to this local theater for another episode of action and adventure that will keep you thrilled until the next chapter.Under director 's Lewis D. Collins and Ray Taylor , producer Ford Beebe , associate producer Don H. Brown , screenplay by Morgan B. Cox , musical director H.J. Salter , dialogue director Jacques Jaccard ... the cast includes Tom Brown -LRB- ` Smilin ' Jack ' Martin -RRB- , Rose Hobart -LRB- Gertrude Muller , alias Fr&auml;ulein von Teufel -RRB- , Edgar Barrier -LRB- Tommy Thompson -RRB- , Marjorie Lord -LRB- Janet Thompson -RRB- , Keye Luke -LRB- Capt. Wing -RRB- , Sidney Toler -LRB- Gen. Kai Ling -RRB- , Cyril Delevanti -LRB- Mah Ling/Han Po/his doppelganger -RRB- , Turhan Bey -LRB- Kageyama -RRB- , Phillip Ahn -LRB- Wu Tan -RRB- , Nigel De Burlier -LRB- The Lo-San -RRB- , James Craven -LRB- Commissioner Robert George Hardy -RRB- , Wheeler Oakman -LRB- Freighter mate -RRB- ... special footnote , actor Sidney Toler was best known as the famous Chinese Hawaiian detective Charlie Chan , Toler accepted the role after the sudden death of Warner Oland who was difficult to replace because of his popularity , Toler 's first film was `` Charlie Chan in Honolulu '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , then the others followed `` Charlie Chan at Treasure Island '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- -LRB- this was Toler at his best -RRB- , `` Charlies Chan in Reno '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , `` Charlie Chan in City in Darkness '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , Charlie Chan in Panama '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , `` Charlie Chan 's Murder Cruise '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , `` Charlie Chan at the Wax Museum '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , Murder Over New York '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , Charlie Chan in Rio '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- , Dead men Tell '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- , `` Castle in the Desert '' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- all by 20th Century-Fox , the next film series were from Monogram Pictures `` Charlie Chan in the Secret Service '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- , Charlie Chan in Black Magic '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- , `` Charlie Chan in the Chinese Cat '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- , The Jade Mask '' -LRB- 1945 -RRB- , `` The Scarlet Clue '' -LRB- 1945 -RRB- , The Shangfhai Cobra '' -LRB- 1945 -RRB- , `` The Red Dragon '' -LRB- 1945 -RRB- , `` Shadows Over Chinatown '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , `` Dark Alibi '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , `` Dangerous Money '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , `` The Trap '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , Toler 's performances gave us his signature acting style , was without a doubt one of the best to play the famous Chinese detective ... meanwhile back to our Universal Serial which is always good till the last drop and this serial is no exception ... there is a great deal of entertainment here for the cliffhanger fans out there ... all courtesy of VCI Entertainment , who in my humble opinion is the best there is in restoring early serials and features.BIOS :1 . Tom BrownBirth Date
 Movies , radio and especially comic books during World War II were not polite to the Germans or Japanese . Members of the Axis powers were depicted as `` Krauts , '' `` Nips , '' and `` Japs . '' Somehow , Italians were not included . American super heroes battled the Axis and won -- every time . The `` Japs '' wore round spectacles with thick lens , had buck teeth and lemon-yellow faces . The `` Krauts '' oftn had monacles and clicked their bootheels a lot.This serial is part of that peculiar ethos , although it was n't possible to have Japanese with lemon-yellow skin in a black and white film . As such , this is n't bad at all . There 's a great deal of piloting and war footage to lend some reality . The plot is simple , as one might expect . Jack gets into an impossible tight spot or two in every episode and manages to get out of them at the beginning of the next episode . There are the usual fistfights , a nice looking young woman or so , and nasty villains who want to destroy everything that is goodness and light . Even Charlie Chan and his number one son are along for the ride -- but playing different characters.I did enjoy this serial . As serials go , it was one of the better ones .
 Love , Ludlow is a great movie that is , at first glance , little more than a quirky , funny romantic comedy . There 's nothing mindshakingly original about the premise of boy meets girl , but Reggie 's awkward courtship of Myra is so over-the-top that it 's quite fresh . Cinematic romance usually has a fairly predictable arc , but I never felt like I knew what was coming next with this movie.Myra 's character , I think , really anchored the film , and it was because of the strong performance by Alicia Goranson . Myra is an almost impossibly caustic office temp , and I think that a lesser actress might have me wondering how someone with such a firey disposition could work in a field that requires a modicum of working well with others . But Goranson plays Myra with such authority that it just seems natural , Similarly , the shy , awkward Reggie -LRB- David Eigenberg -RRB- might have been played as a shallow caricature of a socially-inept dweeb , but Eigenberg creditably shows him to be an earnest , caring , somewhat confused guy trying his best to win what might be the girl of his dreams.The movie starts with Reggie being smitten with Myra , and Myra 's gradual opening to the possibility of dating him . Myra 's brother Ludlow is the big complication . He seems to spend most of his time in he and Myra 's tiny apartment writing elaborate fairwell notes and fingerpainting.According to the movie 's description , Ludlow is bipolar . I 'm no diagonstician , but he seemed a bit more autistic to me-his moods seemed fairly even , but he had definite problems interfacing with the rest of the world and accepting a break in his routine . I thought that the uncertainty about Ludlow 's precise problem strengthened the movie-it makes sense that , given the family 's situation , they are n't going to be taking him for a battery of psychiatric exams , and they probably would n't have a real diagnosis . Myra would just know , as she knows in the movie , that there is something wrong with her brother , and that it is her job to take care of him.And this is the heart of the movie . We see that Myra , with her abraisive exterior , is hiding a terrible secret-that she really is a loving , caring , and dedicated person . She has n't dated much not because she ca n't stand other people , but because she knows that no one will accept both her and Ludlow.I 've done a lot of thinking about this movie since I 've seen it , and I think it really is very profound . To me , Ludlow represents the baggage that people bring to any relationship . It could be , as it is in this movie , a sibling or parent that one has to care for . It could be a sheltered past , an abusive childhood , a bad set of friends , or just the legacy of unfortunate choices made years ago . It could be memories-it could be anxieties about the future . Whatever it is , it prevents us from letting other people into our lives . It 's probably true that everyone has their Ludlow , and there 's a moment in every relationship when we introduce the other person to our Ludlow and hope for the best.So Love , Ludlow is really more than just a romantic comedy about an unlikely couple . On a deeper level , it 's really about something that anyone can identify with-revealing part of yourself , and your life , to someone you want to care deeply about . Like the best art , it takes something small and local-in this case , a budding relationship between a New York temp and account executive-and makes it resonate in a way that is truly universal.I recommend it highly for anyone-I can see that it would be a fun date movie -LRB- and a real ice-breaker for a first or second date -RRB- but also something that longtime couples can get something out of .
 If ever there was an overlooked film , Love , Ludlow would be that film . Roger Ebert 's Overlooked Film Festival is a fantastic way to shed some light on some fantastic overlooked films , but I was semi-disappointed that this film did not attract his attention . Not that the films that he screened were n't fantastic , but I think this one could have attracted a larger audience with the right marketing . After appearing at the 2005 Sundance Film Festival and becoming an Official Selaction , Love , Ludlow disappeared , away from the public and critic alike . Sitting lonely on the shelf of the video store I work at , the only copy of Love , Ludlow seemed overshadowed by the big market -LRB- and often nauseating -RRB- blockbusters that litter the shelves . The film 's director is Adrienne Weiss , who takes her second , and supremely successful , shot at directing . As the director is virtually unknown , she uses actors that are n't really prime time . Many may recognize David Eigenberg from HBO 's Sex and the City , and many others may recognize Alicia Goranson from the hit 90 's series Roseanne . Goranson is Myra , a twentysomething temp , working for a small corporation in New York , and washing some of local tenants ' laundry so she can support herself and her brother Ludlow -LRB- Brendan Sexton III -RRB- , who is mentally challenged and was left to her keeping after the death of their mother . Eigenberg is Reggie , a co-worker of Myra 's , who becomes attracted to her angry , Bronx-girl personality . They begin to date , and we begin to see Ludlow feeling like a third wheel in the relationship . Although we feel bad for Ludlow , we certainly can not expect Myra staying single just to spend every waking moment with Ludlow . Ludlow begins to act out , taking Reggie 's keys and making him pay forty dollars , and spend the night to get them back . Reggie tries his best to form a positive relationship with Ludlow , but as Reggie gets closer , Ludlow pushes him away . Eigenberg does his best work in this film , and we see early in the film his frustration with Ludlow , only to lead to a scene where he blows up and yells at Ludlow for `` running away '' . Sexton does a nice job of playing Ludlow without venturing into the more severely disabled roles of Hoffman 's Rain Man or Sean Penn 's I Am Sam , and I enjoyed watching his performances and seeing where he would take the character next . Goranson , on the other hand , was more difficult to disect . At first I thought her performance was a bit stiff and unchallenging , but as I look further at it , she does a decent job at conveying a character who hides her emotions behind a wall , that is her Bronx-girl attitude . We do see her break down once or twice in the film , but it is always restrained as she tries to put out a strong personality . She is , in fact , semi-new to the idea of dating , and she has never really expressed other emotions , besides anger . She needs to be tough . She is living in a world where a large amount of responsibility has been dumped on her , and no one , even the tenants in her building , shows much sympathy . The film is a quick , 86-minute view , and I highly reccomend seeing this film . It has good leading and supporting performances , although , I could have done without some of the eccentricities that come with some of these characters . The character of Carol , a co-worker of Myra 's who lives with her mother , is a bit unneccesary in the beginning , and I was n't really compelled by her . She does provide a moment of relief during a very funny scene involving yet another co-worker named Storkelson , a sexist pig who insists on sharing his sexual stories . Overall , Love , Ludlow is not the best film of 2005 , but it is funny , charming , and highly entertaining .
 I saw this film at the Sundance Film Festival . It is a quirky love story filled with laughter and tears . Alicia -LRB- Myra -RRB- did a great job . Her facial expressions are so funny . All of the actors are right on . The tension between Ludlow and the other characters is so real . The writing is brilliant . If you like independent films , this is a great one !
 With `` Love , Ludlow '' David Lord Patterson -LRB- son of the woman who wrote `` Bridge to Terabithia '' -RRB- crafts a short and sweet film that bubbles with quirky , snappy dialogue . But this movie is n't just a cute little romantic comedy . A strong dramatic undercurrent about loneliness , family , and growing up is the true core of this movie , sustained by the sheer normalness of the leading actors Alicia Goranson -LRB- Myra -RRB- and David Eigenberg -LRB- Reggie -RRB- and the total eccentricity played wonderfully by Brendan Sexton III -LRB- Ludlow -RRB- . Equipped with Patterson 's masterful writing , they bring us three funny and sympathetic characters that , I guarantee , you will end up caring about by the end of this ninety minute film.There are n't many movies I can compare this to , as it 's simply such a unique gem in an otherwise bland and overdone genre . To give you a sense of what this movie is like , I 'm going to have to pick and choose from different mediums and genres . If you like the dialogue in Joss Whedon 's `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' , you 'll find the witty exchanges in here priceless . If you like the outrageous and endearing characters in Christopher Moore 's books , you 'll make a place in your heart for Ludlow . If you like sweet , weird , and real romances of the late `` Veronica Mars '' television series , you 'll be rooting for Myra and Reggie . If you 're in the mood for a nicely done independent film that will surely make you laugh and just might make you cry , give this not-very-well-known film a chance .9 / 10
 I really liked this small romantic comedy . The dialogue & acting are superb . It feels real - not like some slick , forced Hollywood production . I rented this movie because Alicia Goranson stars in it and I think she is a good actress -LRB- excuse me , actOR -RRB- and I just like her . I did n't realize that Steve from Sex and the City -LRB- real name David Eigenberg -RRB- also stars in the movie and he was great , too .
 An excellent film all around , although the script is what really stands out . A very funny and poingant movie .
 I really enjoyed this film , it 's full of heart and the performances are great . Also , the cinematography is something special . I HIGHLY recommend this film as a Saturday night rental or a great gift for that filmy person that wants to stay ahead of the curve . - koleyr
 The characters in Love Ludlow seem to be living in some kind of netherworld of paranoid angst , they 're lovable , endearing , and good-natured , but they also border on the irritating and are often annoying . But this should n't let viewers from enjoying this sweet-natured little film that stands as a kind of gentle ode to finding one 's true love . With all its faults there 's no doubt that Love Ludlow 's heart is in the right place and are some likable - if a bit overly eager - performances from its trio of lead characters.Love Ludlow 's missteps early on try one 's patience , but there are rewards in sticking with this film , because it does say some interesting things about love and the need to actually depend on someone for emotional survival . Myra -LRB- Alicia Goranson -RRB- is a brash , alternative looking , and totally tough talking Queens girl who has had to care for her dysfunctional brother Ludlow -LRB- Brendan Sexton III -RRB- ever since their mother died five years ago.Ludlow is one of those child-adults . He 's about twenty , but has the behavioral habits and the emotional capacity of a six year old . Terrified of going out into the world , Ludlow bolts himself in their apartment all day and paints quotes from Shakespeare onto pieces of paper , whilst Myra works as an office temp . She does n't have to worry while she 's gone , because Ludlow would never leave the apartment alone.The poor Myra seems to be living in an emotional vacuum , perhaps hardened by years of having to shoulder Ludlow 's dependence on her . Shut off from her fellow workers , she spends her days grumpy and serious and absolutely refuses to be flattered by any man . Until the shy and kindly Reggie -LRB- David Eigenberg -RRB- come along and persistently entices her , eventually winning a date . Myra 's feistiness and her independent spirit immediately capture Reggie . They hit it off , his meekness balancing out her crustiness , which gradually disappears . Of course , Ludlow , feels threatened by all this attention Myra is getting ; he wants her all to himself.Whilst Love , Ludlow is well written and has some moments of serious drama , the film is ultimately hampered by David Paterson 's script that tends to rush through some of the character development
 A slightly screwy love affair , between a man , a woman and the woman 's autistic brother -LRB- I do n't mean in the incestuous , three-way way -RRB- . Man and woman meet . They are both such opposites ... quiet/loud , educated/not educated , quick tempered/laid back and a few more extremes thrown in for fun . Then , we add in the brother who is very upset having to share his sister . Can boyfriend and brother ever get along or will brother ruin the made-in-heaven relationship in it 's budding stages.A delightful respite from all the heavy handed love affairs currently around for viewing.One of the best Independant Films I 've seen . Thank God it was n't a Major Studio film ... that would surely have ruined it !
 This was my favorite film at the Sundance Film Festival this past year and the one film that proves to me that a small independent production can look and feel just like a quality big budgeted studio film . The actors are superb , the cinematography is phenomenal , and the writing is brilliant . Roger Ebert called this film , `` A Sundance Treasure '' and I totally agree . This is one of those water cooler films you 'll be talking about at work for quite a long time . You just have to see this film !
 First time screenwriter David Patterson adapted his own play ` Finger Painting in a Murphy Bed ' for the film LOVE , LUDLOW making the onus of the success of the film rest heavily on his shoulders . Fortunately the producers found first-time director Adrienne J. Weiss who has capably transformed a delicate triangle into a solid little comedy . If polish is lacking in the final product it can easily be forgiven by the fact that this is a new venture.A three character story , each of the three people we get to know is borderline functional in their approach to life and the world at large . Myra -LRB- Alicia Goranson -RRB- is a hard working office temp but is socially crippled by the fact that she is the caretaker for her bipolar brother Ludlow -LRB- Brendan Sexton III -RRB- who is confined to their tiny apartment and demands every ounce of Myra 's attention . At work , love starved but socially anxious Myra meets Reggie -LRB- David Eigenberg -RRB- , a gentle naive soul who has never been in any type of relationship . The two socially inept people find ` something that is missing ' in their lives , but when Myra faces the fact that she is confined to quarters due to the obligation compulsive Ludlow 's care and when Reggie meets Ludlow and realizes Myra is unable to move out of her life space due to Ludlow 's childlike tantrums and demands , the strange trio 's compatibility is challenged and the method in which the three cope with the big decisions in their lives is the resolution of the movie.The dialogue is sharp but more in keeping with a stage drama than a film
 I like the actors and the attitude of the main leading lady . She had very good lines . I gave this movie four starts because the acting was good and believable . The story is a little slow but I founded very interesting and different contraire to my husband 's opinion . He found it boring and lost interest right away .
 I fell in love with this movie within the first couple minutes . I can watch it over and over again and laugh and cry every single time . I 'm no expert or anything but I think that the casting was done perfectly . The actors that were chosen to play the different characters in the movie were excellent , I could n't imagine any other actors playing those parts . This movie , as simple as it is really stands out and is deffinatley one of my all time favorites .
 I saw this film at the Stoneybrook Film Festival this summer and thought it was fantastic . The dialogue is sharply written and makes for a witty exchange between the 3 main characters . An atypical but rewarding romantic comedy . Standout performance by Alicia Goranson - I could n't believe that I was watching the girl from Roseanne .
 This film is low budget and is obviously the work of people with little feature length production experience , but the Character development is very strong . The story line and plot are solid . The story does not waver or get lost as you might extpect from a low budget film like this . Very competent work from that perspective . Also , It is very funny . And I 'm not easily amused . Some really classic stuff . Do n't let this movie pass you by .
 Hilarious look in the mirror for everyone who has played the dating/engagement game . I could really identify with the characters . Extras were very enlightening and entertaining
 I was very pleasantly surprised when I saw this video . I never thought it could be done . Yet , the results are on the screen . A witty , urbane piece of work , that once again proves a group of talented and motivated people can do practically anything , no matter what the budget .
 There are lots of laughs in `` The Big Announcement , '' something that I have n't found in recent big-budget productions . This small-scale effort is original , clever , and honest about relationships . Writer-Director Shrewsbury has a keen ear for how couples really relate to one another.The film is character-driven ... something I sorely miss from the product that is out today .
 I thought it was going to be a chick flick but turned out to be a bit of both ... a chick & a guy flick giving good views of the minds of both . Entertaining & funny ! I liked the `` Extras '' dvd that had the Writers & Director talking about how they made the film & I was impressed with how it turned out given the low budget it was made on ... But then again , I 'm tired of seeing huge budget movies with no story . This was a refreshing change .
 First time filmmaker , Charles Shrewsbury , has produced a highly enjoyable film , full of more wit , honesty and charm than many first-run movies I 've seen . The fun begins when Bill and Laura decide to announce their engagement on a weekend getaway with two other couples . Bill 's second thoughts have Mr. Shrewsbury and co-writer , Todd Hagans , moving the story forward using humor and a keen sense of the differences between the sexes . And , although the actors are not household names , they are very good at portraying their characters ' personalities and quirks.This film may not have had a big budget , but it 's a lot of fun and definitely worth seeing . Unlike a lot of movies I 've seen and forgotten rather quickly , this one stayed with me for a long time . For me , that 's the sign of a good one . I recommend it to anyone wanting to relax and laugh at the never-ending battle between men and women .
 must say a real surprise how entertaining and captivated this movie had me . I did n't know or expect much but was pleased by this flick , thank you joe for recommending it . the actors did a good job ; some excellent , others good ; while the writing was a solid job , with many surprises I did n't expect . Bravo ! a real needle in a haystack .
 `` The Big Announcement '' is one of those movies you can watch with your girlfriend or wife where you 're not constantly checking your watch and thinking about the game you 're missing on TV . Even though it 's a romantic comedy , you have the feeling that you 're not the only man in the room . Other movies that do that for me are `` The Brothers McMullen '' , `` The Tao of Steve '' , `` Clerks '' , or anything with Kurt Russell.The story follows Bill who has made the huge leap of getting engaged to girlfriend Laura . You 'd think she 'd be happy and relax . But no , it 's like she 's got to keep testing him and saying junk like , `` If he really loved me , he 'd ... '' Now why do women do that ? To complicate matters , the guys go fishing and Sam fills Bill 's head with doubts about getting tied down to one woman for the rest of his life . Sam talks about the fun of dating new girls and when Bill talks about his single days , he says it was great . Then a flashback to Bill getting turned down again and again , then sitting alone on the couch without a date on a Friday night . Hilarious stuff.Herbie cracked me up . He 's a guy who 's spineless and stubborn all at the same time . He has a dream to keep working in the shoe store -LRB- okay , so it 's a stupid dream -RRB- , but his girlfriend Gail wants him to take an insurance job with her father . So she basically wants to change him . Now why do women do that ? If a woman does n't like the way a guy is , then leave the poor sap alone . Anyway , Gail 's got no right to try to take away a man 's dream , even if it is a stupid dream.The personal trainer Sam was cool because he did n't buy into all the stuff that women want us to believe about how the long term relationship is the ultimate thing . Sam just lived his life the way he wanted without getting all emotional . He had some funny observations
 Not just a chick flick . This movie bring both points of view to the table , which makes for an enticing perspective on modern day relationships . I was most impressed with Ross Wright who , not only wrote the insightful score to the movie , played a very convincing egomaniac trainer to the -LRB- not so famous -RRB- stars!Check this out , you wo n't be sorry !
 This film maker does a wonderful job of creating characters worth watching and knowing . The story is funny and fresh ... . anyone who has been in a relationship will be able to relate to these people and laugh with them as they make mistakes and uncover each others quirky qualities . Check it out and support up and coming film makers !
 I highly recommend checking out this dvd . The combination of these in depth characters with all of their quirks makes for a fun cinematic experience . A great ensemble cast committed to their roles!In spite of being a low budget feature , The Big Announcement has a well crafted story with fun characters that everyone can identify with . Watching these friends ' relationships unfold was like watching a comedic play ! Clever banter and character intentions that everyone can identify with.The dvd extras were an added bonus !
 I was extremely surprised by this film . From the picture on the box I expected something really cheep and cheesy , I was shocked at how good it was , it 's clearly a low budget film but despite it 's limitations I found myself laughing out loud , empathizing with the characters , and really enjoying myself . The next day I was reminiscing and replaying scenes in my mind . So , the film wears well.Charles Shrewsbury has made a film that has brought honest insight to modern day relationships , and the apprehension we all face when committing to one.The acting is surprising good I 've never heard of any of these actors , but it 's a character driven film and the characters are strong . The actors bring depth and substance to each character . I particularly liked the salesman with a shoe fetish and the womanizing personal trainer . These characters could have easily been two dimensional buffoons but Ned Kletz and Ross Wright take these characters seriously and make them real and complex and not the stereotypes that many big budget Hollywood films portray .
 The movie scren play was written by my grandfather , and his son -LRB- my father -RRB- always said it was his best movie . It was shown often on TV in the 50s , but disappeared for decades . It was only by happenstance that I found it on Amazon . The overall video quality is poor - it looks like the company offering it made a copy of a copy.My family enjoyed watching it , knowing of course the family tie . My grandfather 's most famous screen play is `` Reefer Madness '' , a horrible film , and one he did to put food on the table in hard times.DavidPS
 This is my favorite show . I am sad to see it ending . So far , the final season has been awesome .
 This is more then a show that keeps you guessing , it truly entertains . Fringe sucks you in from the very first episode .
 I will admit that I was quite skeptical at the beginning of this season . I have watched faithfully because I am a fan , and I really appreciate how layered this show is . This season started out very meh . Everyone seemed stiff and uncomfortable , the acting seemed stilted , like the players were n't sure the change was such a good idea . Well , I have got to say that it has been growing on me , episode by episode , but episode seven is better Fringe than anything since the extra-long pause before the theme music in the pilot episode . The juxtaposition of Walter and Peter is masterful . If say any more , I 'll spoil it for someone !
 Finge ... Either you 're a an or you 're not . This season is quite a bit different from the last but still right up anyone 's alley who is a fan of the first 4 seasons .
 Fringe has no boundaries . Either in the story or via actors . I watched every single episode , glued to my seat through all four complete seasons and those of the fifth season . I did this in about three weeks . You as a viewer need to figure out for yourself where you think the science stops and the fiction starts . This series is fascinating to get wrapped up in and if you are into sci-fi like me , your mind wanders with the possibilities ! It will be a sad , sad day when the series come to an end , which I believe is this year .
 This season is just as good as the others . Less imaginative science is explored , but it 's made up for with the interesting story line . A good ending season to the series
 good series wish it would not end . i am glad you intend to finish and not leave us hanging . dont kill off people . we get attached to them . some showes find a way to bring them back , time travel has great advantages .
 I love the show Fringe I caught up on all the seasons and ca n't wait for the new ones to come out .
 I just discovered Fringe and I am so sad to learn this will be the last season . I look forward to every new episode but hate that it takes me nearer to the final episode .
 Great quality video , a must have for fans of the show . Amazon video on demand is the only way to go for TV that that is on after bedtime .
 totally awesome wish there was more seasons to watch it is definitely a great buy a must have would give it more stars if was able to
 I have watched every episode and found them all to be suspenseful & thought provoking.Walter Bishop is by far my favorite character!I really hope this season is not the last one !
 Got ta say I am a fan . Sorry this program is no longer on tv . Great casting and great acting , I even love the plausible impossible .
 Fringe is the greatest show I have ever seen . I started late to so I got to watch season 1 to 4 on prime free no commercials . Greatest show ever .
 PLEASE NEVER LET THIS SHOW end ! I love this , Breaking Bad and Sons and I watch NO other TV . I will buy the series .
 I could watch this show for years . An interesting mix of science and occult . Unlike most sci-fi 's today , Fringe offers ideas and concepts to think about .
 Just catching up on the Episodes I have missed . Can not imagine TV without Fringe !!!! Have loved , loved loved every season .
 This cost less than everyone else was selling it for plus I could view it through my TV using my XBox . Really like watching without having to fast forward through the commercials . Great price and show , wish it was n't their last season .
 Well , if you are a Fringe lover , you will love this too . Great audio and video just like everything else I have had from Amazon .
 Awesome , can not stop watching it . Have watched 4 seasons and am on the 5th . do n't know what I will do when I 'm all caught up .
 This is a great show - - - good writing - - - interesting charactors - - - great special effects
 watching video on demand worked well . why is there a minimum number of words required for a review ? does n't make sense .
 I have watched all the seasons , and have really enjoyed them . The stories are unique , the characters are wonderful . I am sad that this is the last season .
 I have just watched all 5 seasons with each season having 23 episodes , of course the last season will start again next month . I wish all shows were this comprehensive . I enjoyed all the science and inventions and the creativity in each episode . I just hate it when it 's over :-LRB- . But Amazon has recommended more for me to watch and I intend to do just that ! I love my Kindle and my Prime membership ! It has opened up so much for me .
 Fringe is one of the best science fiction shows ever done . Fortunately there is a concluding season . So many good science fiction shows just get cancelled leaving the story unfinished and the public hanging . Hopefully the conclusion will be worth the 5 years invested .
 numerous threads of story lines that will eventually converge on what alternate endings only the future holds ... Wonderful character development . Walter -LRB- John Noble -RRB- is an incredible actor ... he could make you believe that he IS your father !
 Fringe is the best show . I am so sad they wont be making another one ! I will miss it very much !
 Love this ! I have watched all the seasons and that is why . When I tried watching just this one it left me feeling just ok about it .
 This has been one of the best seasons . Plenty of sci-fi to keep you entertained . Great story line
 But Anna Torv is reason enough , not that the rest of the cast are n't equally magnificent . The fifth and final season is pretty dark , but in our hearts we know that the world will be saved and our beloved heroes will be happy again at last .
 I am so glad that Amazon Prime was offering the first 4 seasons for free so I could catch up . I love this show . Even if you are not a die hard Sci Fi fan I think you will get hooked on the story that has something for everyone . Sad that there are only 3 epispdes left to the series and hope the finale delivers . Give this a try . I waited 5 years but was worth it .
 I am going to really miss not seeing it anymore after this season is over . I recommend this show to all !
 This is the Best show since lost.it makes me sad to know its being cancelled because only 3.7 million are watching it.I feel like I lost the only good show on tv .
 Sooo Sad it 's the final season . They always seem to drop the good ones . What is it with that ?
 What can I say everything ! Great actors , story production is spot on this is by far the best thing on tv going and it is ending so sad to see it going but I will watch it over again and again . Thanks Fringe for the great entertainment over the last few years .
 I will miss this show . I came upon it on Amazon Prime by chance , I mostly watch movies . I have really enjoyed the characters ! It is unusual and imaginative .
 Far fetched but it keeps you entertained . As much as I have wanted to stop watching this stupid show I JUST CA N'T !! I really do think it 's dumb but I ca n't stop watching , go figure !
 I caught the pilot episode on the Science channel and it set me off on the best tv marathon ever , i flew through seasons 1-4 in a week and a half and decided to buy season 5 immediately because i couldnt wait for it to be available on demand.This series is so thoughtful , it 's well written , it has amazing actors and mind bendy storylines . It 's like if The X-files and LOST had a baby , and that baby went on to be awesome.As to the Amazon Instant Video , thats 's wonderful also . The only complaint I 'd have is that when i try to skip ahead or go back , there 's a bit of a lag while amazon seeks me and reconnects me to their server . I thought at first that it was my phone connection but I 've tried it on two other devices and it does the same . Almost negligible , but there nonetheless.All in all , fringe is awesome , and I 'm happy I caught up in time to see it in real time as it comes to an end .
 great show ! cant wait to see how it all ends ! but im going to miss the show when its over
 This is a real think outside the box show . Science fiction at it 's finest -LRB- or is it fiction -RRB- hummm ! I avoided watching this show for a couple of seasons . Then purchased the first season from Amazon and I was hooked . It is a weird show which I think makes it all the better ! ; - -RRB-
 Which means you already know what I think of this simply amazing , too good for TV scripted show that NOBODY is watching , hence I get , I think 11 more episodes until my heart is once again broken as I salute the end of another absolutely outstanding television show . I am with both reviewers of TV Guide and USAToday who have tirelessly and shamelessly promoted this show -LRB- who both often will try to push a Friday night show opposite it , ie
 With only a half season to wrap things up , the pressure is on for Fringe as it tells its final story . Gone are the filler episodes of yore -LRB- here 's to you , Molebaby -RRB- as mythology takes charge.Etta -LRB- Georgina Haig -RRB- fits right in with everyone 's favorite team of misfit heroes . The burgeoning family dynamic is nice to see and will certainly be interesting to watch grow.The episode itself was well-paced and engaging , keeping me right along as it moved from plot point to plot point . Some of our regulars were conspicuously missing , but they were in the promo photos so I 'm sure they 'll reappear . Complimenting the acting at this point is just silly , as once Anna Torv shed all accusations of `` woodeness '' in season one , there have been nothing but accolades for the entire cast.All said , a very worthy beginning of the end . I look forward to so much more .
 When we last left the Resistance , they were experiencing the first burgeonings of hope - here we learn just how hard those hopes will be dashed , and how mightily they can rise again.Fringe hits its stride again , calling up questions of hope and hopelessness , and whether the bonds of family can transcend the good and the desperate . While the pacing seems to trip up in places , `` In Absentia '' provides several emotional thrills with a tiny dose of heartbreak - but that 's Fringe for you . Dialogue does the heavy lifting plotwise , but the heart of this show has always been in the quiet moments , the subtle looks , and the powerful cast chemistry , and this episode is no exception.With only a few episodes to go , Fringe promises excitement around every turn , and I am thrilled to be along for the ride .
 Really loved the way the show led to a good conclusion in season five . I did n't know what to expect , it could have gone bad or disappointing . But cudos to the writers . Wish it could have continued .
 An amazing ending to an amazing series ! The only thing that I would change is that I would be reviewing the Sixth or Seventh season ! Well worth the watch .
 Fringe is the most imaginative SF ever . The plots are so intricate that if you miss one program you are lost . I will never stop finding new clues each time I watch .
 This series was so addictive ! Could n't wait for each new episode . Loved the character development throughout the series . Sorry to see it end .
 While I am a fan of the entire Fringe series , I found the last season to be a little disappointing . This show started off as a mystery of the week show , turned into a show based more on an overarching story , then turned into a strange battle for survival in the future . WARNING SPOILERS AHEAD!I found the last season a little divergent . The observers who have had a strict non-interference policy are now revealed to be humans from the future , intent on overtaking our time . This is a fairly poor handling of time travel . It creates a paradox and provides no explanation for how the paradox is sustained . The primary problem is that the invasion would change the course of human history and mess with the future the observers come from . I can think of very few stories that handle the paradoxes associated with time travel well perhaps the only one that comes to mind is 12 Monkeys . The ultimate blow to the logic within the story is that Walter traveling back in time with the observer child creates a paradox and resets time , because nature can not handle paradoxes and must heal itself . Had the story merely ignored paradoxes it would have been acceptable , but to make it so a paradox saves the day is silly.Another problem is that the observers are retreating in time to live on a planet that is yet to be completely destroyed and uninhabitable , yet the observers are pumping carbon emissions into the atmosphere because the atmospheric composition is too pure in oxygen . This is total nonsense , a society as advanced and calculating as the observers would not expedite the destruction of the planet they call home . While the adventure is exciting and interesting it is ultimately an unbelievable one , even for a genre where reality must be suspended .
 Awesome Show . Really wrapped it all up well . Enjoyed the whole series from start to end . Will miss Walter and his cow .
 I gave Fringe 5 stars for never dispointing me . Supperb Acting , excellent writing and a great series.I love Fringe
 Glad to see they spent sometime on the ending . Great season overall and I would recommend this to others to watch .
 I was sad to see this show end , but I 'm happy with the way it ended . I will miss walter , peter , olivia and astrid .
 I 've watched all five seasons and have become invested in the characters , Walter Bishop in particular . Very good , fast-paced smart drama . The human characters were 3-dimensional and viewers found themselves emotionally attached to them , which I guess is one sign of a great series . I also enjoyed the scientific explanations for new gadgets in the future -- great characters , great actors , great emotional depth . I loved this very well-written series .
 Season 5 wrapped up most of the unanswered questions and was a good send off for the show if you watched seasons 1-4 season 5 is definitely worth your time .
 Excelent series.Sorry to see it end . Even paid to see the last of the series as I couldn , t wait for the complete season to be released .
 Season 5 is almost like a spin-off series from the original 4 seasons with most of the same actors . Does it work ? It does indeed ! In this final season , the plot changes ... the Observers are no longer the benevolent watchers , but malevolent overlords and our heros are n't concerned about a parallel universe but about saving our own , albeit in the future . But let 's face it , we love it so because we love the characters
 Really enjoyed this series . Characters were great and the story line was really believable . Would recommend to everyone who enjoys the genre
 Very intense season !! WATCH IT !! lots of twists ! makes you wig out ! jus watch it ! i was kinda sad when it was over ! i wanted more fringe !
 What a wonderful show . I wish it had n't been canceled . Great premise . I am watching it from the beginning to catch things I missed before
 I have enjoyed the series from the beginning , though in this last season the writers ignored some key parts of the Fringe backstory in order to have a happy ending . I wo n't be a spoiler to say what those revisions of the fringe history are , though .
 inventive , highly imaginative and most of all constantly entertaining . Cast is amazing and it just seemed like whoever wrote the stories and created the show actually cared .
 I loved this series ! It was great fun and entertaining . Walter is one of the TV great characters of all time . Is it perfect and free of plot holes ? No , but it was still fun and a big thumbs up for Sci Fi folks .
 Always been a fan of this show and as usual the network execs opt for more &#34; reality &#34; shows which are not entertaining at all .
 Excellent story and amazing actors . The entire crew is startlingly good . The subtly that the Bishop characters need to be able to show is really impressive .
 5 seasons does n't seem enough for this series the acting writing and producing are all top notch . The episodes are sometimes predictable or unbelievable but always entertaining and it does keep you guessing . My wife and I came late to the series and watched it all via amazon prime and found ourselves saying ok just one more episode before falling asleep and losing sleep . fringe is great fun and well worth the time to watch it all.Anna Torv , Joshua Jackson -LRB- Charlie from the Mighty Ducks -RRB- and John Noble are all fantastic . crazy science crazy situations and episodes that make you think all make fringe one my top favorite series of all time .
 It is very hard to describe the many variables on why FRINGE did not make it but like it or not . The viewers was n't there . What is strange to me is that the viewers was there when you added those that recorded it for later viewage on their DVR 's and other setups.Quite suddenly the viewage if adding those was nearly up 60 percent so instead of an average 3.5 million it was far more than than that.It would have been nice if the Nielsens would count those factors.It is sad such beautiful shows such as FIREFLY and many others could n't become more but I am grateful for having 5 seasons.I am hoping that there will be a much bigger package with all 5 seasons together.Hoping for that and waiting for that .
 Kudos to those people that wrote these great and exciting episodes and who chose these wonderful actors to play the different and sometimes quirky characters so well that we fell in love with them all . I will miss my Friday nites curled up watching the next adventure ... good luck in detoxing from the high of this thrilling show .
 I really love this series and to see it end will be very sad . I hope that someday someone else will continue this series .
 Heard about this show , never really watched it until this year . I was an x-files fanatic so I decided to order the first season on DVD . TOTALLY hooked from the first episode ! Ordered season 2,3,4 and spent the next week watching 3-4 episodes a night . Lost a lot of sleep time but DAMN what an entertaining , thought provoking and absolutely mind-bending show . Kudos to the creativity of the writers and the brilliant acting . The story lines between episodes are always fresh , yet the underlying theme and relationships between characters runs very strong throughout . You never feel lost , although the time travel aspect will force you to go back and re-watch the entire series . For many shows this really sucks simply because the writing is so bad . Not with Fringe , I 've watched it twice so far and each time , something new is revealed . That 's the Hallmark of money well spent on a DVD -LRB- or perhaps I was n't paying attention the first time around -RRB- . Either way , this DVD set is a keeper ! Ca n't wait for the final season to release on DVD !!!!!
 I love this show . I binge watched it in about 2 weeks . I could n't help but think what was going to happen in the next episode .
 What can I say ? This show is in my top three . I loved the supernatural/abnormal cases that they 'd investigate and enjoyed Walter 's character . Astro , Asterisk , Ostrich ... but in the series finale , it was touching when Walter told her that Astrid was really a beautiful name . My only issue was that we missed a few years between Season 4 and Season 5 . It jumped from Olivia finding out she was pregnant to Etta being a toddler . Perhaps I missed the reason why they did that but that is why I 've been re-watching the show . And when Season 5 comes out , I intend to purchase the entire series and watch it again .
 The explanations are all here and the threads all come together in a relatively unanticipated way . As always , John Noble proves to be the psychedelic ` Glue ' that binds the story and brings it to a heart wrenching climax .
 This was a great way to bring the complicated &#34; Fringe &#34; story to an end . There were a few surprises and and it developed into a good way to end a series that will be missed .
 I was riveted from beginnng to end . John Noble is an incredible actor . I believed him . I was thoroughly engrossed , mostlybecause of Walter . I 'm sorry Fringe ended , but it was a happy ending .
 It 's sad to see this series has ended . This has been one of the better shows over the past several years .
 This is by far my favorite TV show for the past few years . My second is Lost and my third is warehouse 13 . I signed up for prime just to watch the first 4 seasons !!
 I stumbled upon this show last year and I 've been a fan ever since . I watched every episode from Season 1 to the Final episode . Great actors , wonderful plots and excellent messages about humanity , love and the endless possibilities of universe and beyond .
 Loved the whole series , so smart , creative and they tied it all together really well in the end . Was great fun , sad to see it end and that 's the sign of success to me !
 I love good endings . But they left it open for a good movie , too . I hope they continue with the storyline .
 I really like this entire series so I was not let down in this fifth season.The surprises kept coming and the original team appearing again was amazingGot to see more if more are on the way
 There 's not a lot to say since we are just three episodes into the fifth -LRB- and last -RRB- season of The Fringe . However , the series has never failed to satisfy . Having to wrap up story lines with the impending demise of the series may mean that early fifth season episodes are a bit enigmatib , but I 'm sticking with the season and the storyline , confident that all will be revealed and we have some excellent surprises in store .
 DEVOTED FAN SINCE EPISODE 1 ! THIS EPIDODE GAVE ME ANSWERS TO OLD QUESTIONS & THE START OF MANY NEW ONES . I DID N'T EXPECT THE CHARACTERS TO BE WHERE THEY ARE NOW - LITERALLY ! !
 Fantastic Series . Each episode is amazing and thought-provoking . I could watch this episode again and again ! The characters jump out of the screen and into your life and the story lines remain in your mind for days !
 The Fringe team , after investigating numerous paranormal crimes , discovering and traveling to an alternate universe and saving the world many times is now traveling in time to a future where the Observers have taken over the world for a purpose as yet unknown . The Fringe team has been seperated for over two decades frozen in amber and unaware of what is happening in the world . Olivia and Peter 's daughter was raised as an orphan in this totalitarian new world where humans are little better than slaves . The overall arc is how to beat the Observers and put the timeline back to its original shape.In this episode , Walter , as usual , has the beginnings of a solution but has hidden it in beta tapes that are scattered around the country , a country where humans are no longer free to travel , but the team sets out anyway and discovers a group of people , who are recording humanity 's true history in the face of extinction . Clues are found , sacrifices are made and the season long arc is added to . A solid episode of Fringe and an interesting reinvention for one of television 's most surreal sci-fi shows . Recommended . Newbies of course should go back and watch the entire series , available here on Amazon Prime .
 When we last left the Resistance , they were experiencing the first burgeonings of hope - here we learn just how hard those hopes will be dashed , and how mightily they can rise again.Fringe hits its stride again , calling up questions of hope and hopelessness , and whether the bonds of family can transcend the good and the desperate . While the pacing seems to trip up in places , `` In Absentia '' provides several emotional thrills with a tiny dose of heartbreak - but that 's Fringe for you . Dialogue does the heavy lifting plotwise , but the heart of this show has always been in the quiet moments , the subtle looks , and the powerful cast chemistry , and this episode is no exception.With only a few episodes to go , Fringe promises excitement around every turn , and I am thrilled to be along for the ride .
 Fringe 's all-time low viewership may have missed out on another excellent episode , but they have a chance to rectify that here , thankfully . `` The Recordist '' sets Season 5 off on its proper start , the journey that will close the invasion and the series . Now that the season 's path is becoming clearer , the audience can start making more guesses about the formula the rest of the show will take . This episode felt very much like one of the first and second seasons `` mythalones '' , a stand-alone episode that had ties to the overall mythology , as opposed to an episode that solely advanced the show 's plot . While stand-alones tended towards weakness -LRB- here 's looking at you , `` Snakehead '' -RRB- , mythalones tended to be all over the place - thankfully , `` The Recordist '' falls on the stronger side of the spectrum.The plot took some time to get started , but once it was off , it gave no quarter except for important moments of character development , the little pockets in which this episode truly shone . Olivia -LRB- Anna Torv -RRB- and Peter -LRB- Joshua Jackson -RRB- have some truly outstanding chemistry , and their scenes together proved to be the highlight of the episode as they sought to work out the kinks in their relationship . To keep things relatively spoiler-free , Olivia 's old internal struggles were satisfying to revisit , and made more interesting by Peter 's gentle -LRB- if sometimes awkward -RRB- support . -LRB- To keep things extra spoiler free , things are gon na get a little vague here -RRB- The particular Fringe event that our team finds itself in the midst of felt a bit vague , but the concept behind the people at the heart of it was fantastic , and I was hoping to see a bit more of them than I did . The traditional guest star performed very well , and his character brought back themes of how far one would go for family , echoed by Olivia and Peter in this season and Walter in seasons past . What this reviewer is beginning to wonder is how much longer the Fringe team will be able to stay in hte invaders ' relative blind spot - for being near-gods , their reaction time seems quite poor.Overall , this season 's lower point thus far , which fortunately says very little as Fringe on its worst day is better than most other television on its best , and `` The Recordist '' is far from Fringe 's worst , just not quite the smash-hit of the previous two episodes . Still , as long as the invader question is answered , Fringe 's final season looks to be shaping up beautifully .
 Fringe 's all-time low viewership may have missed out on another excellent episode , but they have a chance to rectify that here , thankfully . `` The Recordist '' sets Season 5 off on its proper start , the journey that will close the invasion and the series . Now that the season 's path is becoming clearer , the audience can start making more guesses about the formula the rest of the show will take . This episode felt very much like one of the first and second seasons `` mythalones '' , a stand-alone episode that had ties to the overall mythology , as opposed to an episode that solely advanced the show 's plot . While stand-alones tended towards weakness -LRB- here 's looking at you , `` Snakehead '' -RRB- , mythalones tended to be all over the place - thankfully , `` The Recordist '' falls on the stronger side of the spectrum.The plot took some time to get started , but once it was off , it gave no quarter except for important moments of character development , the little pockets in which this episode truly shone . Olivia -LRB- Anna Torv -RRB- and Peter -LRB- Joshua Jackson -RRB- have some truly outstanding chemistry , and their scenes together proved to be the highlight of the episode as they sought to work out the kinks in their relationship . To keep things relatively spoiler-free , Olivia 's old internal struggles were satisfying to revisit , and made more interesting by Peter 's gentle -LRB- if sometimes awkward -RRB- support . -LRB- To keep things extra spoiler free , things are gon na get a little vague here -RRB- The particular Fringe event that our team finds itself in the midst of felt a bit vague , but the concept behind the people at the heart of it was fantastic , and I was hoping to see a bit more of them than I did . The traditional guest star performed very well , and his character brought back themes of how far one would go for family , echoed by Olivia and Peter in this season and Walter in seasons past . What this reviewer is beginning to wonder is how much longer the Fringe team will be able to stay in hte invaders ' relative blind spot - for being near-gods , their reaction time seems quite poor.Overall , this season 's lower point thus far , which fortunately says very little as Fringe on its worst day is better than most other television on its best , and `` The Recordist '' is far from Fringe 's worst , just not quite the smash-hit of the previous two episodes . Still , as long as the invader question is answered , Fringe 's final season looks to be shaping up beautifully .
 I just wish it did n't take so long to download episodes after purchasing . I do n't care to watch them online because of the pauses and freezing of the vids . I have broadband but it 's apparently NOT broad enough !
 Love love love this show maybe one of the best ever ! I 'm so bummed this is last season.Wish there was another season to look forward to
 I definitely like the cast . I also think it is a wise decision to end Fringe after the fifth season therfore I am excited about the end .
 Well crafted and easy to follow , unlike some of the other TV series of today ... Once you start season one your hooked ...
 I have to say that few shows , if any , can touch you on so many levels as Fringe does . Intellectually , emotionally , spiritually and even comically and this season Fringe has been all that and in this episode you go on a magical mystical emotional ride.Fringe has continually presented the movement of consciousnesses expansion in the way it was originally intended , well before the military got involved , as furthering the evolutionary intellecual development of human consciousness.To reach our greater potential.That being said Walter uses this tool as way to see beyond his on ego laced and emotional limitations . There are reason that is so and they are revealed in this episode.The name '' Black blotter '' is revealing as those in the known , know LSD was more popularly known as `` white blotter '' back in the day.Not that Walter has a bad trip but once again he re-experiences an abundance of memories of his past ego statistical self in ways that are both comical at times but also haunting.Its clear he had an affair with his female nemesis and she is his guide through this trip.There are some great surprises to and not to give it all away but if you are fan of Monty Python you will enjoy one sequence.There are also stronger religious symbolism in this episode as well . Is this sexy blonde scientist a Mary Madeline figure ? Dr.Carol Warren is a believer in Christ and wears a gold cross but also reveals some strong moral and scientific arguments against Walter 's past pursuits.She argues with him quoting Oppenheimer.She also represents a sexual passion that is also part of Walter past.The episode ends with maybe the most strongest religious symbolism as the boy at the end of Donald 's radio transmission signal is a boy named Michael . Possibly in reference to Archangel Michael.As the world is in the time of end . `` time of the End '' when there will be `` distress such as has not happened from the beginning of nations '' and that `` At that time Michael , the great prince who protects your people , will arise . `` We will see .
 Hum . . did I miss something here ? I understand this is the last `` SEASON '' but surly this was not the last episode . No new episodes for the last two weeks . I ca n't stand waiting much longer.Anyone have more info?Robin CV
 They come up with some really crazy things in this show . I 'm usually not a sci-fi fan . But I love this show and absolutely love &#34; Walter &#34; He 's my favorite character : -RRB-
 Storyline was really good , ending left you wanting more!love the ability to travel from one world to the other from the special portal .
 I am very sad this show is in it 's last season . It 's my favorite . I look forward to seeing it every friday night , when I ca n't watch it , I can also buy the episode I missed on Amazon .
 Each episode pulls you in and keeps you interested . It is even better without commercials . Amazon also allows me to watch the program at any time . Fringe is a bit complicated , so I do recommend watching from the first episode .
 As a person who 's first science fiction reads were Azimov 's `` Foundation '' and Clarke 's `` Childhoods End '' I thought this show had legs the first year it came out and it only got better.Though I am saddened by the cancellation , I am overjoyed that I have been able to experience the show when I watched it , as I had when I read Azimov and Clarke.So let 's go and find that next great show or read .
 If you missed this amazing series then you missed something absolutely remarkable ! The finale is a triumph of the human spirit which uplifts the entire series to exaltation . I am so glad to have been a part of it and deeply saddened at its passing ! Congratulations to everyone involved . Truly unforgettable !
 I am so sad that this series is going to be over . It has been one of my constants , and a much looked to escape from my job in the fringe division of my profession . Fortunately ! With Amazon Prime , I can get Fringe ALL DAY LONG FOR FREE!I 've been watching the first season as I have been watching the -LRB- sob -RRB- last , and it has been interesting to see the character development and interaction . It 's too bad they could n't have kept Detective Francis . Although , the story leading to his exit was intriguing . The characters of Olivia 's sister and niece made her more personable , and therefor more vulnerable , but not in a good way . Of course , Peter and Olivia 's relationship has been a big draw for me , but my very favorite character , and the one who has made this show a hit is Walter Bishop played by that great actor John Noble . He plays the gamut of emotions , levels of sanity , changes from a self-absorbed-egomaniacal-genius-mad scientist to a loving father . His relationship with Astrid is the best . He starts with asking her - everytime he sees her - &#34; who are you ? &#34; to calling her by some derivation of her name -LRB- Astro , Asterisk -RRB- . You can tell that Walter has come to recognize as being human , when he starts calling her Astrid.My favorite scene of all time -LRB- so far -- have n't seen finale yet -RRB- is in Season 5 , where they are looking for September and Walter stops Peter , looks at him deeply and earnestly and tells him of all the memories , from different timelines , that he has of him . Walter tells Peter , &#34; Son , I could n't love you any more . &#34; Peter watches his father walk away with the face of a twelve year old boy who used to run down the stairs when he smelled pancakes cooking , because it meant his dad was home . I have to admit , I watch that scene over and over.lOH , yes , I will miss the new stories . Miss being surprised and trying to figure it out . Thank you to the writers , crew , cast , etc for giving us five years of Fringe . AND THANK YOU JOHN NOBLE FOR SHARING YOUR INCREDIBLE TALENT ! :
 Yeah , it 's great . And conveniently available on my laptop when I excersize . Nice that it 's also available on my XBox .
 Fringe is a great series ! Could watch it all day every day ! If your into alternate worlds government plots and tons of more supernatural powers from mind reading to evolution . It 's a must watch serious !
 I adore FRINGE and it will remain one of the most remarkable TV shows of all time . I 've watched since the first episode of the series . The final season was rushed in 13 episodes that spurred a lot of questions about how certain things could happen . However , because it 's FRINGE , anything is possible -- so I took the leap and just went with the course of the final episodes . There were many emotionally moving moments in this final season and the finale gave appropriate closure to an amazing journey . I am happy to have been alive to have witnessed this show 's evolution .
 Fringe is a truly original science fiction work that is very entertaining and riveting . It is a thriller type show and excellent drama .
 I have been captivated by this show since the very first episode . The characters are all well crafted , and the actors play them perfectly . Each episode had me hanging on the edge of my seat , until the very end when I had to wait another week for the next episode . I recommend this show .
 I watched the 2 hour series finale tonight . It was absolutely great ! I ca n't wait to buy the Blu-ray set on May 21 -LRB- approx -RRB- . This was my favorite TV show . The clever writing and character development were phenomenal . In many respects it is superior to may big budget films released today.This show had real creativity and imagination ! It is a pity that Warner Bros. decided that the show was too expensive to produce any longer.I really liked and cared about all the main characters . John Noble was particularly delightful as Dr. Walter Bishop . To me , he was the real star of the show as he stole the scenes from the other actors.The fasinating storylines pulled you into the series , I never missed it.I 'm happy to say I own all the released Blu-ray seasons -LRB- 1-4 -RRB- of this wonderful show . So much of TV is poor quality and boring these days . Fringe was always a treat . I never had a problem staying awake during the showings .
 I am very sad that today the series is ending . It has been a lot of fun and I wish everyone involved the best .
 Has JJ Abrams finally mastered the art of the finale ? This was a great wrap up to my favorite how of the last several years . Emotionally satisfying , packed a lot of action and thrill into a story that mostly stayed true to the characters ' core selves .
 Fringe was a great program , especially the later seasons . Things start a bit slow for the first two seasons . I need few more words for the review , so here they are .
 I remember watching the first episode of this series when it first came out . I was excited about it from the previews and because J.J. Abrams was involved . But somehow I just did n't get into it . I watched a couple shows here and there over the years , but because I had n't been following it , I did n't really understand what was going on . It was n't until the last -LRB- fifth -RRB- season that I caught a couple of shows and became really intrigued by it . But I knew there was a lot of backstory I was n't familiar with , and I wanted to be able to watch the whole thing from the beginning . I tried on demand , but the only episodes I could see there were the most recent ones from the current season . Then I got a Kindle Fire for Christmas , and lo and behold , there was Fringe . I could actually watch the whole thing from the beginning ! And that 's what I did . I caught up with everything and then watched the last -LRB- final -RRB- episodes on TV . This show is fascinating to watch . It 's a little like &#34; Lost &#34; and a little like &#34; X files &#34; , but does n't deal with the supernatural . It 's all about high tech , futuristic kinds of things that are more within the realm of plausibility . The characters are people you come to care about , and the pieces all pretty well fit together more coherently than &#34; X files &#34; , which I loved , but it kind of went off the rails toward the end , and left too many loopholes and things that did n't fit together . I really enjoyed how they tied this all together . It 's a suspense kind of thriller , but with a lot of heart and soul . I enjoyed my time absorbed in this series , and am very sorry to see it end . I highly recommend this to people who love science fiction , people who love high tech thrillers , and people who just love getting into a good story .
 I really hated to see Fringe go off the air , but I feel like they did a great job with 5th season .
 I only bought one episode because it did not record for me on my DVR but it worked perfectly . One of my favorite shows . Going to miss Walter and the crew .
 Great Show ca n't believe it is over . Hope JJ comes out with another great show , Fringe and Lost how can you top those !!!
 very good show glad they were able to end the season without just cancelling them like they usually do and replace with stupid reality moron shows
 anybody who who watched the weries and was a fan knows this is a amazing end to a great story !
 The actors made the characters come alive ... including their alternate universe characters . One of the few shows I was hooked on while it was airing .
 Became obsessed with Fringe , mainly because I have watched all the other shows on Amazon and Netflix . But this is a good one !
 The final season meets my expectations . The action and mystery is consistant ; ca n't wait for the conclusion although at the same time I hate to see the series end .
 Fringe has become my favorite show to watch and just had to get caught up on the series before the Sixth Season starts on Friday . If you have never watched before I recommend you watch the Seasons in order so you can follow the plot line that is a little complication and confusing . Seasons 1 thru 4 are free with Prime Membership !
 This season is very different from the last 4 . Mad applause to the whole production team for taking the chances they did . This season plays out like a 13 hour film . It is epic on scale and just like other seasons , the story arch is incredible . I love this show and I 'm sad to see it go . The acting , music , cinematography , and special effects have also stepped up their game this season .
 My husband and I discovered how awesome Fringe was about 6 weeks ago . This has led to late night mini marathons and zombie - like days . I only give this information as a warning ... . Fringe is addictive ! The fifth season threw me a bit for a loop . . It is n't my favorite . itt certainky is darker and there is less of a variety of '' fringe science . '' But , I appreciate they are answering questions and tying up loose ends . What I love most about Fringe is that though there are cliff hangers that are whoppers , they are quickly resolved , unlike Lost . If you love sci-fi , suspense , mystery , humor , and science/music/pop culture/history references in your shows . Fringe has it all .
 This is a JJ Abrams masterpiece , do n't miss a second of it , the best of the genre just be careful not to become addicted . Sci fi at its finest trust me !!!
 Excellent way to end the series ! Interesting storyline and plot development . Easy to follow yet still true to the original sci-if premise . Will be dearly missed
 What can I say - this is one of our favorite shows and we were sad that it never found the numbers that it needed to stay alive - but glad that FOX did give us this season to end it , which has not been a disappointment in the least !
 Fringe is one of the greatest syfy besides all of the Stargate movies and sitcoms I have ever watched . I really love the show and am quite sad that it has ended . I really hope J.J. Abrams come up with another powerful idea . Thanks for the memories !!!!
 This is just good story telling . Shame , this , the final season . Fringe has so many potential directions it could spin ... an infanite and boundless possibilities type story . If you like good Sci-Fi , you will like Fringe .
 This show has something for everyone . Comedy , drama , action & a little romance . Superb!Fringe is my favorite show . I love Walter !
 This review will contain spoilers for prior episodes and from the PROMOTIONAL COMMERCIALS FOR THIS EPISODE , but not for the major plot events . Therefore , there will be no major episode spoilers.After the sensational events of the prior episode , `` Origin Story '' handles the fallout . And what exceptional fallout it is , with the series ' `` big three '' providing an emotional roller coaster , contributed to by John Prosky -LRB- the captured Observer -RRB- . Plotwise , this episode contained some unmissable developments -LRB- though a few more would be nice , i.e. how they managed to capture an Observer , and why on Earth they 've left poor Astrid in the lab to herself when she should be out being badass -RRB- . It revisited `` Reciprocity '' in a powerful way as `` angry!Peter '' made his return with a terrifying vengeance . I felt , however , that the episode undermined its own plot partway through - I can say no more on this due to spoiler reasons , but it created a rather hollow-feeling first half in terms of development and pacing.However , all of this paled in comparison to the moments in which we were able to see how each team member handled their grief - and the hints at what it means for their futures . Joshua Jackson in particular delivered a remarkable performance leading up to a dramatic twist , one that I absolutely ca n't wait to see pan out in terms of overall plot and the relationships between the characters.While I 'm still concerned by Astrid being mostly stuck in the lab , the rest of the show is progressing smoothly and powerfully for an emotional final season .
 This review will contain spoilers for prior episodes and from the PROMOTIONAL COMMERCIALS FOR THIS EPISODE , but not for the major plot events . Therefore , there will be no major episode spoilers.After the sensational events of the prior episode , `` Origin Story '' handles the fallout . And what exceptional fallout it is , with the series ' `` big three '' providing an emotional roller coaster , contributed to by John Prosky -LRB- the captured Observer -RRB- . Plotwise , this episode contained some unmissable developments -LRB- though a few more would be nice , i.e. how they managed to capture an Observer , and why on Earth they 've left poor Astrid in the lab to herself when she should be out being badass -RRB- . It revisited `` Reciprocity '' in a powerful way as `` angry!Peter '' made his return with a terrifying vengeance . I felt , however , that the episode undermined its own plot partway through - I can say no more on this due to spoiler reasons , but it created a rather hollow-feeling first half in terms of development and pacing.However , all of this paled in comparison to the moments in which we were able to see how each team member handled their grief - and the hints at what it means for their futures . Joshua Jackson in particular delivered a remarkable performance leading up to a dramatic twist , one that I absolutely ca n't wait to see pan out in terms of overall plot and the relationships between the characters.While I 'm still concerned by Astrid being mostly stuck in the lab , the rest of the show is progressing smoothly and powerfully for an emotional final season .
 Fringe is such a great show . It always keep me guessing and being a detective -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- show with a little comedy too is great !
 It 's too bad this is the last season . There are not many smart , entertaining shows on TV . The creators needed to figure out a way to close the series out , and I do like this story arc , even though I 'm not sure it 's totally seamless with the past four seasons . But the people behind the series are very creative and talented , so you never know , they might yet tie things in nicely.This particular episode moves the season along well
 Wish this show would go one for a another couple of seasons but after watching this episode I can see how the writers are intent with going out with a bang . The death of Peter and Olivia 's daughter results in some shocking actions taken by one of the characters . Do n't want to spoil it for anyone by writing any more . Take my word on it , just watch the episode as soon as you can .
 Grrrrreeeeaaaaattttt !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love the Fringe concept and all the actors in it . Each episode is exciting to watch . I own Seasons 1 through 4 now and ca n't wait till Season 5 is available for purchase .
 I have loved Fringe from the very first episode of Season 1 . Well written , great cast , terrific acting , wonderful plots !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This Ep was slow for action but filled story line requirements of materialsfor getting rid of the Observers . The rocks recovered had a price of life butstill unknown how they fit in.The actors did a good job but episode kind of draggedon with little learned about how we get to the final .
 Sadly this is the end of one of the best sci fi shows tv has ever had . It was n't about monsters as much as about ideas and family . This episode is no different . This show is for those who want intelligent stories and you get that here . As the recordists are trying to perserve history by recorning it . But should they start making it ? You will find out in this episode . Fringe is out on the edges of tv still , because it dared to stick to it 's guns and not become a simple show that was a space opera . I love thta type of sci fi but this type is like the best of sci fi writing , deep and thought provoking .
 Please note that due to the `` story-centric '' nature of this episode , it will be very hard to review and maintain a `` spoiler-free '' zone . Review quality may suffer due to vagueness , but I refuse to contribute to spoilers for those who have not yet watched.This `` story-centric '' approach is a compliment to the episode , however . The plot is marching on forcefully now , and the audience is in for a very , very good ride . Fringe is generally well-paced , high points of action interspersed with quieter moments for the audience to catch their breath is an approach that has served it well . In its fifth season this idea has been perfected , with high and low beats leading up to an exceedingly powerful ending.Lance Reddick -LRB- Broyles -RRB- returns and delivers one of his best performances to date . I wo n't say just how , but I will say that we see a side of Broyles that genuinely took 4 seasons to build , and the payoff is enormous . Micahel Kopsa -LRB- Windmark -RRB- also gets to press his character farther , and finally places Windmark in the brilliant ranks of Jones and Newton . Fringe deserves a lot of compliments , but its antagonists are genuinely brilliant . -LRB- It goes without saying at this point that the rest of the cast maintained their usual level of quality , which is excellent . -RRB- The team takes the offensive in this episode , rolling out to find another piece of Walter 's plan . This was also very rewarding , especially after `` proactive Peter '' of Season 3 did n't turn out to be that proactive at all . The team is forced into some unconventional tactics that turn out to be a friendly -LRB- if gross -RRB- nod to season 1 viewers , and those kinds of callbacks are part of the tiny details that make Fringe truly special . Speaking of gross , the special effects range from awe-inspiring to gut-twisting , with the effects team clearly on top of their game . `` Bullet '' is a powerful , moving episode that will have an enormous impact upon Fringe mythology , and delivers without a moment 's hesitation .
 This show was a phenomenally original sic-fi series . It was a bit predictable at times but that is kind of why I liked it . The only reason this season does n't get 5 stars is because Olivia 's character showed no development throughout the series . This could be said of most characters on this show but it especially fits her . Fringe is original and entertaining .
 I chose a 5 rating because it was action packed with a Science Fiction Plot , the character Walter Bishop makes the Show exciting , you never know what Walter will do , the people called the &#34; Observers &#34; are people that can travel through time , and read minds , it is an exciting Science fiction show that is not to far fetched as compared to Science fantasy . The show also raises issues about ethics and human belief .
 I love this series but just heard they end in :--LRB- I just wish it did not cost two dollars .
 I really enjoyed the Fringe series , but Season 5 kind of strayed from the show 's original premise . Having the observers go from a side story to morphing into evil aliens whose intent was to take over the world seems silly . Seemed like the writers ran out of new ideas and settled on the easy way to wrap it up . The writing is tight , the characters are compelling , but I 'm just not buying the final plot twist .
 I ca n't believe how many reviews missed the key component of Fringe -- Anna Torv . She and Claire Danes -LRB- Homeland -RRB- are the two best actresses on TV ... ever.Torv was the most fun when her parallel world counterpart was on the show -- someone whose every gesture and move were readily distinguishable from Olivia 's . And , in either role , Torv listening is more entertaining than other actors emoting or delivering lines . She is THERE and her face subtly shows an inner life and reaction to all that occurs.I 'll miss Fringe , but I 'll miss Torv even more if she does n't come up soon with another series that is well-written enough to allow her to show what she can do .
 Great show and I would have rated 5 stars except they left some story lines unresolved so there are questions out there ... otherwise its an excellent show .
 It seems as if the last episodes are dedicated to checking off items from a grocery list.Magnet , Check . Rocks from a mine , Check . Bald headed boy , Check.Kill of the daughter that was prettier than her Mom , Check.I keep holding out for a few good episodes .
 I have watched a lot of sci-fi shoes over the years and this one is the best . The story lines are interesting enough but not chessey . The characters have enough depth that you can relate to them but not so much to be a soap opera .
 Fringe is one of the best sci-fi series on television ever . Terrific characters , plots and new season twists . The actors were cast perfectly and stayed for all 5 seasons . Reminds me a lot of the fascination of X-Files and the enjoyment experienced watching those episodes . I missed the early episodes and used Amazon Instant Video to catch up . Will probably buy the rest as well to keep Season 5 in my Amazon video library to watch again !
 I am sad this is the last season of the show . I enjoyed all the story lines . The characters had excellent chemistry . I am sad to see it go .
 Really what will they think of next ! Been a fan and following this Fringe from the first season ! Very little new good sci fi anymore . So I am gon na hate seeing this one go
 i have watched Fringe from the beginning and will miss it once the season has finished . Interesting plot lines , great characters . Nicely done show .
 Science fiction and drama at it 's best . The characters are fully developed and the plot line keeps you wanted to watch &#34; just one more &#34; even though it is already midnight . I consider it worth the lost sleep . Enjoy !
 Everything about this show is great . It 's a shame it must come to an end . Love it . Glad to see we can see it in reruns .
 This show has continued to intrigue me and I look forward to it ! I 'm so sad that this is the last season ! It seems like all the good shows end too early .
 Always novel and compelling , Fringe Season 5 is as good as Syfy gets on TV . Great characters , excellent writing and always fun to watch .
 I 'm going to miss this show . It is well conceived , scripted , acted and produced . Too bad the public does n't like shows that require thinking .
 I think this shows offers a world of possibilities at the same time taking the viewer outside the ordinary world . Fringe is smart and I would categorize it as a Sci-fi drama .
 This was a great purchase and allowed me to catch up on Season 5 - highly recommend it to anyone who loves a good thriller sci-fi .
 I 'm reviewing this show just about halfway though the season . So far , Fringe has n't lost its edge as far as creative storyline and character depictions . Every season adds a new element and the show has n't ceased to captivate me . It just sucks it has to come to an end .
 It 's about time there was a good science fiction series on television . My whole family loves Fringe . Had to order the series !
 Wish this was n't the last season :-LRB- I am quite addicted to the show . Has all the elements of great SCIFI .
 I was heartbroken when I realized I will never see the ending !! I watched all five seasons from beginning to apparently no end . I enjoyed it so much . It was like science fiction being invented . I grew up with all the old sci-fi , from black and white to everything I could find on our three channels every Saturday night . I will miss this series and shame on whoever canceled it .
 Have been watching this show since it came out and I was behind on the last few episodes . Great show , ca n't wait till more comes out .
 I spotted Fringe on SF Channel ... Used my Amazon Prime to catch up on all but Season 5 . Season Five costs money , and I was interested enough I bought it ... Fringe is/was a good series , but it started getting sort of way out there in Season four ... They compressed the story lines at the end of Season 4 , then re-expended them again in Season 5 ... Still OK , but getting a bit spread out as far as story line is going ...
 I 've enjoyed Season 5 , but not nearly as much as the first 4 seasons . With the culmination of the alternate universe plots -LRB- original and second time line -RRB- the we lost the second set of characters and their fascinating interactions with the first set . The rule of the Observers has offered some interest , but the story line contains too many plot holes and took little character development with the main characters , and one -LRB- and probably two by the final&eacute; -RRB- contrived deaths.I actually just discovered the series recently , and am watching the first four seasons on DVD straight through for the second time after having finished the first 10 episodes of Season 5 . My brother , who urged me for years to watch Fringe and loves it himself , agrees that Season 5 does n't live up to the first four seasons . I will say , however , that based on the coming attractions , the series final&eacute; appears likely to offer a great finish to a great series .
 I like the space it gives the viewer ; the pauses give depth and meaning to the interactions instead of subjecting us to constant bombardment . The plot acknowledges that you may completely miss what you 're looking at . If the plot is going where I think it is , it will be sending a message of redemption .
 This season was great and the entire series is awesome . It can get wild at times but stick with it great characters !
 great plot and writing , acting , likeable characters and actors . The vancouver bc filming location is a great one too because I live ther
 I started watching this series on amazon instant video , and I have to say it was captivating from the start . I am a fan of supernatural and this was a whole other side of supernatural . I would recommend this to everyone and wish there could have been more seasons .
 It took me back to a time when I could n't wait to watch the X-Files . It was Sci-Fi fun all over again and all the actors had good chemistry . Worth watching .
 So sorry it 's been cancelled . The last season was clearly a winding down story , so not as exciting as previous seasons , but still the best sci-fi on tv ever .
 One of the most creative and well written shows comes to an end . It 's sad to see it go with nothing of equal value to replace it with . Walter ... you 're the man .
 My husband and I just finished Season 4 on Netflix and we were happy to have an easy -LRB- straight to our Wii -RRB- , no hassle way to watch the completion of this fantastic series .
 enjoyed the series . Sorry to see intend ... Was vey easy to purchase and download from amazon ... Will continue to use Amazon to purchase other series I 've misses
 I have been a fan of Fringe since it began , I can honestly say that if you are an X Files fan , you will definitely love Fringe ! I am sad to see the show go.Anyway , the fifth season is different than the previous four seasons as it is set 21 years in the future , I will say that if you can get past the fact that it is set in the future it is a very good season . Another great product from JJ Abrams .
 This is by far the best sci - fi series to air this decade . I will sorely miss the cast and storylines . I can honestly say I will miss my weekly dose of Fringe .
 I love how each show has a beginning and end and but leaves little bit for the next show this is really a great series , too bad this is the last year . I will miss it
 It looks like they had a bit of a comeback this year . Although I love every season , this one in particular is pretty awesome . Too bad it 's the last season .
 I have been enjoying Fringe since the very 1st season . Too bad it 's almost over . It 's not even a complete 5th season ...
 Watch it ! See for yourself ! My review will not do it justice . Best show I 've seen so far of this sort .
 Great show . JJ Abrams does it again ! I do n't want to put in any spoilers , but they show really evolves over the 5 going from XFiles-like in the beginning to something completely different at the end . A fun ride .
 FRINGE ALL SEASONS have been 5 + stars for me . However , as a 15 year customer of Amazon & Prime Member , I do n't believe we should have to pay for any episodes .
 Love this series , they take some really fun liberties with sci-fi and I think it pays off . Dr Bishop totally makes this show work , he 's such a hugely multi-faceted character . Do n't pass up this series ... at least watch some of season one .
 This series is very well written and has a very talented cast , the stories as well as character relationships and development are absolutely superb making the impossible ... possible !!!
 kept me hooked for days . one of the best sic-fi series available . . and free for prime members . Thank you very much amazon
 love this show . great not to have the comercials . nice to be alble to watch them over and over again
 If you liked previous seasons , you 'll probably like this one . Unless , of course , you do n't care for jumps into the future , but who does n't like those ?
 Great show . The ideas are great even if the logical progression is a stretch at times . Highly recommended . Great science fiction !
 Still the most disorienting , playful , thought-provoking , visually-interesting sf on television . And Walter is , as ever , a delight . Eager to see how it all wraps up .
 I will miss Fringe -- the final season has been great ! That 's all that I have to say -- enjoyable
 I have been watching and enjoying each season of Fringe on my kindle . I hate to see this show end !
 Terrific ! J.J. Abrams just keeps the creative mind in hyper gear ~ this benefits all the fans who like to be pulled out of their comfort zone and into the Fringe!Thanks J.J. !
 Fringe is the best sci fi tv show I have ever seen . Walter cracks me up with his absent minded ways and the action sequences are pretty intense for a tv show . Wish season 5 was n't the last season .
 Fringe never disappoints ! Great balance between drama and lighthearted escapades . I will truly miss this show . I see hunkering down this winter with some Fringe season marathons .
 It is a shame smart , entertaining , and unique shows like this get cancelled . This is the best season yet.J.J . Abrams if you read this please consider continuing the seris .
 Ca n't get enough of Walter ! The whole cast does an excellent job as the story moves into the future . Awesome !
 I discovered this show just a couple of months ago . My husband and I then proceeded to watch every episode starting with season 1 up to the most recent episode for the 5th season at a frenetic pace . I am now having severe withdrawal symptoms because we are caught up and now waiting for the next episode that does n't air until next Friday . I ca n't say anything bad about this show . It is going to be so sad to see it end . I can only hope it will be renewed for another year .
 Things are semi wrapped up in this final season with many jaw dropping moments . I love it and have recommended this series to lots of people .
 This series ia a great combination of smart Sci-Fi , riveting drama , and lots of humor . The acting is top notch and the writing is terrific with unexpected twists and turns in every episode .
 Amazon instant video is great . I watch what I want when I want and the video is smooth and clear . I can pause restart and replay anytime nothing could easier .
 I got &#34; hooked on this show in the second season , interesting charaters and story keeps you coming back for more !
 Fringe is a meaningful series . How do we overcome the mechanical , loss of feeling associated with the digital age and connect in a deeply loving way with one another ? How do we support in ourselves and others a commitment to keeping our world human ? I love the characters . Every week the characters struggle with these questions .
 having sex , being naked and every story here does not have a happy ending . fringe is cutting edge thought prokoving science fiction , the only question i have is , how did it last 5 seasons ? 90 % of the stuff on TV is crap and the good shows get cancelled.its to bad because , given the oppertunity , the plot line story here could branch off into any other places . there is tremendous room for growth here.at least I can get the 5 seasons on DVD and watch it in leiu of the other garbage on free TV .
 Fringe is the best science fiction series I have seen . It has explored every possible cross dimensional platform . It keeps your imagination wanting more . The final direction of the show is interesting and a bit surprising . I 'm sorry to see it go . I feel they could have continued to explore many areas and kept it interesting .
 fringe is awesome . i am sorry that the current season is the final one . however , i must say that this current season is not as good as the others .
 This has been a great sci-fi series ! No matter what you think is about to happen ... the plot turns and keeps you guessing . Great acting and great story line . Sad to see this is the final season .
 Great program sad to see it go . There was nothing else like it on tv . Now there is nothing that I look forward to watching .
 Great writing , great cast . Watch it.My favorite character is Walter . He has some of the best lines on the show .
 Cheaper than buying from iTunes , but frustrating to have to pay for it when it was free on TV a few months ago if I had n't missed it . Commercial free was a plus . Streams well .
 Those writers are incredible . I will miss this show . The cast has been consistently pushing themselves . I am not a huge fan of science fiction but got hooked on this story and character progression .
 I m very sad the series is finished now . This was a great series , always twisting and changing , like a fast visual roller coaster .
 I will miss this series so much . I was so facinated by the mix of science and fiction . The 5th season did not dissappoint .
 Great show , episodes were very clear!No loading or buffering issues!I Love it!Great!Will continue to watch prime !
 I have been a fan of fringe since season 1 . And I 'm happy to say that this season has reminded me of the feelings I got when I first started watching it . They lost a little with season 4 but wow did they come back strong with the final season . I will be sad to see it go .
 This show is amazing !! I got caught up in it when it first aired and then lost track of it for a while . When I heard that it was still on TV I literally sat down and watched all the episodes back to back . This final season is amazing . It is an awesome way to bring back the series as a whole and I can not wait to see the last episode !! For anyone who is a sci-fi fan or watched Lost or Alias , this is definitely the show for you !!
 Loved this series . The series took a few obscure turns - I never watched &#34; The X Files &#34; but I 'm sure it had its similarities . If this show had more seasons and its writers were happier it could have made more sense along its way . Now that its over I 'm satisfied with its progress throughout these years . I 'm especially satisfied with its ending .
 Great ending to a great series - Does n't suffer from predictability . A little shorter than expected though with only 13 episodes instead of the typical 23 or so .
 Everything I expected and more . It 's refreshing to watch a series finale that wraps up the plot lines with such finesse . I will truly miss this series .
 This show just continued to get better with each episode ! I am so tired of reality television scoring season after season , but shows that actually make you think , or at least allow your mind to have to process a story line and characters , continue to be taken away . It is just sad what people watch . SAD . On a brighter note , I love this show ! I do not want it to end yet , but it will . I just started season 5 ... and I am trying to take my time . Because when it is over ... it is ... If you have n't started Fringe , do so . It takes time , but in season 's 4 and 5 it all becomes worth it !
 Love this series and the mind bending concepts exhibited throughout Its ' run . Will miss watching these wonderful actors and actresses , too .
 Fringe is one of the best series i 've watched in a long time . Even in this final season it kept suspense and ended without disappointment . All seasons are definitely worth a watch .
 The two show , two hour , finale of Fringe gave Uverse a tummy ache , which in turn gave me a rage attack . Luckily Amazon Unbox was only a click away with a $ 2 solution .
 Due to a conflict error on my DVR , I missed the season finale !!!!!! This filled the void quite nicely . Much more convenient than buying the DVDs - less expensive and no storage problems . I 'm an Amazon Digital convert ! Will buy here from now on . Quality is excellent .
 Fringe taunts , teases and makes you think . Smart writing , not afraid to push the envelope and even now and then make a mistake - this show is tv at its best . I am grateful to be able to power watch this show on my terms .
 A really great ending to a really great show . I am extremely happy that I watched it . Though now I am bummed that it is over : -LRB-
 This is by far one of the greatest series of all time . It has UNBELIEVABLE characterization , amazingly cool storylines , and it all connects one way or another . This season is SO amazing , and an amazing , tragic , climactic end to a brilliant series .
 I enjoyed this series from the very beginning . Joshua Jackson and Anna Torv were superb together and showed great chemistry.I will buy the complete DVD series for my DVD collection .
 This show was great start to finish.My wife and I watched this show intently , we started and stayed with it all the way through.We have missed it since finishing season five just a few weeks ago.My wife is not typically a sci-fi person but she loved it.The character setwas great and the cast especially Walter was outstanding , he so nailed his part .
 Ok , I 'll admit that going into the fifth and final season of Fringe was an adjustment from the last four seasons . The format was very different and not like it had been . But the beauty of this season made the change of pace more than worth it.At the end of season 4 we have September warning Walter of the coming invasion of the Observers . Jumping into season 5 , it jumps 20 years into the future when the observers have been in control of the world.The fight to save humanity and defeat the observers is an incredibly written story.I would say without a shadow of the a doubt that the highlight of this season for me was the amazingly strong character moments we got the witness . They really stepped it up in this last season . Seeing Olivia -LRB- Anna Torv -RRB- meet her adult daughter after 20 years is moving . Seeing her die is gut-wrenching . The character moments are so raw and real you realize how much you have invested in these people over the last four years and how much you love them . The ending of the show was perfectly written and a fitting end of a one-of-a-kind sci fi show .
 I know I 'll be blasted by other big Fringe fans , as I have learned that there is hate mongering going on in Amazon 's review blogs if you do n't rate something exactly as THEY want it , but I although I am a H-U-G-E fan of Fringe , I could not give this SEASON 5 all five stars . Basically , I did n't think that it was as strong as any of the other seasons . It was more like a poorly written episode that was stretched to complete an entire season ... as is evident by them having to find 7 videos buried all in the same place , but nearly foiled at every turn by the observers and their miracle like way of moving around , and yet they still drove to different places.The writers &#34; revealed &#34; new things about the Observers that never appeared before , and really did n't make a whole lot of sense . So I was constantly having to suspend my disbelief.For example , the Observers self-contained teleportation ability . But up until now we were led to believe that this way they had appeared was because they arrived from their time to ours . Now they can teleport now at-will , anywhere they want , whenever they want . So , why get in a car to chase the heroes ? Also , they have all their abilities because of a small device in the base of the brain ? I thought they had evolved . But if you take this out , they become &#34; human &#34; again?I still gave it four stars since I really like most everything other about the show , but this is not their best season .
 Best show on television ! Great stories and the acting is wonderful . . My favorite character is Walter . . But I love them all . Science fiction like nothing else .
 The ending to one of my favorite shows . Love it . Hate to see it end ... . Great story and excellent writing in the sci-fi genre .
 I loved this series . So different from anything else on TV . Season 5 was very different from the previous seasons but it was perfect the way the writers tied everything together in the last few episodes into a nice bow !
 I love this show . Sure , the series had its writing ups and downs , but overall this was a great show . Loved the performances of the actors , but especially John Noble . Season Five definitely does n't hold any punches in the we 'll - explore-any-possible-storyline department . It 's definitely a stretch , even for fringe , but I think that the writers , actors , and production team did an extremely good job pulling it all together .
 Only reason I did n't give 5 stars was I thought they waited too long to tie back in characters and events from previous years . Still love this show though , watched all 5 seasons in about a month 's time .
 The fifth season definitely took me for a ride ! Suspenseful and action packed . They need to release a 6th season NOW !!!
 Loved the story line each season . And the actors fit perfectly in their respective roles . Cudos to each on their &#34; alternate universe &#34; protrayals . Hate to see the series end !
 I LOVE this series and it was just awesome to be able to watch the entire season . Streaming it was flawless .
 I started watching the show when it first came out and caught a few episodes here and there over the last 5 years . Thanks to the miracle that is on-demand viewing , I was able to watch all five seasons right up to the last two episodes while taking my turn with the flu over Christmas . I love this show ! It is nearly perfectly balanced in the elements of intellect , emotion , action , aesthetics , and quirk . It seems like we are losing the last bastion of intelligent television when this series ends on Friday .
 This is one of the most creative and engaging series I 've ever followed on television . Too bad it had to end
 Fringe is an imagination bender that makes you wonder what is really out there . The entire series kept me steadily watching to see what 's next , what 's next . There was never a dull moment in any of the seasons . Props for the creators , cast and all those who were fortunate enough to take part in the creation of this magnificent television series . WAO !
 I 've been there , done that and have seen a lot , my grey hair attest to it , but I 've been so hook on anything like this ...
 I love this show . I watched all the past seasons on Amazon and barely left the couch for a week . : -RRB-
 Fringe Will Take Your Mind On The Ride Of Its Lifetime !! Truly Amazing ! Season 5 takes you beyond reality and science !
 I discovered this show well into its third season . I love the characters , the witty writing , and the pacing and plot . It filled a sci-fi void from my X-Files days . In some ways -LRB- mysteries resolved more quickly -RRB- , I like it better than X Files .
 This is a great show . If you like Sci Fi , you 'll like this show . The story is super intriguing , sucks you in . The actors are great , really good chemistry . Watched most of all five seasons in two weeks , was super addicted .
 Please note that due to the `` story-centric '' nature of this episode , it will be very hard to review and maintain a `` spoiler-free '' zone . Review quality may suffer due to vagueness , but I refuse to contribute to spoilers for those who have not yet watched.This `` story-centric '' approach is a compliment to the episode , however . The plot is marching on forcefully now , and the audience is in for a very , very good ride . Fringe is generally well-paced , high points of action interspersed with quieter moments for the audience to catch their breath is an approach that has served it well . In its fifth season this idea has been perfected , with high and low beats leading up to an exceedingly powerful ending.Lance Reddick -LRB- Broyles -RRB- returns and delivers one of his best performances to date . I wo n't say just how , but I will say that we see a side of Broyles that genuinely took 4 seasons to build , and the payoff is enormous . Micahel Kopsa -LRB- Windmark -RRB- also gets to press his character farther , and finally places Windmark in the brilliant ranks of Jones and Newton . Fringe deserves a lot of compliments , but its antagonists are genuinely brilliant . -LRB- It goes without saying at this point that the rest of the cast maintained their usual level of quality , which is excellent . -RRB- The team takes the offensive in this episode , rolling out to find another piece of Walter 's plan . This was also very rewarding , especially after `` proactive Peter '' of Season 3 did n't turn out to be that proactive at all . The team is forced into some unconventional tactics that turn out to be a friendly -LRB- if gross -RRB- nod to season 1 viewers , and those kinds of callbacks are part of the tiny details that make Fringe truly special . Speaking of gross , the special effects range from awe-inspiring to gut-twisting , with the effects team clearly on top of their game . `` Bullet '' is a powerful , moving episode that will have an enormous impact upon Fringe mythology , and delivers without a moment 's hesitation .
 I am so glad that Fringe gets 13 more episodes . If the rest of the season is as good as this premiere , it 's going to be the best of the series . Going out on a high note is what this wonderful show deserves.Everyone gave killer performances , but especially John Noble . The end has a beautiful message . Hope can be found in the smallest of cracks .
 Love Fringe and this is the season where every thing that has ever happened gets tied together . Season 4 seemed to do that but there were still some lingering issues such as the Observers and the child that found that they found a few seasons back that seems to be an Observer child . Now that child may play the pivotal role of the whole series .
 The fifth and final season of FRINGE is about 4 weeks away and I keep hoping that it wo n't end . All good things do end and I will miss the characters , especially Walter , very much . I am currently watching seasons 1 - 4 again and it is going to be an emotional farewell on my part to say the least .
 Fringe has been the best series I have ever seen . It is killing me to know this will be the final season . Great science fiction and acting . Have all the previous seasons on DVD .
 5 Stars highly recommended , great series , great story line & Characters , lots of twists and turns keeps you interested through the entire series
 Mild start with episode 1 , but then 2 through 4 has been soaring high notes , with 4 being outstanding . As always the acting is solid and it 's in high gear .
 Whoa . What can I say ? This is one of those plots that just plain blows your mind ! It killed me.Some here complain about the poor streaming . I can only say that it probably has nothing to do with Amazon and more to do with a person 's bandwidth . We live out in the rurals and sometimes our internet is crappy , and to watch a movie or a TV episode and have it start and stop a dozen times , is just too much . So , we now start a show and then pause it for 15 minutes to allow it to buffer . After that , it 's smooth sailing . I figure , what the heck , so it takes an hour to watch the episode this way , but it would if we were watching it straight from the TV , but we would have to suffer through or fast forward through the commercials . This is better . You just have to find a way to work with the system or beat it at it 's own game .
 This show is excellent ! Have been a fan since it started back in 2008 and am sad to see it end.A must see for any sci-fi fan or if you just want to watch a smart engaging show !
 Totally awesome series . Too bad the 5th season is the last . But I 'm happy it does n't has n't left you hanging .
 The team returns to Walter 's Lab in a quest to find out if Walter had left a record of his plan to defeat the invading Observers . This episode has everything I love about Fringe ; a little ick factor ; science ; humor , family moments , and heart . Plus , IMO , one of the most gut-wrenching , horrifying scenes of the series .
 I was unable to watch my local FOX affiliate because of their horrible business policy of extorting $ from -LRB- FOX Broadcasting -RRB- COMCAST 's competitors . AMAZON came to the rescue and provided the series shows that i needed . I thought the price was fair considering others wanted personal information upfront . I trust AMAZON more in that regard .
 Episode 13
 and I will miss these characters . I never understood why John Noble -LRB- Walter -RRB- never got an Emmy . Peter was the weakest link , but still loved him .
 Amazing writers - Walter is extreme talent .5 stars to whoever chooses about 80 percent of the soundtrack as well !!!
 I loved this show when it first came out . As soon as we hit the season where there are multiple of all characters I lost interest . Simply because I could n't keep up with who was who from which time . I have seen a few of the newer ones & am glad to see that multiple worlds may be a thing of the past . Anyhow . . I still give it 5 stars because it deserves them , it 's not their fault I ca n't keep track .
 It had a great cast , brilliant writing and was smart . That is missing from some shows nowadays . Plan on purchasing the final season on DVD once it completes !
 This was one of the most entertaining shows out there on tv period . So sad it has to end ! Boo Fox
 The fifth and final season for my favorite `` new '' tv show . Too bad it 's ending . If you 're a Prime member you can stream the first 4 seasons free !!
 Great suspense , acting and special effects.One of my favorite shows and sad to see this is the last season !
 This is the perfect example of a show that is better to watch on BluRay or streaming to where you can watch multiple episodes in a short amount of time . The story builds on itself and the payoffs for fans start coming in season 4 and season 5 has been the best yet . Ca n't wait to see how the show wraps up with just a few episodes remaining.Other shows I love
 I spent my holiday break getting addicted to Fringe -LRB- thank you Amazon Prime ! -RRB- only to find out that this is its last season . Just when I found what a great show I 've been missing too . It 's like the X-files but without the aliens , though I 'm still not sure about the observers . The storyline should explain it all when it comes back in February for the last few shows . Fringe really filled that void that I 've had since Heroes and Alcatraz were cancelled . It must have been a victim of poor scheduling because it really is a great show with lots of unexpected twists . Oh well , maybe the SciFi channel will pick it up . Fingers crossed !
 Smart writing , good character development - this series is wonderful and should be watched back to back . We did that with Amazon Prime streaming , and once that ran out at the end of season 4 could n't wait for it to come out here for free . We purchased the first five of the season , and are catching up now via Fox . Do n't hesitate . If you 're a sci-fi buff , this is the one for you .
 Hopefully they 'll continue the last 10 episodes . This has been a great scfi series that brought new characters with a fresh perspective . The plot keeps you constantly guessing where its going next .
 I want some moreeeee &#62; &#62; &#62; &#62; i love the music and the writer/s of this show are unbelievably genius . I hope there will be sixth season .
 Great show from the beginning , but this season put some real creativity into the mix . My only complaint is that its over .
 They just keep you twisting and turning and through in so many great little details for those that are paying attention . I 'm always on the edge of my seat watching-especially in this final season !
 love the show and story line!The actors are great ! Wish they made more . . Hate to see it end . Hope they actors are picked up by another show . Would love to see them again
 Great series . Amazon was quick to deliver new episodes . Video quality was excellent . Now I need another series to watch
 This is one of the `` better '' series I have EVER seen on television . I just watched the last episode and I 'm sorry there are n't going to be more . Excellent acting .
 This is the best show ! I loved the actors in it . The story line , I hope they will keep going and not make this the end !
 Best Sci Fi ever . All of the characters are ones I would like as friends and neighbors . Great show all around .
 This show is a great Sci-Fi &#34; soap &#34; for those who like good clear cut science fiction stories . I have watched entire series up to the latest show produced . The series is fresh and original , and leaves other shows in its wake with original and unpredictable stories . The science concepts used in the show are thought provoking and fresh . If you are a Sci-Fi Geek or Nut you 'll love this show .
 I have been dreading the end of Fringe . So much more than just a SciFi show . What I enjoyed the most was watching the relationship between Walter and Peter grow . This show did a lot of things right , especially taking the time for the little things . Strong character and relationship development is one of the shows biggest attractions and a trademark of JJ Abrams .
 If you 've never watched Fringe or have only seen bits & pieces but , you also call yourself a Sci-Fi fan ... you truly do love everything that is science fiction AND ... , if you 've enjoyed television shows such as the X-Files ... . then , give Fringe a try ! Watch at least 3 or 4 episodes of the first Series . I have no doubt , you 'll enjoy it , & quite possibly , become hooked as well . No . I do believe you 'll love it & come to regret ; just as so many others , including myself , that you had discovered Fringe just a little too late . I kicked myself for learning I 'd found this awesome show literally just DAYS after their announcement that it was being cancelled due to it not having a large enough following . How could I have known?But , the positive here is ... YOU have the awesome privilege of getting to watch one show after another without needing to WAIT for what will happen next ! You do n't need to wait weeks or even two or three months ; an entire season for the new Fall Line-Up of Primetime television shows to reveal what happens to your favorite characters that you 've been following week to week ! No '' ... to be continued . '' at the end of the seasons final episode to drive you absolutely mad ! lol All you need to do is stream the next episode right here ! : DSo many of us had waited patiently for the last final 13 weeks for each episode to finally air . Right up until the last 2 hour finale . As for me ? It was most definitely worth the wait ! Fringe , in my opinion , is quite possibly ; the BEST Science Fiction Series ever played on television ! Certain actors & -LRB- actresses -RRB- should have received awards for their work in Fringe but even I , myself , had only recently discovered Fringe . Therefore , I ca n't be upset if others have too.Perhaps one day , the cast from Fringe will be asked to RETURN ? Oh , what great television that would make ! I can almost pictures how that first episode would look like!But , anyway ... for those of you who 've never watched Fringe , do yourself the favor . 3 episodes is all you need ... I believe that 's all it 'll take for you to become a `` FringeFanatic '' & you 'll have watched all 5 seasons in 3 days...non-stop ! : PEnjoy ! : - -RRB-
 The saving of Walter Bishop . Just chiming in as it looks as though all has been said . Fringe puts other programs/movies to shame and did n't have to use extreme violence or sex to do it . I look forward to watching Fringe on Saturday mornings and now what ?
 This was a show about family.A show which explored the dynamics of choice , consequenses and fate . Every family experiences the full range of life and emotion from intense dread to amazing moments of love and joy.Add in a touch of fringe science to enable the immpossible and we get to see just how far our cast of characters will go to achieve their dreams and life goals.We observed how each person dealt which their own moral compass , their sense of honor and ethics.From day one this series was all about choices , the good , bad and ugly.It was amazing to see that in the end , our three main characters were able to obtain what they truly wanted . Indeed Walter was able to help Peter beat his illness and end up with a wonderful wife and daughter . What more could a father hope for ? In fact if not for walter 's actions , it would have never happened . And in spite of the unethical experimentations on Olivia as a child , he was also able to facilitate her achievement of intense joy and love for Peter and Etta.Walter walks into the future with a great sense of pride and accomplishment as the paradox has now come full circle and encapsulated even the salvation of the future human race.Bravo to the entire cast of characters .
 This is the best sci-fi series EVER . The characters , acting , writing , production , direction are superb . My favorite character is Dr. Walter Bishop , and I commend John Noble for portraying a fascinating , incredible character with perfection.Highly recommended , a great series .
 By using amazon I/we were able to view all of the different seasons at one time so to speak , even though we had to purchase this last 5th season we enjoyed it very much and am looking forward to watching the last 2hour finale coming soon . I will say that if I had to watch it week by week it would have been quite hard to follow . Other than this the series and the actors were all great to watch in their parts .
 Finally a show comes along that is totally original and it is canceled . Oh Well ... The Fringe final 5th season is a great ending to a wonderful show . Ca n't stop watching . You wo n't go wrong buying this series .
 I watched the finale 2 days ago and am still suffering from withdrawal ! Often a complex series , I do not wish to watch it again because of the attention-span it requires , however , I will watch the finale a second time.I wish they would offer us another two-part conclusion for I would very much like to see Dr Walter Bishop in the future ... BTW , John Noble , as Dr. Walter Bishop , offers a very wide ranging talent . Just as importantly , the character he portrays , is one of the best written and developed characters -LRB- IMHO -RRB- on any TV series in TV history , and I am OLD ... The other characters are good , too , Olivia , Peter , and Astrid , are quite lovable , the interaction between the four , very realistic and warm , but Walter Bishop takes the prize . And John Noble , the actor , was born to play this complex part with all its nuances.Fringe is a well written , intelligent , thought-provoking show . Kudos to those who conceived and produced it !
 ... There was n't going to be a fifth season . There was barely a fourth season . It is a miracle , plain and simple , that this show got to finish telling the story it wanted to tell.The only beef you can possibly have with this final season is that it flew by . Because it did . You can tell they had at least three more years ' worth of material , and they had less than a full season to get through all of it.All that said
 Most television programs these days follow a scripted formula . Making each one mimic each other . Putting out cookie cutter suspense and entertainment which is very predictable and common . This is NOT what Fringe does at all . Its plots are refreshingly entertaining ! Finally the mind can get caught into suspense of wondering what will come next .
 I gave the series 5 stars because of its depiction , very believable depiction , of strength in women , in numbers and in those we may think of less - the insanely gifted -LRB- Walter Bishop -RRB- . The series made what dreams we may have seem very real . The idea of alternate universes and timelines can be very surreal to those who think and dream in this vein . I could hardly wait to see what the next challenge would be . The character development through the series made me believe in those individuals and who they were . They always seemed to come back to who they were , no matter the crisis or setback . Walter 's ability to cry made me cry . His constant drive to find the answer was sweetly and sometimes comically off-balance with his inability -LRB- or was it -RRB- to remember Astrid 's name . Her genius and humility allowed the relationship to work . Any other personality would be in a perpetual state of offense . Especially since he managed to get everyone else ` sname right -LRB- except I think one other time with another character - ca n't remember the name :-RRB- Needless to say , Astrid mirrored Walter 's vulnerability beautifully and helped us laugh without apology at his missteps . Olivia 's strength and determination was obvious , but I loved how her boss Broyles gave voice to it in word and action . They started out as opponents but grew to cherish and respect one another . Broyles was the preternatural boss
 Great series!I wish some one finds a way to write more seasons but as they say , &#34; All good this must come to an end &#34;
 My Husband and I could n't wait for the next week to see what was going to happen . We will miss the show and hated to see it end . But we have all the season 's so we can watch it over and over . K.manoff
 This is one of the most original shows I have seen in a long time . The character development is very very good . It makes you feel connected to the action . I am sooo sad it 's over !
 Fringe as an entire show was not always a great show in my opinion . It started off as something very close to X-Files where every episode you see the &#34; fringe of the week &#34; . There was little back story and little attention paid to the rest of the world outside of &#34; Fringe Division &#34; . As the series progressed , I feel like there are a couple of points where the staff completely shifted the direction of the show and in both instances lifted it to new heights , added more to the depth and detail of the story , and created more and more reasons to love the show.The ending of Fringe was great , and really well done . It leaves enough questions to keep you thinking about it , but it gives the viewer enough of a story to not be left hanging like others have done.I would recommend this show to anyone who loves Sci-Fi .
 Season 5 is awesome!The last season of Fringe , so sad to see it go!I loved how everything came together in the end .
 I find myself rivetted to my seat watching every episode . The action , plot and surprise twist are what keeps me watching .
 Was sad to see this series end . I came to love the characters and was so impressed with the actors talent . Great show .
 The long awaited end ? No we could have got a couple of good seasons out of this show . Why are the good shows either canceled or they have contract or people problems ? This show had it all time travel , multi-verses worm holes , alians you name it . What a charming character the scientist was he had a cow in his lab he milked . Weird yes but charming too . Who would think of a cow ? &#34; yea a show about time travel a multiverse oh ya a cow ;-RRB- &#34; funny stuff but at the same time brilliant . Loved it bought all seasons had to have it on dvd just in case they take it off amazon prime .
 Outstanding series . I ca n't say enough about this show . Well worth your time to invest in all five seasons . Fringe and Lost are my two favorite series . JJ Abrams - well done ! Thank you for your intelligent , thought provoking shows and movies . I just hope you 'll consider making a &#34; Fringe &#34; movie now ... please ?
 My wife and started watching Fringe from the beginning of the first season in November 2012 . We had never seen the show before and enjoyed it tremendously . After we caught up on the first four seasons , we purchased Season 5 so we could watch the entire series in chronological order.Fringe is a great series that reminds me of X-Files . Fringe evolved over the course of the series , but continued to be a great science fiction show that focused on relationships between the characters . The entire fifth season is set in the future and wraps up the series nicely .
 Sad to see this show going . But I 'm loving the last season . I like that you can buy them on Amazon when you miss an episode .
 I think this was a very well thought out series . Wish they would never stop making them . Hope you enjoy this bad ass show !
 Did n't want it to end . Wonderful series !! Wish more series were like this series . Sp well written and wonderful development of characters . Such a connection between Peter and Walter .
 I purchased season 's 1-5 . My whole family loved the show . We all watched it together , very interesting and entertaining . I hate that it is over .
 Fringe was and still is one of my favorite tv shows . Love the whole cast . Although season 4 and 5 were not quite as good as season 1-3 I still think fringe had one of the best 5 year run of any tv show that is on right now . I also LOVE the fact that the lead female FBI agent Oliviia Dunham dressed like a real agent with no high heels and she was still HOT !!!
 Lost for SciFi fans !!! I axed my cable last year and never looked back . But when I originally hooked up with HULU + I did not realize that all the episodes for the current season did stay available on your Q until you watched it.So I had to buy the first and or second shows from the final season.Sound and Video were awesome !!
 If you like fringe science and twists - this show is for you . Parallel universes , time travel , love , crazy but loveable scientist . A woman who can really take care of herself . It has it all !
 Flat out , we just loved Fringe , it was a great series although it did begin to drag out a bit at the end .
 The only reason I gave this a 4 star rating is because I have not seen the last 2 episodes but I am sure the rating will be a 5 star once I have seen them . The series ended too soon for me . Would be cool if the 5 main stars could have a spin off where they work independantly of the Government .
 SPOILER ALERT !!! Seasons 1 & 2 in my opinion were the best -LRB- THE BEST ! -RRB- . It had individual stories that concluded , but also the underlying continuous plot line . Seasons 3 & 4 were OK . The storyline started to get complicated and a bit dull . I watched a few episodes of season 5 , and just lost interest . the story became too complicated , the characters over developed , the time travel thing was just too far out there for me . It seemed a bit forced . Probably due to it being the last season and they might have wanted to finish things off.The success of this type of show is a slow and gradual change . For example , The X Files . they kept the story and characters the same throughout the series . their mistake was to not finish it off after season 7 . it was like a bad Saturday Night Live skit . dragging on.To sum it up , it is a TV show worth watching from beginning to end . Great stories , great actors , good special effects , good make-up . On a whole , i give the complete series 5 stars . This season gets 4 stars .
 Too much handwringing and blaming of one 's self in this season . In several episodes I found myself looking at the clock and wanting to fast forward through large chucks . The material had already been more than adequately covered in previous episodes and years . How many more times could Walter blame himself for setting events in motion or Olivia confess to being scared ? The answer
 This was one of the most original TV series ever made . However , it did kind-of lose its way during this last season . Overall it 's a must see for all Fringe fans .
 A new look at posiblities dealing with different dimensions time travel and possible outcomes . Could n't wait for the next episode to come out at times and was sad to see it end so soon but a great story line overall .
 Innovative science fiction presented within clever ensemble . Continually surprising and unpredictable . Old memes renewed and freshened -- like Asimov or Heinlein for the modern era .
 The last season had me sitting on the edge of my sofa . The suspense and twist of the story made each episode exiting every time .
 Good wrapping up of all the phenomena from 1st 4 seasons . Sort of makes you feel the Observers and the Royalist deserve what they got . -LRB- Sorry no spoilers here -RRB- . Still the plot slightly contrived as the script writers want to tie up everything nice and tidy.High recommendation to watch this series ;
 I too ca n't express in words the emotions this show has made me feel . `` I laughed , I cried , it was better than ... '' but seriously folks , this was one of the best shows I have ever had the privilege of watching . I watched nearly all of the episodes on Amazon Instant Video , -LRB- great quality but did BSOD my Windows XP machine twice , I probably need to upgrade -RRB- . I would stay up till dawn for 2 weeks straight to catch up , this past month , crazy good stuff ! I loved the fact the writers used the dangerous technology the Fringe team captured , in other seasons , against the Observers , I only wish they used more of it throughout the last season.There was another multi-universe TV show back in the 90 's called `` Sliders '' , anyone remember it ? I 've always had a problem with time travel and it usually raises more questions than it solves , but parallel dimensions are DEFINITELY possible . So when i was watching Fringe and at some point it started with an alternate universe theme , i was hooked !!! In conclusion , overall the acting was superb and i connected with Walter so many times , as a Father figure I never had -LRB- OK , TMI . or so i have been told -RRB- . Well at least i still get to watch John Noble on `` Dark Matters '' . Anyway , this great show will be sorely missed . Hope they make a full length movie , but that would be rare . So long WalterNate and FauxLivia !
 Excellent final season of one of the best shows on television ! Most of the loose ends were neatly wrapped up , and we had emotional moments as well as action-filled episodes . Farewell , Olivia , Peter , Walter , Astrid -LRB- Walter finally got your name right ! -RRB- , Broyles ...
 Over the holidays I decided I wanted to review the entire show before the series finale last Friday . With my amazon prime membership the first four seasons were free . Though I could have downloaded from fox , I used my kindle fire to watch . A wonderful series . The finale was thrilling in that the fringe team used some of the fringe creatures from early in the series and tied it all together .
 I absolutely love Fringe . However , the poorly planned and irrational time paradox ruined the ending for me . I am required to write 3 more words .
 Fringe has been consistently good throughout it 's run and the 5th season is not different . It does suffer a bit from aimlessness as wanders towards it 's final conclusion . A lot of very interesting storylines are only touched on briefly and then left by the wayside in favor of plot advancement .
 Best show since the X-Files !!! Just sorry that it 's over.The characters and story line are so believeable.I am going to miss agent Dunham the most : -RRB-
 I loved watching this show . It had a great cast and plot . I am sorry see it come to an end .
 Fringe is one of my favorite shows . I 'm a big Fringe fan so this was great . I enjoyed every minute .
 I started watching season one and could n't stop . Love the actors and the plot . I highly recommend this to anyone who likes mystery .
 Do I need write anything else . The fifth and final season is pretty dark photographically speaking . But if you 've come this far you would not wonder whether it was worth your dollar or pound to purchase - you would need to know . We all need closure and thanks to FOX we have it . if only all american TV stations would conclude in the appropriate fashion ... Loved all the characters excellent cast ! Bravo Bravo !
 love this wrap up . just when you think it wo n't get any more weird . There it goes ! Prepare your mind to be blown
 I gave it a five star because I love Science Fiction shows ! I love the plot ! I was so sad it ended . If you love Science Fiction shows , you must watch this one ! It was very refreshing and different than many of the Science Fictions shows I have seen .
 I am very satisfied with my order . It was worth buying the episode earlier than the show would let me watch . I would buy from him again
 A fantastic shortened season so far , stuck in 2036 the Bishop 's are intent on retrieving Walter 's plan and saving the world one final time .
 Sad this is the last season . I will miss it when it 's over . What can we expect next from the brilliant creators of this series ?
 I was not sure I was going to stick with it initially , but once the 2 dimension part came into play it was gripping . The first part seemed like a bunch of disconnected plots that the Fringe team had to solve . Over time , it became apparent that these were linked and it comes together several episodes into the story so don ' give up if you are a SciFi junkie.The characters are interesting and compelling although the Doc can do some pretty good mental loop-d-loops on a frequent basis.I like the contrasting character and character interactions between the same people across the 2 dimensions .
 Network TV will never give up on scifi . However , network TV will rarely commit the time and resources to making great scifi . Maybe the execs figure the concept can carry the show , not the qualities of production , writing and acting . Fringe is the current gold standard of scifi . It gives the geek enough speculation , science and gadgets to create the &#34; cult &#34; . It also has the incredible cast , outstanding writting , plot twists , humor and drama to draw the typical viewer in and keep 'em in . Fringe should become the blueprint for the future of network scifi . Have it grounded in the present -LRB- not doing that was Firefly 's undoing -RRB- populate it with complex , heroic -LRB- yet flawed -RRB- characters . Have logical progression of plot yet keep each season tied together . Do n't overexpand the core group of stars -LRB- Heroe 's undoing -RRB- . And , sadly , with the average viewer 's toddler-like attention span , no more than five seasons and an actual conclusion .
 It is great ! so sad that it will be ending ! There should definitely be more sci-fi shows out there ... I dont know what 's going on with the sci-fi fans !!
 This series ... and each & every show - provides interesting , thought-provoking & an entertaining view of futuristic science . Question everything ; AND anything is possible . Also ... Anna Torv is one of the best actresses to come from TV in a long , long time . She deserves alot more attention and recognition for her acting skills and charisma . Joshua Jackson -LRB- major hottie ! -RRB- and of course - John Noble -LRB- wonderful character -RRB- are incredible as well . what a cast ! The beautiful young actress that plays Astrid , Astro , Acid , etc , etc is also one to watch ... an up & coming character actress ! I will miss this show and sincerely wish the networks would consider more seasons ... what else is there to watch now ? Certainly nothing as great as this !
 While jumping quite a ways ahead into the future and leaving a few loose ends in the past , the final season of Fringe is heading towards what will be a fitting conclusion .
 Well the story is coming to an end . Too bad , but it 's been a good season just one way to go now . The finish . Hopefully it ends well and we 're all happy with it .
 Fringe has been an interesting and addicting show , I have turned so many people on to it , really gon na miss it . A great a thought out ending to a 5 year span . Thanks for a great ending .
 This series has been a serious surprise for me . I started watching it 1/2 through the second season , and I have since caught up , but every episode is excellent and the underlying story -LRB- mythology -RRB- is awesome . If I could make a lesson out of some of the episodes , I will post them on my blog at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Great Story , a parallel Universe , does it really exist , I doubt it . But still quite entertaining , you never know what comes next .
 This show is right up there with X-Files and SG-1 and Anna Torv is defiantly great in it proving nepotism is n't always a bad thing.The only thing I do n't understand is if I am willing to pay money for the episodes why I have to wait a week to buy them so that all the people still using the prehistoric cable/channel way of watching TV can get their first dibs . Watching channels with commercials is a dying relic of the past , let it die and let me buy the shows I want when then come out .
 Just discovered Fringe and watched all seasons/episodes on my Kindle . Too bad this is the last season . There 's not much TV worth watching anymore .
 I started watching fringe a few months ago and usually watch a couple episodes per day . This season is the most entertaining but I think the back-story adds quite a bit of enjoyment to it .
 Captivating series gets better and better . Ca n't wait to watch more ! The graphics are very good in this season as the Fringe team fights back against the Observers .
 i just discovered this series this year and i have become addicted . it 's been so long since a true scifi came alongeven the sci fi channel has been turned over to wrestling , and everything other than sci fi
 This series is terrifically complex and satisfying . The science is mostly garbage , but I have n't found that hampering my enjoyment of the team and the way they work together . The new events in this fifth , final season are still keeping me on the edge of my seat every episode !
 If you like X-Files you will probably like Fringe . Great characters and stories along with futuristic science make Fringe very enjoyable .
 We have been fans for the whole run of this program . This final season 's shows have been the most compelling . We will be so soryy to see it end !
 Sad to see this series end . I have enjoyed all the seasons , some more than others . Worth watching over and over
 They did an excellent job of tying up all the loose ends and using the story from all five seasons in their final go .
 the finale had me shaking with tears . heartbreaking and beautiful - TV storytelling at it 's finest.even if the show lost you at various points in it 's history , do yourself a favor and watch the final season .
 Great Actors , Great Story Line , Very Suspenseful . I just hated that they had to end it on the fifth season .
 Wow this was a great season and they did an excellent job ending the series . You winn ' t want to miss this season .
 Having never bothered to write any reviews as there is little that is worthy , I felt strongly that this series deserved praise and my one and only review . Fringe is perfect sci-fi ; intriguing , entertaining , emotionally engaging , well written and directed , and marvelously acted . It is the most unique and best series I have ever seen .
 I was sorry to see the series end but thought the writers wrapped up loose ends nicely . What will -LRB- or can -RRB- replace it ?
 WE NEED MORE OF THIS KIND OF STUFF ON TV INSTEAD OF ALL THAT REALITY CRAP.TO BAD IT IS OVER ,
 I 've always been a fan of the show from start to finish . The final season and final episodes of the series finale were great ! I enjoyed how the writers , actors , etc. wrapped up this great sci-fi series .
 this was a great series , it had to end and what better way than Walter going to the future with the savoir to the universe
 This is by far one of my favorite SciFi series of all time -LRB- including FireFly -RRB- if you loved X-Files , then you will love Fringe from beginning to end .
 I have watched every episode of Fringe and loved it and I am not much of a TV watcher . The series was , amazing the characters and premise unique , it was better than Lost.Too bad , it always suffered from low ratings , due to the Friday time slot and he fact that it was a show that made you think!As far as I am concerned , the Fringe division the way it started could have continued solving `` Fringe '' cases forever.That being said . . Bravo to a great finale ! this left nothing unanswered like Lost!It was perfect!I loved the fact that we had the great Mr.Spock for a few shows , in such a great character!I would like to see a spin-off . . wishful thinking : -LRB-
 This was the best Sci-Fi Show ever . Of all the reviews , I did not see anyone mention what I will here ... I could have used many more episodes with September/Donald . Michael Cerveris did an amazing job as the `` sensitive '' observer throughout the series , and then with the last three episodes showing how Donald learned feelings ... so great !
 It mixes science and ` god ' in a way that not too many people would understand ... . It is smartly written and in order to enjoy it , you should not try to over analyze it , otherwise you will find a few ` faults ' here and there ... It is a TV show that rivals many movies ... just sit back , open your mind and go for the ride ... do not over analyze it .
 Although the premise and focus of the show has changed dramatically this season , I still enjoy it quite a bit ! In some ways it feels a bit tacked on , as if the main driving plot of the show was closed last season and so they had to divert to a totally different story line , but it 's still very entertaining .
 The way Fringe has managed to evolve and stay fresh over the years has seriously impressed me.With the current season branching out much further into the sci-fi universe and away from reality , some viewers might find themselves alienated from the original feel of Fringe and it 's abnormal events in a normal universe - but not me.The Orwellian overtones of the new season added extra touches of intrigue and mystery , challenging the characters once again to think outside the box for new solutions to an even greater problem .
 With only a half season to wrap things up , the pressure is on for Fringe as it tells its final story . Gone are the filler episodes of yore -LRB- here 's to you , Molebaby -RRB- as mythology takes charge.Etta -LRB- Georgina Haig -RRB- fits right in with everyone 's favorite team of misfit heroes . The burgeoning family dynamic is nice to see and will certainly be interesting to watch grow.The episode itself was well-paced and engaging , keeping me right along as it moved from plot point to plot point . Some of our regulars were conspicuously missing , but they were in the promo photos so I 'm sure they 'll reappear . Complimenting the acting at this point is just silly , as once Anna Torv shed all accusations of `` woodeness '' in season one , there have been nothing but accolades for the entire cast.All said , a very worthy beginning of the end . I look forward to so much more .
 2036 , resistance is futile ... . The first episode of of season 5 is proof positive of why this is one of the best shows in the last 10 years . I watch about 4 shows regularly but none have me on the edge of my seat like this one . Fringe never gets stale or boring always fresh , interesting , and especially those tripped out 19th episodes of each season . I hope the series does good enough to get a 6th season or maybe a alternate universe spin off .
 Reminds me of the X-Files , but is better in its own way . It is a good series . This season was a short one though .
 This and doctor who rival for position of my favorite show . I loved fringe , and am very sad to see it go . The last season was eh , but it did wrap up the show and gave them an ending which is more than most great shows get nowadays . I 'm still pissed about heros .
 I love science fiction . Fringe has been one of the most enjoyable and interesting shows I 've watched . I feel like I know these characters . Wonderful !
 One of the many perks of being a Prime member :-RRB- Spent lots of time with my boys -LRB- 16 and 17 -RRB- watching this series . Good Dad/kids time and definitely good guy time .
 Never watched the series during its original run on TV . Used Amazon to marathon from Season 1 Ep 1 to end of Season 5 . Enjoyed every episode . Great writing , cast , characters . Final season - ending ... best !
 Enjoyed the finale as everyone ended up just where they needed to be to save the world . We watched the whole series on Amazon Prime .
 While the 5th season was a bit more dark , it did not disappoint . We watched the entire series over a few week time period . I 'm having Fringe withdrawal .
 Sad . To see it end at least fox let them have one last season to wrap it up unlike other shows .
 This season starts a little slow , but a few episodes in the viewer is again fully invested in the Fringe team . The writers do a good job of wrapping the series up with a few surprises along the way .
 This show had me locked in ever singke Friday for the last 5 seasons.The first 3 seasons seemed to be more intriguing but its amazing how they 've done the different universe story line and kept it interesting.I will truly miss this show when it ends in a few months.One of the best shows I 've ever watched .
 The best sci-fi show on TV . This season is more like a long movie rather than tv episodes . Too bad it 's the last season .
 Surprisingly , I had never heard of this show until I saw it advertised on an airline flight in late October 2012 . The premise of the show sounded interesting , so I checked on Amazon and saw that the series was available for streaming with my Prime membership . I watched the first episode of season 1 with my wife and 17-year old son , and we were all instantly hooked . Since early November , we have spent many hours on weeknights and weekends watching all the seasons . We are now down to the last 2 episodes of season 5 , and will be caught up . The show has been wonderful . We love the actors , the storyline , and basically everything about it . We are looking forward to the finale of season 5 , but will be truly saddened to see this series come to end .
 Great and beautiful actors , multiple story lines and always edge-of-your-seat action and adventure . Walter is my favorite scientist and wry gentleman .
 When the series began I loved the varied challenges faced by the team each week . When the alternate universe story line was brought in I stopped watching the series . A year later a friend told me I had made a mistake so I bought the season I had missed and was amazed . I had n't given it a fair chance . Now I 'm addicted to the show and will miss it terribly when the season ends . Great cast , great characters and great story line .
 Which means you already know what I think of this simply amazing , too good for TV scripted show that NOBODY is watching , hence I get , I think 11 more episodes until my heart is once again broken as I salute the end of another absolutely outstanding television show . I am with both reviewers of TV Guide and USAToday who have tirelessly and shamelessly promoted this show -LRB- who both often will try to push a Friday night show opposite it , ie
 This episode is a showcase as to why Fringe is the best Sci-Fi show television has seen in a long time .
 The Fringe team is back in all their glory , albeit somewhat broken and in need of hope . Great start to the final season . It is more like watching part of a feature film than a tv episode . Highly recommended . If you have n't seen Fringe get caught up on Amazon prime streaming with the first seasons before watching this .
 This is the greatest sci fi series ever . I have watched all five seasons and feel like I know the characters . I am going to really miss it . The fifth season was quite different from the other four but still just as good .
 I 'm so sad that this was the last season . I 've followed the show since it came out and the very first season . Love ya Fringe !
 I cant express in words the emotions this show has made me feel , one of the best show on tv i have ever had the privlege of watching . So sad to see it end :-LRB- , thank you fringe team for keeping me on the edge of my seat episode after episode , you will be missed .
 A show , not unlike X-Files , but with genuine terror felt by the characters and realistic responses by the capable actors to the endless -LRB- and cool -RRB- strange plot features . Elements and characters that were introdued early were brought back around in a highly imaginative and compelling manner . The relatinships of the characters were developed in a completely believable fashion so as to make the viewer care about the characters and the fate of their relationships . One of the most nice crafted , executed and ended television series I 've seen - thanks to the makers and performers , you left this viewer satified .
 Fringe is by far my favorite TV show . Very intriguing and engaging . Fascinating , funny and sometimes emotional . The acting is also amazing . I love how in their final episodes they wrapped around every aspect of the show . I loved it and will definitely miss it . Sad it 's over !
 LOVE this show . Sad to see it end . The whole season is excellent , but I only buy a show here and there , because my AT&T DVR goes to hell and I have to get caught up intermittently .
 Suspenseful and entertaining , good story line . The acting and actors are top notch without over use of special effects . Sorry to see it end .
 I came into thinking this show would be a X-Files rehash but it became something more . This series ended well even with 3 years of being on the edge of cancellation . To Olivia , Astrid , Etta , Broyles , Nina , and the Bishops.Thanks for giving me something smarter than just a sci-fi show .
 So far an ending I can respect . Hopefully Abrams will not have them in heaven or hell , or worse , have it all be a dream .
 This is my favorite show -- so sad that its all coming to an end ! ! ! ! !
 I Like the turn in the serie , is a great science fiction work . Everything is done the right way , I love it ,
 I watched all episodes like a science project . I love it and I wished they would never put a stop in producing less Fringe.My all time favorite show on Fox .
 Goodness on the small screen , watch it . Walter is the man , love his enthusiasm for psychotropic drugs , pot , and red vines .
 I 've been following this show since the beginning but since my busy schedule never left me time 2 watch the show on its Friday timeslot , Amazon Instant Video has been my saving grace . An original series with typically non-linear plots and new concepts . This season however has been more linear than usual which makes it easier to follow but no less stimulating ! I love this show !
 I caught the first four seasons on Amazon Prime and absolutely had to buy the fifth . The show has deviated from its `` X-Files '' format and gone into a BSG type insurgency feel but it 's still great . There 's still all kinds of weird events and anamolies to keep the original feel of the show . If you liked the first four seasons you 'll still love season five .
 I absolutely love this show ! Walter is my favorite character of all time . You should get all 5 seasons!So sorry to see it go !
 Actually this review applies to all five seasons
 One of the only series tv shows I 've watched ... excellent ! Out of the ordinary ... great story ... great acting . Do it !
 I 'm so sad this show is going by-by . This is the last season . Current season is centered around a future world where dictators dominate and the ` watchers ' are in control . They are emotionless creatures who are able to read thoughts so there are no secrets , unless you learn how to block them . The ` watchers ' are also able to predict future events so they are able to maintain control . Another show with a well cast group of actors . Thoroughly enjoyable show . Well rounded characters . Highly recommended .
 Watching the last episodes with great nostalgia . I will miss seeing the team as the bounce around the multiverse . It gave me hope that I to migth find refuge from the insanity of our verse . Hope springs eternal even if it was only for an hour once a week !
 So sorry to see this is the final year for this series . I started watching it on Amazon Prime and went through all four available seasons in less than a month . Addictive ! It was a no brainier to purchase the fifth and final season . As usual this season heads off in a different direction . The WOW factor continues ...
 Donald 's Radio is making noises now . Big Problem , because Walter has taken LSD.Walter 's Lab takes on a surrealist landscape , and the ingenuity of this episode is that we do n't know if something we see is in Walter 's mind or if it is really three in the Lab.Like Carla Walters . And the Nina Sharp that tried to physically stop Walter from entering the Portal he made . And `` Tinkerbell '' which Walter sees flying around Peter 's head , and into the Dimensional Portal where she splits into Green and Red and the Red Tinkerbell flies through the portal.Peter seems to be returning to normal , as is his relationship with Olivia . So they go off to find the source of the radio signal using tech Anil gives them . What they find , are the bones of the very `` LAST Sam Weiss '' and some remains of observers and loyalists . But the Sam Weiss name has no meaning for Astrid and Walter in this timeline . They also find a relay set up high in some trees.The problem here is that `` Walternate '' is slowly taking over Walter . It appears to be a genuine split personality , and the problem is that the `` Walternate '' side of Walter is the side that knows the `` plan to defeat the Observers `` Deep in Walter 's Mind partitioned off in the `` Walternate '' side , are the details Walter needs to know.The group follows the signal to an Island , Walter in tow , in his mind he escaped from Astrid again and took a Taxi to Observer Headquarters in NYC . Maybe this is what `` Walternate '' wants to do . By `` Walternate '' I am referring to the pre-lobotomy Walter , the one who has been re-emerging after Simon 's quick-repair of Walter 's Brain from S4E19 . That man was more evident in that episode and in S5E1 , before being addled by Windmark.What they find at the source of the Signal has to be verified by Walter , the password that was being Broadcast , they need to present it to pick up the item which is at the Broadcast Location . This is where some very Monty Pythonish animation is used to show the process of how Walter 's mind works . We can almost assume that this is a graphic depiction of that process that normally goes on , but just a little enhanced by the Black Blotter Acid . Just a little Black Blotter to find `` Black Umbrella . `` The Item of course is the Observer Child from S1E15 `` Inner Child '' which had been stored in Walter 's Pocket Universe from a few episodes back.The Child remembers Peter and Olivia from the old timeline , how can this be ? This child has to be very special.Meanwhile , Walter decides to burn a book which contained all of his old notes from before he had those parts of his brain taken out . We 've been assuming that this was a real , Physical Object that he had been carrying around this episode . But he was not physically carrying that book - Walter IS that book . Carla 's parting words are merely a foreboding that we will be seeing the wholly restored Walter soon . And should we fear that day , or embrace it?IN the episode before this one , Peter was telling Walter how it was with the device in his head . Our Walter would not consider putting it in , but would `` Walternate '' do it ? The question always has been ` what will `` Walternate '' do once he emerges ? ' Will he carry out his plan to defeat the observers , or will he Join the Observers ?
 While we have been avid Fringe fans since being turned on to it by family , we are sad that it will soon come to an end . In this final season , so far Olivia 's character seems to have changed . I think I liked her better when she was the FBI agent . Now that their daughter is dead the story seems to be lagging a bit . But we still like it very much .
 All seasons are unbelievably exciting , well written well acted . The battles against terrorism are very well done . Being able to watch without commercials is a huge plus .
 Love it . Hooked on the series.One of the best seasons yet . Kept me on the edge of my seat thrilling .
 I just hope for an extended season . Ca n't wait for the next episodesI highly recommend it for he sci lovers
 This is a great series . I just discovered the program and have watched one episode after the other on my PC and Kindle . I 'll be sad to see the series end at the end of this season .
 So sad it 's the last season , but it is going out with a bang so far ! It has been one of the best shows ever .
 The producers/showrunners/actors are pulling out all the stops to give loyal viewers the send-off these characters , & those who love them , deserve . Heartbreaking , heartwarming , shocking , & , by turns , sentimental , w/o the schmaltz , it does not disappoint . The only other question this fan-girl has , &#34; Will they leave an opening for a reunion film or someday spin-off ? &#34; .
 My wife and I look forward to Fringe every week and are disappointed that it is winding down into its final few new episodes in Season 5 . We love the show , the characters and the plot .
 Disappointed that this will be the last season ... and am really hoping that it has a good ending . Great show so far !
 very good . one of the best seasons yet . ca n't say any more about fringe than that.enjoy it and watch the previous seasons
 This is more of a BIG Thanks to FOX Broadcasting and Warner Brothers for letting fans experience the fifth and final season of FRINGE against all logical reasoning . So this may not be a review but more of collected sigh of relief that fans can see this amazing story come to a conclusion the way that it was meant to . There will never be a more entertaining and compelling show like OUR Fringe . Fans , you helped make this happen too ! Thanks to you too .
 After watching the first three episodes that came out so far , the fifth and final season of Fringe and they are completely reinvented the storyline . With the show going off the air after these final 13 episodes fox decided satisfy longtime fans by letting Fringe go out in style with 13 high quality episodes instead of just killing the show as they normally do .
 I was excellent this is my favorite series I love to watch it there always something new and weird on it . It a lot like the X files my other favorite series .
 After being frozen in amber for 21 years , the Fringe team discovers that they are folk heroes - recorded in the future version of dime novels , and in crystal technology . The treasure hunt is on for six videotapes Walter created and hid in various places , that detail the plan to eradicate the Observers from earth , and restore our planet to an environmentally safe place to live . While Astrid stays behind in the lab trying to unsnarl tape number three -LRB- the first one found -RRB- , and discover what Walter was looking for , the Bishop family ventures into the wilds of Pennsylvania . Once they reach the designated coodinates they find a hidden group of natives recording the earth 's history since the Observers took over . The group is infected with a bark like fungus due to the Observers changing the atmosphere -LRB- more carbon monoxide so they can breathe better -RRB- , and the Bishop family shows early signs of infection soon after they arrive . Once Astrid identifies the prize the team is after , it is a race against time before the Observers track down the hidden camp and the Fringe team . Brilliant character actor Paul McGillion -LRB- Stargate Atlantis/Sanctuary -RRB- turns in a tender and sweet performance as the father of a young boy in the camp and the lead recordist.FYI - If you are looking for Nina and Broyles - currently they are only scheduled to appear in episodes 5.6 and 5.13 .
 After watching a FOX news about this being the last season ... -LRB- 5 total -RRB- . FOX said they will have an ending to this show . The first time FOX Network will be making a conclusion to one of it 's shows.Very well done . I 'm not much on watching TV shows , but so glad I have stuck with this show and now hearing FOX will make a final at the end of the 5th run.THANK YOU FOX !!! So now I can plan on getting all 5 seasons on DVD.A beginning and an end , instead of a show going off the air and never seeing it again.GREAT SHOW !!!!
 A well done series ending . No sharks were jumped and things ended logically - a stark contrast to disaster of Lost 's last season .
 It 's a great show , but I REALLY did n't like when they did away with Etta -LRB- Liv and Peter 's daughter -RRB- . That single thing really bummed me out , and well , even though they kind of make it better by the end , it 's still not the same . Overall ... GREAT acting ! the best ! And great writing -LRB- except for the daughter thing -RRB- . I 'd recommend it .
 f / jb , jkhvjgvjhgjhkgjkhglkhglglfgul lkg k gg lg ug lu iug lkig kig lig lig ig liglkigkg kiug kiug gh ; gkjg kg k jhg
 One of the best shows around . Thoughtful and intelligent . Stretches the imagination in a believable way . Wish there were more shows like this !
 everything I like is included , time travel , dystopia , alternate realities , ... It is necessary to do a fair amount of suspension of disbelief with some of the &#34; science &#34; and some of the narrative , but it is more than made up by the story . The characters are complex -LRB- if for no other reason they have alternate versions of themselves -RRB- . The acting is very good as well . Highly recommended .
 My DVR failed to record this crucial episode of Fringe . Thank you for making it available the next day . And thank you for the great quality and no commercial interruptions !
 The season is great and just continues . Sorry to see it ending . Enjoy the 5th season . Who thought this up .
 I got caught up on prime over the last couple months . I ca n't believe I just started watching now that it is ending !
 Although I enjoyed the entire series to date , the fifth season , as you would expect brings more tension and excitement as fulfilling Walters plan to defeat the Observers becomes the main focus .
 Suspenseful and well-written , with a great cast and wxtremely imaginative storylines and sets . Sad that this is the last season .
 Fringe has brought the best that scifi drama can offer to network television for four straight seasons . This , the fifth , final -LRB- and only a half -RRB- season is a great testament to what they have accomplished . The characters are vivid , the plots edgy , and the science -LRB- fiction -RRB- is dazzling . Kudos to FOX for giving this series a chance and for carrying it through . And Kudos to J.J. Abrams et . al for proving that they had more than LOST in them .
 After a pretty tough-to-get-through first half of season 1 , Fringe quickly became my favorite show and I ate up every episode in under two months , which is saying a lot for someone who was wrapping up graduate school . Now that I 'm done , so is the show unfortunately . While I 've noticed a lot of bitching and blaming about the show ending , I 'll just say how happy I am that there 's going to be an end . Shows like this that do n't get the opportunity for closure are terrible wastes and if that had been done to Fringe I would have been writing some angry fan mail to the abyss known as Fox customer care . So , while this season feels rushed and I 'm desperately sad to see it go , I 'm not going to complain . Instead , I 'm going to finish it out , then do my best to introduce the show to as many people as I can so as to spread the joy , and give myself an excuse to start it over again .
 Loved this show since day 1 . Glad it finally switched from Fringe case of the week to an actual overall plot . This is easily the best season so its good they are ending on a high note . Favorite episode is The Human Kind .
 Loved the whole Fringe series - extremely well written and intelligent . The show makes you think , rather than just being a passive observer . While a full season would have been ideal , the final season tied it up in a way that gave the characters and the audience resolution .
 Loved the show , but it interferred with my kids High School sports so I missed too many episodes and lost touch with the storyline . This is the beauty of streaming video . You can catch up on old tv shows .
 Excellent acting and very well written . It will always keep you guessing and you won &#34; t always be right . Try it .
 This show has been amazing . Ups and downs , twists and turns , the idea behind the story is truly undervalued from our society today . Human love and sacrifice .
 A fitting end to a great series which leads me to believe that Fox had more control over it than ABC had over the ending of Lost which was another JJ Abrams creation .
 So sad that this series has ended , but at least it was a happy ending . I am looking forward to seeing these actors in other movies or series , they did such a fabulous job , such great emotion . Wonderful show !
 great sci-fi series . you get hooked from episode 1 and it gets better every season . too bad it had to end .
 Love this series and will miss it greatly !! Would rather it end on a high note but love my syfi !!
 I loved this complete series . Through everything they went through it still came together with a good ending . We may watch it over again . Its that good .
 Fringe is a great series . I was concerned about the increasing focus on the observers but they tied everything up so great at the end I loved it
 The Law of .45 's , 1935 filmThe movie begins with two men talking about a land deal . Sir Henry Sheffield goes to see Rontel , the lawyer . His associates in British Continental intend to make a large investment there in one district . Sabotage results in barn burnings and cattle theft . `` Something has to be done . '' `` How can you fight something you ca n't see ? '' Will some sell out and move away ? Lawyer Rontel attends the meeting . Cowboys sing for entertainment . `` Wherever there is money there is excitement . '' Rontel has a prisoner in his basement ! Will he sign the agreement ? Cowboys move a herd , four riders attack two men on a wagon . Two others ride up , and decide to help the old man by stopping the attackers . Then Hayden 's men ride up , the conflict is halted . Tucson Smith and Stony Martin were herding cattle for sale . Hayden needs men for help . The four would-be assassins worked for Rontel . One who survived dwill get a new gang for help . Rontel plans another murder . The man who objected gets a payoff from Rontel.Jean Hayden and her father visit Rontel , Smith and Martin go along . Rontel has a wall painting at his peaceful ranch . Smith and Martin will investigate the killings . Who is the spy who knows Hayden 's plans . Rontel admits he bought the land after the owners were killed . Smith tells people about his plans to see what will happen . Rontel 's men plan an ambush . Smith is the best lead-slinger yet . One of the men was part of the Benton gang . Rontel agrees they should investigate the Benton gang . While they are in the cantina some men pull their pistols , a bad career move for them . There is another song about a lonely trail . Rontel meets Joe Sanchez , the best gunman for hire . `` It looks funny . '' -LSB- Bringing in an expert stranger to do a killing is an old strategy . -RSB- Sanchez is tipped off to Smith and Martin . But there is a surprise ! Rontel orders his man to take care of Sanchez , or else . We learn about Joe , he will ride the straight and narrow path now . A rifle shot stops Joe from talking . They have almost enough evidence.Smith learns about Rontel 's financial condition . He has access to large funds through power of attorney . Smith learns about Sir Henry Sheffield ; he never left the area . Smith plans a showdown . The valley will be sealed off , other ranchers will gather . Stony will shadow Rontel , but he is shot in the back . `` Smith is coming . '' Rontel is warned and sets a trap . But Smith enters through a window , shots are exchanged with Rontel 's henchmen . Smith was n't ambushed . He asks about Sheffield , the geologist who discovered oil . Smith chastises Rontel for disrespecting the law . The sheriff tells Hayden about Smith 's background . There may be a happy ending for Smith and Joan now.The usual plot of the classic Western movie of that era was to prevent a big landowner -LRB- like a corporation -RRB- from swindling small ranchers out of their valuable property . -LSB- Small movie studios were similarly threatened by big movie studios who also owned theatre chains . -RSB- Were gunmen used as part of their takeover ? The small ranchers could only defend themselves when they united for a common purpose . -LSB- This would also apply to the workers in a factory . -RSB- The hero who led this resistance would often win the daughter of a small rancher , rewarding his prowess with a happy ending .
 It amazes me that this movie is so under rated and NO COUNTRY FOR OLD MEN wins Academy Awards . Not that NO COUNTRY was not a good movie , but CHASING GHOSTS is a better story with even better acting . Madsen , Rooker and Busey are brilliant in this . This is technicolor noir as good as it 's done , on a par with TRUE ROMANCE . If you do n't like or understand noir film making , you may not get this . But if noir is your thing you 'll love this movie .
 I saw most of this on YouTube , though it 's not clear if I was supposed to.Excellently done job , very similar to `` King of Kong . '' Fans of that move will definitely want to catch this one , as it features much of the same material and even the same principal characters . As one metafilter commenter wrote , though , it lacks that movie 's `` narrative drive . '' But unlike that movie , this one makes the video game fanatics seem much more loserly , although apparently not intentionally.The thing is , I do n't know where to buy it . It was evidently finished in 2006 but apparently has neither been released in theaters or on DVD . I guess these guys have the film in the can but ca n't find a distributor
 I liked it . . it was a ` turn of your brain and enjoy ' kinda movie . It was n't totally gratutious and save for the guy she ended up with . . it was quite cool.But just for the record ... bathing was extensive in the ` Roman Empire ' It was only after Rome fell that bathing fell into disrepute .
 Roman epic fans will welcome the addition of `` Amazons and Gladiators '' to the genre . Filling the roles of both heroic leadand action co-ordinator for the film , Richard Norton gives the film its best moments . The pacing of the battle and arena scenesreflects the actor 's expert handling of adventure sequences bothon screen and off . His portrayal of Lucius , a combatant with anunerring sense of fair play and compassion , provides the film with a dramatic center . He must assist the film 's `` Amazon '' leadsin their campaign of vengeance against an evil Roman general inthe person of Patrick Bergin . Norton prevails in all his tasks - acting and action choreographing - and he is the reason to add the film to your adventure collection . The top rating is assignedthe film , thanks to Richard Norton 's contributions .
 So says a captured Amazon who is brought before the Senator . She escapes with the help of kidnapped maiden Serena who stabs the Senator in the back with a candlestick . I 'm not sure where the blade came from after the candle fell out , but you go along with it.Serena was just a young child when her village was attacked by a bloodthirsty Roman General turned Governor . Her father was killed , her sister was kidnapped , and her mother 's death rested on her shoulders . Her mother was hung from a tree and Serena was underneath her for support . With her bare feet she had to stand under her mother while hot coals were lit on the ground . Of course her mother died and she was taken away as a slave.After her escape she rides and trains with the Amazons . Only then does she discover that her grandmother was a great Amazon warrior and she is prophesized to be even greater.Well there is a lot of sexy costumes , but little sex . Oh there 's a whole lot of female nudity for those of us who enjoy sex with our violoence . My favorite chick had no lines , but was only instructed to pour the bath water slowly . Check out the headlights on that little honey WOW!Anyway there 's a whole lot of fighting in this movie , in the woodds and in the gladiator arena . In the end Serena gets her revenge by fighting the governor himself in the arena . After her victory she makes her speech ; `` And if I hear that anymore women are abused in this town , I will come back and kill you all ! `` This is not a great movie , but it 's good enough to pop in the old DVD player every now and then .
 Nichole M Hiltz stars as Serena , a simple village girl in some distant unimportant Celtic province . When her village is ransacked by the legions of Roman General Marcus Crassius , Serena is taken captive , tortured and sold into slavery . Marcus takes her beautiful older sister as a courtesan.Ten years later , Serena and her best friend Brianna are slaves working as dancers . When the slaver sells Serena to a rich Roman senator as a whore , Serena unwittingly kills him . With the help of an Amazon prisoner , Ione , Serena and Brianna flee north to the village under the protection of the Amazon Queen Zenobia . Ione trains Serena and Brianna in the art of war , and to become Amazons , but Serena ca n't forget about the past and the evil Crassius and vows to take revenge . Will Serena succeed in getting revenge against Crassius?This is a Xena-esque flick right down to its bones . But I loved every sword-chopping , Amazon yelling minute of it ! Nichole M Hiltz was excellent as Serena . Jennifer Rubin did a great job as Princess Ione . The actor who played Serena 's boyfriend was very good -LRB- sorry , do n't recall his name ! -RRB- This movie is fun fluff . A good B movie.Historical Purists should steer clear though ... Amazons ' have names like `` Serena , Brianna , Mathew , Ione '' and the amazon 's costumes are of the ` chainmail bikini ' variety . Still , I was genuinely surprised at how much I liked this movie ! I will definitely buy the DVD.Slight warning
 When Xena Warrior Princess was over and before the roar of the Lord of the rings I caught this movie and while you may think What a joke !! trust me when I say the joke is on you while it never it relates to xena this small movie does its job of entertain you and see the struggle of the Amazons and the roman empire.So enjoy AMAZONS AND GLADIATORS and see the birth of a new heroine .
 A great movie , lots of action and a new twist to a old movie theme .
 I found Amazons and Gladiators a very pleasant surprise . From its packaging I expected a sexploitation flick , in the manner of `` women in prison '' films but with swords and Romans instead of inmates and wardens . Understand , by the way , I 'm not putting down WIP movies , there 's a place for such guilty pleasures . But in Amazons and Gladiators , what I got was ever so much more.Okay , this is obviously a low-budget film . Much of it takes place in the forest simply because , I 'm sure , it cost no money to build the `` set '' . None of the actors in A&G ; is ever going to win an Academy Award . Having said all that , however , Amazons and Gladiators is also obviously the product of talented , skilled people who 've taken what they had to work with and crafted a pretty darn good little movie . The writing , direction , camera work , even the acting in this film are all surprisingly good.The main character is Serena , who as a child has her mother murdered by the brutal Roman governor Marcus Crassius . Kidnapped into slavery as a dancer , ten years pass , her virginity is sold to a Roman Senator . Serena fights back against her rape , killing the Senator , then escapes along with devoted friend-since-childhood and fellow slave Briana and the captured Amazon leader Ione . Taken into the Amazons , trained as a warrior , in time Serena returns to kill Crassius . Captured again , she winds up a gladiator , fighting for the amusement of the people and the governor before finally getting her chance to face Crassius himself.Not a blindingly original plot , but anything can be done well or poorly . This story stands or falls on our caring for the characters on-screen . Those characters may be a bit stock - the warrior traumatized as a child returning to wreak vengeance on her tormentor , the stern but loving teacher , the steadfast best friend , the evil and sexually degenerate bad guy/governor - but the characters themselves are so well-drawn , so believable , they rise above the stereotypes . We can , especially , become emotionally invested in Serena and her fate , root for her success , because she comes across as an admirable , decent , real person.The cinematography in Amazons and Gladiators is quite nice . What sets exist might be a bit bare bones , but they 're well-designed , well put-together , and get the job done . If the arena fight scenes do n't exhibit Russell Crowe Gladiator level choreography , still they also get the job done . Yes , there 's a certain amount of female nudity that is in some cases gratuitous . But hey , I ** like ** female nudity.This is one of those films that proves `` low-budget '' does n't have to mean `` bad '' . Sometimes the lack of a serious budget forces moviemakers to be really inventive in compensation . Depending on the talent , skill level and commitment of the creators involved , you either rise to such a challenge or fall . Everyone involved with making Amazons and Gladiators rose.It 's hard not to like a movie that does so much with so little .
 This movie is by far my favorite movie ever . I had originally started my quest to watch all the James Gandolfini movies after watching The Sopranos series the 90th time through . I did not expect to be as seduced as I was by this movie . The acting is superb and the story is wonderfully written . I can not express how amazing this movie is . BUY IT !
 This story is well-acted and as it rurns out is a true drama . The couple played by Jared and Selma were believable and sick . Jared 's character was very much like the actual person , but but Selma Hayek is much too beautiful . Not that I 'm complaining ! The movie was well worth it and in good condition and delivered on time
 Although two other movies have been made about the ` lonely hearts ' murders , neither framed the killings within the true story of one of the detectives working diligently to solve this almost -LRB- for a time -RRB- invisible crime spree.The least accurate aspect of the film is Salma Hayek 's beauty . My heart stopped beating for a second when she entered the hotel to meet Leto 's character for the first time . And she was on screen with , as I said , Jared Leto and I am female . So let the fact that Martha Beck was hugely obese slide . Movies are supposed to be entertaining . Immensely talented and beautiful actresses need to work too . Especially when their performance mines the depths of creepiness and channels the essence of a monster , as Hayek 's does all too well here.Leto is equally as creepy , playing a character who seems to get entwined in a sort of relationship he certainly was n't planning on.Travolta turns in a broken-hearted yet even performance that we all already know he 's capable of.The real star of the movie , is of course , the new perspective of a family member of one of the detectives on the case.This is a must-see for those interested in true-crime accounts -- the extras on the dvd add perspective to the crime , criminals and the writer/director 's family history .
 Although I have been a fan of James Gandolfini and John Travolta for many years , this is a worthy film but hard to watch because of the fact I am a father and I have kids . Violent crime is never an easy subject but when it turns heartless , it surfaces human emotions that are hard to shed for awhile . This film was very well done and all the actors were top notch but as I indicated , the subject matter is disturbing . Just when you think people couldnt be sicker , somebody always tops the list with something else . This film will have you dealing with raw emotions and the fight over eye for an eye . Again , great film but be prepared to deal with the feelings it will surface in your spirit .
 This movie is fantastic - all the actors are so great in it , I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone
 I here compare this film with its model The Honeymoon Killers -LRB- 1969 -RRB- The two films go together since the former is a remake of the latter . They have to be watched together , one after the other , no matter in what order . The story is pathetic and pitiful . A man takes advantage of the loneliness of some women to literally `` abduct '' them from sanity and `` infect '' them with infatuation , which enables him to clean them up of their possessions . But one really falls in love and she abducts him from sanity and infects him with her jealousy into killing the women on whose backs they live . A killing couple , supposedly brother and sister , who skim and milk the crowd of solitary and lonely middle class women.The older film -LRB- 1969 -RRB- in black and white was a small budget thriller and it shows how jealousy is mounting and building up in the woman and how she manipulates the man into becoming a killer , till the moment she discovers he is a liar . Then she will cause his downfall herself and her own at the same time . Pure jealousy confronted to a lying partner in a situation that can only give birth to extreme jealousy . It is not easy to be a female pimp of a male gigolo . But the man and the woman are both perfectly composed and logical till the end . The beginning though seems too slow.The more recent film -LRB- 2006 -RRB- shifts the vision of the criminal situation from a more or less objective unidentified abstract observer to a team of two cops following the murderers and the bloody trail they leave behind . And the observer is the partner of the main detective . This film shifts the criminal idea from pure jealousy in the woman to insanity in the man . He is a killer instead of being a manipulated gigolo . He is not lying to the woman but she ca n't stand what she makes him do , hence she is crazy somewhere too . But she will not cause his downfall . They will be caught up by the cops from New York because he starts enjoying killing simple witnesses or passers-by . But here the beginning is turned into some circus parade.This latter film intensively also shows Old Sparky , the full execution of the man with it and only the first phase for the woman . It becomes a graphic film against death penalty since Old Sparky is positioned both at the beginning and at the end of the film , sandwiching the story between these haunting visions . The technique used in this color film is a lot more dynamic and lively than in the older film . But it does not really add to the subject except the vision of Old Sparky but it is an easy explanation to declare a criminal crazy . He might be deranged and get deranged by his own crimes but he has to be sane and perfectly well balanced to go on with killing and escaping . That 's why he is shown as losing his mind when at the end he leaves corpses along the road and does not run away.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU , University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne , University Paris 8 Saint Denis , University Paris 12 Cr&eacute;teil , CEGID
 I have ALL of John Travolta movies and have n't seen a bad preformence yet , some of the movies were n't great , but he is always good .
 the camera in her come & get me dress . Her swayng tush is worth the price . She plays Martha & brings out the murderous instincts of her partner , Ray -LRB- Jared Leto -RRB- in Lonely Hearts . He fancies himself a Lothario who woos then swindles lonely , wealthy women , widows with pensions etc. . Then with Martha 's help , murders them . Martha becomes blindly jealous when Ray gets intimate with these pigeons & it becomes their undoing . Ms Hayek & Leto do a fine job . So does John Travolta , playing Elmer Robinson , the police detective assigned to the case . It becomes highly personal & obsessive because of tragedy in his own life . James Gandolfini is his partner , a lazy , amiable detective . Really it 's the same character he plays as Tony Soparano , except he 's a cop instead of a sociopathic hood . Go figure.The movie spans 1927 When Elmer joins the P.D. to 1951 in the closing scenes . There is little notice of World WarII , except for the proliferation of widows with death benefits . A decent criminal police drama/thriller with a very good cast . Also a good `` making of '' extra on the dvd .
 Based on a true story , LONELY HEARTS is a powerful thriller that is even more compelling because it was written and directed by Todd Robinson , grandson of homicide cop Elmer C. Robinson , one of the key detectives responsible for bringing to justice Raymond Fernandez and Martha Beck , a pair of psychopathic killers who preyed on rich , lonely women during the late 1940s . Although they were only charged with three murders , it is believed that these `` Lonely Hearts Killers '' were responsible for 17 more.John Travolta -LRB- as Elmer Robinson -RRB- , James Gandolfini and Scott Caan play the detectives , while Jared Leto and Salma Hayek are cast as Fernandez and Beck . Also in the cast are Alice Krige and Laura Dern.Director Robinson has done a masterful job of recreating the look and feel of the post-war 1940s . The actors all deliver cutting-edge performances . Although she looks nothing like the real , overweight Martha Beck , Hayek 's sultry portrayal is absolutely frightening.The DVD from Sony Pictures Home Entertainment contains an above average `` Making of '' featurette.Michael B. Druxman
 I left halfway because I just could not take it . My heart went out to these lonely people just looking for a bit of happiness and what these people were doing taking advantage of them . This movie just stuck too deep .
 Based on a true story and loaded with fine actors . This is a film that did n't need tons of blood and gory special effects to try and tell a story that will chill you to the bone . The acting and writing does the job all by itself . It has a frightening , cold blooded plot that will keep you in its grasp from beginning to end . This is a film worth viewing .
 A smooth-talking lady 's man Raymond is a small-time crook swindling money out of the women he met through `` Lonely Hearts Column '' on newspapers . His life changes drastically , however , when he meets beautiful Martha , who sees through his lies instantly and drags him into a series of more heinous and violent crimes.The true story of Martha Beck and Raymond Martinez Fernandez , or `` The Lonely Hearts Killers , '' has already become the basis of `` The Honeymoon Killers , '' but `` Lonely Hearts '' is substantially different from the 1970 cult film . That is , Martha and Ray , played by Salma Hayek and Jared Leto respectively , are described as gorgeous and handsome couple . Leto 's performance is simply great as the man manipulated by his partner in crime , but more memorable is Salma Hayek as Martha , conniving and chilling femme fatale , though some say -LRB- rightly -RRB- this sexy image is far from real Martha Beck.The film also shows the investigations of the detectives mainly by Elmer Robinson -LRB- John Travolta -RRB- and Charles Hilderbrandt -LRB- James Gandolfini -RRB- . Elmer Robinson , whose wife committed a suicide recently , looks as if seeking the answer to the death of her while having an affair with another woman Rene Fodie -LRB- Laura Dern -RRB- . All the actors ' performances are wonderful and this part of the film is almost as strong as the Martha and Raymond part , but I think the film might be better with less time spent on Elmer Robinson 's relations with Rene and his son . `` Lonely Hearts '' is a kind of film that is ignored when theatrically released , but is given a second life in rental video market . The moody film with slow-moving pace is not for everyone 's taste , but for those who want noir or dark crime dramas that way , `` Lonely Hearts '' delivers .
 James and John put on a heck of a performance in this movie . They all did . But these two are at their best . The guy who cast them together is a genius . It 's been awhile since I 've been so moved by a movie , as Lonely Hearts did . I 've purchased three so far and just pass them on to friends . It 's that good . See for yourself ...
 this definately was n't my favorite movie , but i gave it 5 stars because the actors deserve it ! i was totally creeped out by martha -LRB- selma hayek -RRB- and ray 's -LRB- jared leto -RRB- relationship , not because of their appearances or anything , but because of their obsession with each other . i thought they played the characters really well , and always love how devoted jared is to his character -LRB- watch the making of the video where he is having his hair PLUCKED for the part !! -RRB- . for me , james gandolfini stole the movie , i loved his character ! anyway , i 'm a big jared leto fan and rented the movie because of him , but in the end was really impressed with selma hayek and james gandolfini , he and john travolta should do another film together .
 Lonely Hearts is lifted above the average crime thriller through the excellent performances by the cast . The movie alternates between the detectives who are on the trail of the Lonely Hearts killers , played credibly by John Travolta & James Gandolfini , and the bloody spree of the killers ' Martha Beck -LSB- Salma Hayek -RSB- , and Fernandez -LSB- Jared Leto -RSB- . The detectives are well-played with a sub-plot involving John Travolta 's character grappling with the case as well as his own personal problems -LSB- having to do with his strained relationship with his son , as well as his affair with a colleague played by Laura Dern -RSB- . However , the real action and drama comes from the performances by Salma Hayek , and Jared Leto as the cold-blooded killers . Hayek 's performance is especially riveting , and her Martha Beck comes across as unflinchingly evil whilst besotted with her lover.The portrayal of the killers in this movie though well-acted , is not an altogether accurate portrayal of the real-life criminals -LSB- the real Beck was obese , not a sultry temptress as embodied by Hayek -RSB- . On the whole however , this is an eminently watchable crime thriller with credible performances all-around . A worthwhile addition to the genre .
 This film disappeared from the theatres so quickly most people never heard of it . It deserves your attention . If only to watch Selma give you a glimpse of madness . Kinky done well .
 LONELY HEARTS tries very hard to evoke the feeling of the 1940s and the troubled police officer whose wife 's suicide haunts him until he finds revenge in the investigation of a pair of lonely hearts scam artists . But what happens for the most part is a story that looks , sounds and fells like a 1940s crime movie - 3 parts celluloid transfer , 1 part story.John Travolta and James Gandolfini play buddy homicide detectives who overcome the ennui of their job when they begin to investigate the multiple murders of ` lonely women ' who fall prey to snappy con artist men.The pair they are chasing are Ray Fernandez -LRB- Jared Leto -RRB- and his partner in crime Martha Beck -LRB- Salma Hayek -RRB- , a diabolical couple who find their victims through the personal ads and then fleece then murder them victims in heinous ways . Todd Robinson wrote and directed the film based on his grandfather 's experience - Elmer C. Robinson -LRB- Travolta -RRB- - and it is this bit of personal touch that makes the sluggish story work . The capable supporting cast includes such solid actors as Laura Dern and Scott Cain with fine cameos by Alice Krige and Dagmara Dominczyk , playing victims.Hayek and Leto muster a chemistry on the screen that , while strange in type , allows the viewer to understand the motivation of the crimes . It is a solid cast and a good story
 Director Robinson remade the movie `` Lonely Hearts '' because Detective Elmer Robinson was his grandfather . He wanted to explore the many faceted sacrifices that the police endure witnessing a lifetime of criminal behavior and more importantly , the strain put on their families . Detective Robinson solved the Lonely Hearts murder -LRB- s -RRB- case , but with a huge price . It 's a fine movie and deserved full distribution . Salma Hayak deserves an Oscar nomination .
 The quote above is from James Gandolfini 's character , who , -LRB- like John Travolta -RRB- , plays a detective on the tail of two serial killers.The movie is reminiscent of film-noir . Getting off to a slow start , with a seemingly bland story about a con-man , it builds into a character study of two serial killers.Unfortunately , not enough time is spent on characterization of these two , as we flip back and forth between them and Travolta 's story . Nonetheless , we get enough of a glimpse into the mind of the killers to make this a tense drama.Salma Hayek was the real star of this one . And though the film has some graphic violence , and suggested violence as well , her performance alone is worth the time you 'll spend watching .
 No need to go over the story . I rented this movie and was surprised at how well it depicted men who work in law enforcement and the women who are married to them . I have n't seen Scott Caan mentioned in the other reviews , but I thought he was excellent , he could end up being a better actor than his Dad . Travolta was much better than I expected because he did n't rely on the tics and mannerisims that he uses on almost all of his other movies , the pauses between words , the statacco delivery , the playing with the cigarettes etc. . Gandolfini was pretty good and I was able to separate him from Soprano even though he used the same voice . Leto and Hayak were great , hard to imagine during the movie that Leto had played Steve Prefontaine to perfection . Hayak did a great job of showing the evil in her character just by sitting next to the woman in the yard in Michigan , listening , giving the small fake smile and yet conveying that she has already decided what she is going to do to the woman . Very glad I rented this .
 3.5 starsEverything is well-done in Lonely Hearts . The script is good , performances are all decent , with Selma standing out . Buuut ... there 's just not enough x-factor , that magic thang that makes a film really get inside my brain and heart . There are so many other excellent films noir out there that this ends up on the A-minus-list . Still , considering how few decent story-based films are made these daze , Lonely Hearts is no slouch.Unless you 've already seen Double Indemnity , The Killing , Touch of Evil , Out of the Past , Maltese Falcon , etc etc , you may want to wait on this one.That said , it 's a good psychological portrait with the added soupcon of being made by the original main character cop 's grandson . -LRB- And btw , here 's Gandolfini doing his Tony voice as usual ... listen to him on the commentary track and you hear his real and very different voice . Is the Joisey crackle the only dialect we 're going to get from this otherwise excellent actor ? Sorry , Tone ... please do n't send Paulie Walnuts over with a shovel . -RRB-
 This is a heck of a good movie . It has a great cast and has lots of really good talented actors . It is also a really compelling and intriguing story based on real events . When I was watching it I thought , `` how the heck did I miss this in the theater ... and how did everybody else ? '' This is a good movie . I am suprised that it was n't marketed better and I am suprised that it did so poorly in the theater . I hope that people get a chance to see it on DVD cause it is a good flick .
 The focus of this movie is on the detectives , rather than the Lonely Hearts killers , and therefore Gandolfini and Travolta got what little of the critical notice there was . And they are indeed wonderful , and deserving of praise . But Salma Hayek and Jared Leto also turn in fabulous performances as the dysfunctional couple who prey off of , and ultimately kill , the women who fall for their scam.This movie is n't necessarily easy to watch , but it 's mesmerizing . Well worth your time .
 I read a few reviews about the movie and it got my attention so when I watched it I was surprised how good the performances were , Travolta and Gandolfini got good chemistry , Jared Leto makes an ok perfomance but is SALMA HAYEK who steal the movie , not only she gives a great perfomance but she 's the center of the movie , I was amazed how good of an actress she is , she plays a psyco and malevolant cold-bloded killer !!! The movie might be a little slow but it 's a good movie with a killer perfomance by Salma , and I totally agree , she deserves an Oscar nomination for this one !!!
 I did enjoy `` Lonely Hearts '' -- Travolta and Gandolfini make an excellent pair , playing the hard-boiled East Coast detectives with panache . Jared Leto was a commanding presence as Fernandez . I also approved of Selma Hayek , although I was amused when I did some reading on the real-life Martha Beck and learned she was , in the flesh , close to 300 pounds.Hardly a justification for the slender -LRB- if shapely -RRB- Miss Hayek to portray Martha with any justice . I suppose Hollywood is still light years away from having a `` heavyweight '' play a leading lady , even if Nikki Blonsky did recently steal the show in the lead of `` Hairspray '' . The DVD was a colossal disappointment BECAUSE it had no extra features of note . It should have , at the very least , included a documentary about the real-life Lonely Hearts killers . I did my own reading online and learned that the grandson of the actual policeman -LRB- played by Travolta -RRB- was the director of this film . The scrapbook seen in the movie 's opening is the original book the director 's grandmother compiled , chronicling her husband 's career.I did enjoy the film-noir feel of the film and found it equally compelling and horrifying , which means it did its work well .
 Very good Movie . Not intend for kids to watch . Several bloody scenes , would never think that John Travolta would be in a bloody movie . If you like a thriller get it . But , please no Kids !!!!!!!
 I 'm partial to this film because it was filmed in the city I live in , Jacksonville . I got to briefly meet John Travolta during the shooting . I was fortunate enough to watch this film when it premiered at the Jacksonville Film Festival and I wish it would have been in theaters longer . It 's a great film ! I researched some of the facts behind the true story of this film and the director did his grandfather justice . Very interesting story ! Hayek 's performance was chilling !
 Lonely HeartsGandolfini and Travolta were great together . Not overbearing or superhuman . WE see a couple of guys with character flaws hunting for a couple of killers . I 'd like to see Gandolfini and Travolta paired again in future flicks . Hayek and Leto were excellent in their roles . This movie was a surprise for me . I picked it up because Gandolfini was in it .
 Very cute and clean film . We need more clean family films , without the use of the Lords name in vain , without profanity , without crude humor , without immodesty . Thank you for this and I hope there are many more to come .
 My children really liked this movie and watched it about 4 times in a row.They enjoyed it and will watch it again again I am sure - they really like the actors in the movie .
 Minor Details is about 4 girls who go to a private school and discover a mystery on their hands ! The girls go through their list of enemies and `` friends '' to see who done it ! Its a cross between Nancy Drew and Mean Girls . This is a great movie for girls whose parents do not want to worry about fowl language throughout the movie or a movie with bad values . You can rent this movie through select RedBox locations as well as on Netflix . If you looking for another good clean suggestion try `` Your So Cupid ! '' directed and with some of the same actors.The movie also features a great song at the end called Secret Identity by Brittnee Belt . Go check it out !
 My 12 year old daughter loved this movie . Watched it over and over again . Perfect movie for the younger crowd .
 This is the best movie ever ! I love this , you should buy this movie . How it is planned out . Its wonderful ! It is the perfect length , not too short , not too long . Its just the perfect length , you do n't have to get up a million times to keep from not getting bored .
 I buy it because I wanted to learn more about Faith or Christians . It is for teens but always good to learn something new .
 This movie is like Pretty Little Liars , but in an hour or so . It 's worth 1.99 for a week . I got two girls confused but I got it at the end . In conclusion , it 's really good and interesting .
 Loved this . I just love they mystery factor in this movie . I also like how the girls had the same kind of bed I do in their dorm rooms . I also liked the fashions in this movie .
 Loved this . I just love they mystery factor in this movie . I also like how the girls had the same kind of bed I do in their dorm rooms . I also liked the fashions in this movie .
 This movie is perfect for teen and tween girls . Starring Jennette McCurdy from iCarly and the Fred movie and with a cast of cute teen girls and guys , it 's a great movie to watch at a sleepover or just on a movie night with the girls .
 Christina Morales is a young and beautiful actress , whose skills spill bountifully over into her creative roles as writer and director of Dreammaker , a very unique and different kind of film . The characters are extremely entertaining , yet there is a quality that comes through them that becomes deeper and more engaging as the film unfolds . Watching this film from start to finish , left me with a very sweet and satisfied feeling . It is not to be missed.Alan GompersAuthor `` Maximum Security
 Came in quickly , great condition , funny movie . I 'm not much into it , but my husband -LRB- the one I bought it for -RRB- loves them . Great stress reliever .
 Item shipped & arrived quickly . Opened it & was just as advertise . I had not seen this movie in a long time . Nice Dream is absolutely the best movie they ever made . Hands down !!!
 My son has been wanting this so we got it for him for a gift . He was so excited to recieve this
 Classic Cheech & Chong Movie - Very funny with silly and crazy story . Entertaining movie , but would recommend PG-13 rating , not suitable for younger children under 13 years old in my opinion .
 This is yet another classic film starring the duo Cheech Marin & Tommy Chong . This film has parts that are reminiscent of the side-splitting original Up in Smoke in regards to such wit
 This was my favorite of all the Cheech and Chong movies.You can not watch this one and not laugh ! The concept of selling weed as popsicles from an ice cream truck ?? SOOO Funny !!
 This is another impressive installment in the Cheech & Chong movies . This is the third movie in the series and like the others I saw them all at the theater when released . Great stoners comedies do n't come around to often ! This DVD could use an up grade like all the others .
 It 's fun from begining to the end
 I love some of the Cheech and Chong movies , others , I dont really care for , this one is one I liked , I put it behind Up In Smoke , Still Smoking , and Cheech And Chong 's Next Movie , which were great ... and AHEAD of others such as to give one example - The Corsican Brothers , which seems to follow a different format or something and I didnt particularily like . The humor was good , I just was turned off by the silly parts relating to the -LSB- this is a possible spoiler -RSB- lizard transformation from the smoking of the weed , it was silly . The detective had goofy over acting too which was annoying . Cheech and Chong were top notch though however so I give this 4 of 5 stars !
 Remember in the movie where Tommy Chong , suggests investing ina Rest Home for Hippies ? Laid Back Manor.Well , Tommy is 70 + and , Cheech , is eligible for SSA ... why do n'tthey make one MORE flick for old times sake called ; `` Cheech & Chong at Laid Back Manor `` Would n't that me awesome man ? Far out!Everytime a resident dies , they have the person cremated , put the ashes in baggies ... then mix it with some reallygood stuff ... and , smoke it at the memorial.Far out ... huh ?
 This movie is extremely funny . I really like the song about saving the whales and how everyone who smokes the one type of pot turns into an iguana . Pee-Wee Herman was also a crack up ... `` Its the man for the Hamburger Dream '' ... . good stuff . No matter how many times I watch it , I still crack up laughing . . ...
 Nostalgia for my childhood recently caused me to buy and watch the Cheech and Chong movies -LRB- with the exception of The Coriscan Brothers -RRB- . Aside from realizing I should n't have been watching those movies in my pre-teen days , I realized how well done they are . Most amazing to me was that they held up one after the other , feeling not repetitive , though each of them is rather episodic . Most impressive was Chong 's direction ; he makes a number of interesting choices that elevate him beyond the status of writer/star who has enough power to direct ; clearly , he took this role quite seriously . The movies , of course , are not serious . I rarely laugh out loud in movies these days , but I did at least a half dozen times in each of these . The characters are not only given funny situations in which to work and funny lines to deliver , but each of them is presented with a kind of earnestness that makes them likeable , and the films all he more watchable .
 I cracked up at this Movie , this takes You Back into the Pot smoking Days of the 70 's , it makes you want to be back in that Time , i would love to have been back there with Cheech and chong lightin up some Dubies man , CHEECH AND CHONG ROCK , up in smoke was my Number one pick though .
 I had bought this is a gift , it was listed as new but turned out to be in excellant condition
 I got this movie used and it didnt take long to recive it and its like new not even a mark on eather disc
 I liked this movie alot and I have seen it about 20 times . It is just laid back and does not take a lot to follow it.From the point where they sell there weed out of there old Ice Cream truck and are followed by cops and Sgt Stedanko who a couple years earlier was a serious cop and now makes bust to get the weed.Then they get some weed from Jimmy 's house . Then they find out they made 17 million from the deals and celebrate and by goibg out to eat . There is a lady who things chong is Jerry Garcia . Then a Ex girlfriend of Cheech is there with Hamberger dude -LRB- Pee Wee Herman -RRB- and they do coke . After this She along with Cheech and Chong go back to the hotel for a 3 way.Then her Husband a convict that escaped comes to beat up and Cheech escapes naked and goes up and down a elevator shaft.When they finally get out Cheech finds out Chong gave Hamberger dude all the money and they look for him at Casa Del Wacko 's .
 some people said it was n't as funny as the others . it was kinda slow but only for short periods of time .
 This C&C was not as funny as NEXT MOVIE , but still is classic Cheech and Chong . WHen the duo meet `` Animal '' rules !
 It 's fun from begining to the end
 Classic ! In depth comedy from the best duo . Best bit ; when his balls are unscratchable !!! I loved it .
 i 'm a huge cheech and chong fan their movies are great does anybody know if these selections can be picked up on the dvd ?
 This is my favorite Cheech & Chong movie of all time . This movie stars Stacy Keatch and Paul Reubens aka PeeWee Herman . It hits on all the ususal antics of Cheech and Chong while they sell their `` big sticks '' disguised as ice cream men . Take out the bong , pack a load and sit back and enjoy ! Fun for all .
 Great Flick to kick back and toke a big fatty to , got ta love this one ! But wtf is up w/PeeWee Herman 's `` Hamburger Dude '' character ??? They must have been on acid when they thought that up ... Speaking of acid , Dr. Timothy Leary makes a cameo which is totally awesome ! yeah , rock on Cheech & Tommy !
 Cheech and Chong look like they had a lot of fun filming `` Nice Dreams '' with their comedic friends . I 've seen it at least ten times and I still find something I missed during previous viewings . I always laugh when I see the redheaded Chicken Man , or Cheech scooting around a padded cell in a straight jacket asking for someone to relieve an itch , and especially Michael Winslow 's Jimi Hendrix routine . Do n't expect a real plot and you wo n't be disappointed .
 Why this C&C film is always rated as the `` 2nd or 3rd best C&C movie '' by most reviewing it is beyond me ! It is a must-own if you are a fan of C&C -LRB- the big `` 3 '' any ways -RRB- , and could possibly be their finest.The `` Hamburger Man , '' `` Big Sticks ice cream treats , '' `` Save the Whales , '' Stacey Keach , Paul Reubens , and more pot than you can shake a stick at make this one an empitamizing Cheech and Chong adventure , for anyone with a good sense of humor .
 I 'm giving this 4 stars because I love Cheech & Chong . Nice Dreams , in my opinion , is the third best C&C movie . Up In Smoke -LRB- ' 78 -RRB- being the best followed by Next Movie -LRB- ' 80 . -RRB- `` Nice Dreams '' is enjoyable -LRB- I ca n't believe it 's been 20 years since I saw it in the theatre as a teenager . -RRB- The `` Save The Whales '' song is great . I 've always loved Tommy Chong 's guitar riffs and I love it when they do these little songs in the middle of scenes . After an enjoyable start , the movie slows down a bit but picks up for a funny second half . The movie gives off a very * cool * feeling with it 's `` pot growing '' scenes.My beef here is with Columbia Tri-Star -LRB- come to think of it , they should change their name to * COLUMBIAN Tri-Star * for the Cheech & Chong flicks -RRB- Seriously though , my problem is that there are NO FEATURES to speak of on this DVD . I WAS pleased to see that there was a picture disc and choice of format -LRB- including anamorphic widescreen -RRB- but NOT ONE REAL FEATURE . They even dupe you on the back of the DVD by stating `` bonus trailers '' ; implying that there are extra trailers * ALONG WITH * the NICE DREAMS trailer . NO DICE ... THERE IS NO `` NICE DREAMS '' trailer -LRB- only two others . -RRB- What the hell is the big deal for these movie companies to give us a few features for these older movies ?!? To me , features are much more important on an older movie -LRB- for nostalgia sake at least ! -RRB- than on some new movie that 's been promoted into the ground anyway!Here 's an idea for `` NICE DREAMS '' or `` CHRISTINE '' or `` THE MAN WHO FELL TO EARTH '' or any of the other older movies that have been given the shaft , features wise :1 . Theatrical Trailer -LRB- ALWAYS start with this ; having no trailer is like having no thermos in a lunch box . -RRB- 2 . nostalgic features like TV commercials , old interviews , poster art etc. -LRB- for me , this kinda stuff is VERY important . -RRB- 3 . Deleted Scenes -LRB- bring 'em on ! ... good or bad . -RRB- 4 . a nice featurette -LRB- which includes original * cast members * * looking back * on the film , not * producers boring us to tears * with location and technical troubles .5 . Finally , audio comm . is always a bonus.I know what you 're saying , `` NICE DREAMS '' is n't worth all that . Well , I say `` If you 're GOING to release something on DVD , FILL UP THE DAMNED SPACE ! '' Make it FUN to BUY ! Let us feel like we spent our money WISELY . DVD IS MEANT FOR THIS . ** CELEBRATE the film , do n't BARE-BONE it like it was a reissued VIDEO TAPE!Paramount did a decent job with `` Up In Smoke . '' I can only * hope * that Universal does a good jod with `` Cheech & Chong 's Next Movie '' ... but I 'm not holding my breath .
 Nice Dreams comes in 2nd behind Up In Smoke , in my opinion . The innocent , goofy demeanor of Cheech and Chong are better portrayed in Nice Dreams than in Next Movie . One complaint I have , is they left Sgt. Stedanko out of the main plot . I think it added alot more humor to the story when he was an uptight , though incompetent , police Sargeant in hot pursuit of Cheech and Chong along with his numbskull officers . Though brain-dead things like Chong cashing a check for the Hamburger Dude with NON NEGOTIABLE stamped across the front made it worthwhile .
 Nice Dreams might be either C & C 's second or third best film . They have a movie that might seem weird in the first viewing , but it grows on you after a few viewings , each one getting funnier . And it 's not just the funny sequences involving a pot garden , a lizard sergeant or mental patient animals . It 's also the little things , like chats by Cheech and Chong about petty stuff that actually might make sense when you go with the flow -LRB- like the discussion on Hippie retirement homes -RRB- . But that 's just an observation on the small things . Overall , Nice Dreams is a very hilarious film that has all the things you could want in a C & C movie , and while it does n't quite match up to the brilliance of Up in Smoke , it does many cool things ; one of which is bringing Pee-Wee Herman in the mix as the uproarious Hamburger dude . Love the save the whales song .
 Hard to believe this came out during the Reagan administration . Here , nevertheless , is one of the last gasps of the counterculture , and if it is not as tightly plotted -LRB- if that is the right word -RRB- as the auteurs ' Up In Smoke , neither is it as ploddingly episodic as Next Movie and Still Smokin ' , their other films of note . -LRB- Of Things Are Tough All Over and The Corsican Brothers , the less said the better . -RRB- There actually is something resembling a story here
 I love Cheech and Chong but I always hesitated buying these since they were around $ 15 a piece . I might of bought other Cheech and Chong movies for that amount but these were not as good as their first few efforts and I just could n't just toss over $ 30 for both . I 'm glad they did this because I could justify completing my collection of Cheech and Chong.The movies are funny but not Laugh out loud funny most of the time but they are Cheech and Chong and they have some fantastic moments . Do n't expect a lot of features to these CD 's you get some commentary and a bit of extras but not much .
 Cheech & Chong 's Nice Dreams DVD : Although Not as Funny as Up in Smoke In my Opinion . or Still Smokin ' . the Movie is still very funny . Stacy Keach returns , also You have Paul `` Pee Wee '' Herman '' Ruebens , In this movie . `` I am Not Sorry '' I am Sorry !! '' The scenes in the Restaurant are Hilarious . If your a Cheech and Chong fan , you need to see it .
 I recently went through Cheech and Chong 's catalog , specifically films directed by Chong himself . As I was watching Next Movie , this film , and Still Smokin ' , I noticed that all these films have a strange , surreal , laid back , leisurely style . Part of me wants to say that Tommy Chong was just stoned out of his mind when he directed these films -LRB- which he probably was -RRB- , but I ca n't help but notice that the films -LRB- especially Next Movie and this one -RRB- have a flow unique to themselves . The pacing seems deliberate , there are many long takes in the film -LRB- including one when Cheech , Chong , and a dealer are at the dealer 's house , and Cheech is burning tortillas while Chong is getting stoned -RRB- , and the film seems to be deliberately made that way . It does n't feel like a happy accident.Nice Dreams is also a very funny film . It is also downright surreal at times with the dealer 's `` garden '' and Stacy Keach slowly turning into a lizard while smoking the best grass anywhere . Cheech and Chong 's `` whales '' song is pretty good , too . Even though pot use in movies is more common now , Cheech and Chong were the only ones doing it back in their day . Cheech and Chong just did it , they were never self conscious about getting stoned all day and making money off of it.I am going to go out on a limb and say Chong has a directorial style all his own . I 'd like to see him make another film . He has n't directed one since Far Out Man , which was made sometime in the 1990 's . Nice Dreams is a very good film . It 's not as hilarious as Up in Smoke or Next Movie , but it 's still very good .
 I loved the story of Brer Rabbit and the Briar Patch when I was a kid . -LRB- I had the ... -LRB- gulp -RRB- ... album of the story ... boy am I old !! -RRB- It 's great to be able to share these stories with my kids . It 's not perfect , but it is enjoyable . Upon repeated viewing , a few things started irritating me , especially considering that my very young children are watching
 While this movie may not be the same as Disney 's classic `` Song Of TheSouth '' , this direct-to-video film is a beautifully animated , clean , wholesome , entertaining family film . This movie is filled with verymemorable characters , plenty of adventure , a lot of captivatingstories , great moral lessons , and superb animation . This film also hasa lot of clean humor without any of the sexual innuendo , lame puns , orgross-out humor that 's found in many animated T.V. shows and filmsnowadays . Even though this film is aimed at small children , you canenjoy this movie whether you 're 4 or 40 , and it 's great for the wholefamily to watch together -LRB- or by yourself -RRB- . On a scale of 1 to 10 , Igive this film a 10 all the way ! You will not be disappointed .
 I have n't seen the whole movie yet because my 31/2 year old asked me to stop it . He squirmed through Brer Fox trying to eat Brer Rabbit , and the Buzzard trying to eat him , and the alligator , but when the bear had him , it was too scarey . He has seen Curious George , Toy Story 2 , and the Little Bear Movie , and enjoyed them . You can guage from that wheher this is appropriae for your preschooler . I could n't help but laugh myself .
 Folks , let 's get real , do n't follow the stupidity of overanalyzing this with PC interpretations and looking for hidden messages about race relations and slavery . This film is not about any of that ! It 's basically a charming little story about a little girl whose mother sends her out to play and she meets a turtle -LRB- Danny Glover -RRB- who introduces her to the wonderful world of the Brer Rabbit stories.Although this is based more on folkmaster Julius Lester 's translations -LRB- from the original heavy dialect of Joel Chandler Harris 's 19th century transcriptions of these slave stories -RRB- than the Disney film , its still quite good and the original wascally wabbit 's tales are quite entertaining . Wanda Sykes is particularly loveable as Sister Moon and Nick Cannon is well cast as the heroic hare.Children are bound to love this and adults -LRB- once they stop the overanalysis -RRB- will enjoy it too with an open mind . As for the comparison with SONG OF THE SOUTH , this one has more on Brer Rabbit and the `` creetures '' -LRB- as Uncle Remus pit it -RRB- than Uncle Remus himself . SOTS ony had three cartoons dealing with Brer Rabbit while this has about three times as many episodes . I look at this more as a modern counterpart to SOTS as opposed to something that degrades the older film -LRB- I personally feels this compliments both SOTS and the Joel Harris books -RRB- . In either case , get it and laugh .
 I grew up listening to Br ` er Rabbit Tales . For those who think that Br ` er Rabbit is inseparable from Uncle Remus , Uncle Remus was invented as a way to tell the stories when it was transcribed by a White Atlantan journalist who heard the tales from Black sharecroppers on a plantantion . Uncle Remus is not essential to the Br ` er Rabbit tales , which are the result of African American and Native American oral traditions , and are told just fine without him there . This DVD does a fine job of giving us a good many Br ` er Rabbit stories . I thought it was a cute retelling , nice animation , and a good range of voices from plenty of African American actors . My kids enjoyed watching it , and I got to share a bit of what I grew up hearing at the many story festivals I attended as a little girl . For those who are disappointed that this is n't Song of the South , give Br ` er Rabbit a chance in a movie that actually focuses on Br ` er Rabbit ... unless it was n't Br ` er Rabbit that interested you in the first place ...
 I bought this for my grandchildren to show them what I watched when I was their age . Saturday morning was a big TV day .
 I did not receive my product , through no fault of the seller . I gave this review 4 stars because the seller was very helpful , and there was no delay in getting my refund .
 My son loves this movie . He watches it everyday-sometimes twice a day . He is only four years old . Also , I decided to show it to my sixth grade class before first period . We did not finish watching it , but they have been asking for it ever since .
 It is exactly what it is a DVD of THE ADVENTURES OF BRER RABBIT every house with little ones should have a copy .
 This is a really cute cartoon video . My grand daughter loves watching the antics of Brer Rabbit and all his friends . I am so glad we found this copy . Thanks
 `` Beat the devil '' is a landmark movie . A film that may be regarded as a satire of the Maltese falcon , spiced with acidic lines and touches of surrealistic vignettes all the way through.I would n't dare to affirm this movie was extremely close in what European taste concerns with Moulin Rouge , of the same director . Elegant , refined and filmed with genuine panache and unsurpassable style in the mood of great tradition of the highest class standards of black humor.That 's why the main reason this is - with The Maltese falcon - the two most reminded cult movies of this legendary director .
 This black-and-white movie from the 50s is over the top , has a splendid cast , and , if you can put up with its production flaws , is hysterically funny . Everybody is trying to `` con '' everybody else , and nothing works out for anyone . Wonderful !
 First off , its amazing how many people complain about bad quality of old old movies.I wanted to get a good copy of this -LRB- to replace my VHS -RRB- and opted for a this version . I was a little wary looking at a review , but I was very pleased . I put it in my DVD/Bluray and it up-played it even more . Compared to older copies , this is probably the best that we can make a movie shot on film almost 60 years ago.Video 8/10Sound 8/10Highly recommend !
 A Classic black and white movie directed by John Huston . The script was written on a day-to-day basis as the film was being shot . It concerns the adventures of a motley crew of swindlers trying to obtain claims to uranium deposits in Kenya as they loiter in a small Italian port in order to travel aboard a tramp steamer en route to Mombasa , Kenya . Classic Bogart .
 I am not sure if this was a movie intended to appeal to my prurient instincts -LRB- yes , that it did -RRB- but I do think there 's a good deal of quality to the movie , and I do n't think the director really intended this to be just another sexed up movie . Instead , I think the director was willing to let the producers make the first scenes get sexed up so that people would rent it , then would find there are other more solid , durable qualities that make the movie worth watching.I watched all the way through , and it stood the test of a full-length movie , for me . It was good .
 I sat on the edge of my seat waiting for him to successfully get revenge on his ex-wife . While the movie was n't fabulously produced , I found it really intriguing to watch the characters turn from one person to another throughout the movie . Pretty cool , I think that they could have done a better job with the dialogue and painting better pictures in the flashback scenes .
 I consider this movie to be one of the best that the husband/wife team of Charles Bronson/Jill Ireland did . Excellent scenery , great action and a sad but great finish . Waiting for the much deserved DVD release .
 i seen this movie a few times and i think it a very good movie charles bronson is arizona homicide cop the movie is shot in switzerland and it looks very good rod steiger is good movie havealot of excitement and thrills also star jill ireland the movie really show the breathtaking beauty of switzerland a must for all bronson fan
 Randolph Scott was a great actor . This film is one of many that shows his ability and is fun to view . Good for a relaxing evening .
 A pretty interesting movie . 54 minutes long and worth it . I had to watch for a global management class then write about it , entertaining at the least
 This documentary has it all - a beautiful up-to-date view of Israel that most outside the country do n't know or get to see , well researched perspective on research of happiness , high production value and well edited . If you are interested in either the best Israel has to offer and/or why certain cultures create more fulfilled people , do n't miss this documentary .
 Israel is an impressive little nation ... emphasis on little . Despite their small size , short duration of time as a nation , being surrounded by enemies , lack of natural resources and huge number of immigrant 's they have somehow managed to both survive and even thrive . This quick look into the mindset that shapes Israel is well worth the hour to view . While it wo n't change the outlook of those that fear or resent the nation of Israel , others will find it both informative and entertaining .
 It was good , it provides the precursors to what leads to achievement and accomplishment . Rather than focusing on how to avoid problems , it explains how to make things better .
 A good movie for those that want to make a case for Israel and need some of the details about her exceptionalism to feel confident to do so .
 Length :
 SPOILER ALERT !!! If you have n't already seen the film , The Good German , then do n't read any further or some of the surprises that pop up in the movie will be ruined for you.First , let me admit that the only reason I bought this DVD was because I hoped to see the ethereal Cate Blanchett either putting on a pair of nylons , or taking them off . After all , this is a movie that takes place in post-war Germany in 1945 , and it is rated `` R. '' Unfortunately , there were no stocking shots of Ms. Blanchett in the film , which was a huge disappointment to me , but I still enjoyed it to a large degree . It did take me most of the movie to finally realize why it was `` R '' rated and not `` PG-13 . '' If the F -- word is used more than once in a film , it automatically gets an `` R '' rating , and the F -- word was used several times , though once would 've been more than enough . I have no idea why the director , Steven Soderbergh , decided to take an `` R '' rating for a few choice words that really made no difference in the quality of the movie . I personally think it would 've been better to skip the F -- word and to see Ms. Blanchett in nylons . That would certainly have been more enjoyable.The Good German centers on George Clooney 's character , whose a newspaper reporter for the Army and is in Berlin to cover the Potsdam conference with Churchill , Roosevelt , and Stalin . He has n't been in Berlin since before the war and does n't recognize anything . His driver is Corporal Tobey Maguire , who also dabbles in the black market on the side to make some extra money . Maguire is seeing Cate Blanchett 's character , whose a prostitute and agrees to help her get out of Germany and to the United States . The catch here is that the Russians and two separate departments in the Army are watching Blanchett , hoping that her SS Officer husband is still alive and that she 'll eventually lead them to him . Some of the people want her husband dead , while others want him alive because of his knowledge . Tobey Maguire is killed off within the first third of the film for being too greedy . George Clooney is beat up several times throughout the film as he tries to find out more about Blancett and her supposedly deceased husband . Before the war , Blanchett worked for Clooney and had an affair with him . He 's still in love with her . Because of his love , he offers to help her and her husband escape and nearly dies in the process.The film , of course , is shot in black and white , and is modeled after the movies of the late thirties and forties . Soderbergh does an excellent job of capturing that time period and of shooting the film just like a forties ' director would 've done . The performances of all the actors are adequate for what they 're doing . There 's no Oscar caliber acting in this film , but the performers still do their part to carry the film along . I was a little confused at the end with all the information that 's presented to Clooney 's character about Blanchett and her husband and why everybody is after him , but up until that point I thought the movie was rather suspenseful and well done . It definitely held my interest . Is this a movie that I 'd want to see a second time ? No , but only because there 's no stocking scene in it with Ms. Blanchett . Had that been in the film , I would watch it over and over again !
 Despite what other reviewers said , including those in the local newspaper , I found this mystery entertaining . I went with somewhat lowered expectations.It is wonderous , if only for the masterful black and white photography . There is something deeply mysterious about highlighted cigarette smoke in a dark room . See the Carroll Reed/Orson Wells classic `` The Third Man '' & `` Casablanca '' before seeing this movie , this borrows heavily from both . Full of dirt and bombed out rubble , like The Third Man . The Third Man ? Casablanca ? # 57 & # 2 on American Film Institute 's List
 `` The Good German '' provides viewers with intriguing film noir related to a war setting . Director Steve Soderbergh opted for a black and white treatment of a film based in war torn Germany at the end of the conflict for a very good reason.Some reviewers were critical of using film noir format at a current point of film making when war ravaged Germany could have been shown using the latest in color technology . `` What was the point of it ? '' critics have asked pertaining to Soderbergh 's decision.As someone who has written two books on the subject of film noir , I will use the opportunity to jump into Soderbergh 's shoes and explain what I would presume his motivation to be . While so many critics remain ensconced in the captivating old detective genre starring a Robert Mitchum , Dick Powell or Humphrey Bogart , war provides a starkness all its own.In viewing `` The Good German '' I concluded that the starkness of black and white suited the tenor , tone and mood of a drama set against the rubble of the great city of Berlin after the destruction of war had taken its tragic toll.As for the dramatic elements , George Clooney was ideal as the war reporter who returns to Germany after hostilities have ended and reheats old passions with sleek , sexy and very savvy Cate Blanchett . When he learns that she has been having an affair with the young soldier who has been assigned to be his driver Clooney becomes disgusted , seeking to learn more about a woman he now believes to be a self-serving opportunist up to her eyeballs in intrigue.After having a violent physical confrontation with his young driver , Clooney becomes more curious as the driver 's body washes up on shore after his corpse has been floating in the river . The reporter becomes more determined to find out more about the woman who had been his lover . He is now convinced that he knew far less about than he had earlier believed.Cate Blanchett plays her role of a lady of mystery with consummate skill . She immerses herself in her role as a German so well that she is physically unrecognizable from the star that played another great actress named Kate with a `` K '' , namely Hepburn in `` The Aviator . `` At the film 's end Clooney 's confrontation with Blanchett reveals her as someone determined to survive during a war period and in a city where bodies are falling all around her.The lesson to be learned is that life is a battle for survival and that the Blanchetts of the world are the most skilled at playing it , enhancing their chances to endure . Philosophers continue to ponder the question of the morality of tactics pursued that would be anything but acceptable under less compelling circumstances .
 THE GOOD GERMAN is one of those films that captures the audience so much with its style and ambience that a relatively weak plot may go unnoticed.It 's on the eve of the 1945 Potsdam Conference in Berlin , and correspondent Jake Geismer -LRB- George Clooney -RRB- arrives in town to cover the festivities . Almost immediately , his wallet is stolen and , furthermore , he discovers that the girlfriend , i.e. steady hooker , of Tully -LRB- Tobey Maguire -RRB- , his enlisted Army driver , is none other than Lena Brandt -LRB- Cate Blanchett -RRB- , Jake 's pre-war stringer and lover . It also soon becomes apparent that the Russians in their occupation zone have a strong interest in finding Lena 's ostensibly-dead SS husband , Emil -LRB- Christian Oliver -RRB- . Why ? Well , because the Americans seem to want him even more , perhaps because Emil was personal secretary to a top Nazi rocket scientist . But Lena is exasperatingly closed mouthed about the whole affair , so what 's she hiding?THE GOOD GERMAN is gloriously filmed in black in white to mesh with archival footage from the time and place . Trust me , Cate 's strong-featured beauty looks good in any color or lack thereof . And though my wife disagrees with me on this , Lena 's character may remind one of an enigmatic Marlene Dietrich . In any case , this is Cate 's second Oscar-worthy performance of 2006 , the first being in NOTES ON A SCANDAL . In the meantime , George 's Geismer gets the Bandini beat out of him at every turn , first by Tully , then by Soviet troops and assorted mysterious assailants . It 's just not poor Jake 's day.A criticism of the film has been that Lena 's ultimate secret is n't worth writing home about . True , it did n't cause me to rise from a slouch in my seat and gasp with amazement . On the other hand , it does illustrate what the director was perhaps intending to show , i.e. that the banality of evil embodied by Hitler 's Third Reich depended largely on the predictable and mundane actions of its ordinary citizens . Lest we forget .
 ... I must credit ... Stargazer ... who critiqued this DVD perfectly ... movies in the WW2 years were produced on 35mm celluloid/film just like this one ... excellent art direction -LSB- wonderful -RSB- ... slices of life in postwar Germany were with raw emotions leaving nothing to the imagination ... Clooney and Cate portray their war/weary characters to the limit and like in real life , Clooney 's character gets the crap beaten out of him by nefarious Russians , Germans and even Americans throughout this black/noir flick ... best dramatic acting by the scarred up Clooney ... the ending on Clooney 's part was a letdown to me ... Cate lived a horrendous life/existence just to survive in Nazi Germany ... her portrayal showed how basically human one could be ... all of us would have done the very same things she did to see her dawns ... Tobey Maguire impressed me with his grasp of a capricious and double dealing SOB of an enlisted GI exploiting everyone he came in contact with ... his was a grand performance with a poetic justice demise ... this film ranks with any big WW2 movie ... in any era , too ... highly engrossing themes with the utter topical destruction wreaked on Berlin then and this DVD is well worth the sale price ... Clooney at his very dramatic best !! ... SSGT CHRIS SARNO-USMC FMF
 Recently , I have seen two films which have left audiences either being bored witless , or entranced , enjoying something different and intrigued by the plot . The Good Shepherd was a slow moving espionage drama , that dealt with lies , spies , and stealth , and The Good German is about survival , lies , entrapment , desperation.The Stephen Soderburgh directed `` Good German '' is a dark film both in dialogue and style - very reminscent of The Third Man , and the great Warner Bros film noirs of the 40 's / 50 's . Apparently he reverted back to using the same kind of cameras that were used in the forties , had the lighting changed to ensure the darkened look of the film replicated the look of the film noire - which built up the sense of danger and fear so essential to the background of a war torn Berlin.The central female character , Lena Brandt -LRB- played with perfection by Cate Blanchet -RRB- is a woman who is widowed , was raped by the Russians , now working as a prostitute , who is desperate to get out of Berlin , but needs a man to protect her and pay her way out.She becomes the mistress of Tully , a rather nasty , oportunistic and violent fellow who 's `` day job '' is as an American Army motor pool driver . This is the first time I 've seem Maguire playing a cad , but he inserts just the right amount of the `` smilimg assassin '' into his character.I recall one chilling moment when he is driving Jake - an American journalist -LRB- George Clooney -RRB- in Berlin to cover the Potsdam conference.Sully is bragging like a big shot about his his girlfriend , then he stops and says `` You can have her for an hour if you like . '' That summed Tully 's character up in one sentence , she was using him to get out of the country and he was using her for whatever took his fancy , knowing as he did that Lena was dependant on him for freedom and food , her very survival.George Clooney 's Jake -LRB- reminiscent of William Holden at his peak in this -RRB- is a former lover of Lena 's and when Sully is murdered after crossing the border into the Russian Zone , he steps in to try and help her.Lena proves to be not what she pretends to be - her survival instincts are such that during the war she cold bloodedly betrayed neighbours to the Gestapo - an act that comes back to haunt her.She is shown as self absorbed and ruthless , using men for their power as she is powerless , prepared to do whatever is necessary to save herself.All in all , it 's a tale of shadows and intrigue , of people who have lost their souls and who are trying to come to terms with all that has happened to them.The Good German is not a five star journey , but thanks largely to Blanchet 's fine acting and Soderburgh 's direction , the film is worth of 4 .
 In THE GOOD GERMAN , Steven Soderburgh does an amazingly good job of recreating the noir look , sound , and feel of Michael Curtiz 's classic 1940s Warner Brothers productions such asPassage to Marseille , Now , Voyager , andCasablanca , so much so that I expected Madeleine LeBeau , Leonid Kinskey and Marcel Dalio to play the bit parts.Shot in black and white with incandescent lighting , recorded with boom mikes , and using fixed focus lenses , Soderburgh makes this film an homage to the era of the wartime melodrama.George Clooney plays Jake Geisman , a war correspondent returned to his prewar posting , Berlin , just as the Potsdam Conference gets under way in Berlin -LRB- July 1945 -RRB- . As is natural , Jake tries to reconnect with his Berlin past , only to find himself drawn into a murder mystery shaped and defined by the nascent Cold War . As Jake blunders from situation to situation trying to discover the truth , he loses his postwar innocence and optimism.Along with others , Jake also gets into a lot of fights with a character I eventually dubbed `` The Mysterious Man Who Hits People In The Head . '' Said Mysterious Man appears so often that I suggested changing the name of the film from `` Der Gute Deutsch '' to `` Klop en Kopf . `` Also starring Cate Blanchett as Jake 's former lover , Lena Brandt -LRB- `` Why are you throwing away women like that ? Someday they may be rationed '' -RRB- and Tobey Maguire as an amoral American GI and black-marketeer , Sgt. Tully -LRB- `` You do despise me Rick , do n't you ? '' -RRB- , the four-letter dialogue and frank sexual situations belie both the atmosphere and the straight-ahead Forties-style plot to indicate that this is a retrospective , not a re-creation . So much of THE GOOD GERMAN samples films from the era that part of a cinemaphile 's enjoyment of watching comes down to , `` I saw that in ... '' This is particularly true of the ending , which will be instantly familiar but strangely unrecognizable.THE GOOD GERMAN is highly recommended , particularly for adherents of the classic silver screen .
 `` The Good German '' is a tribute to the old Hollywood classics like `` Casablanca , '' which is the movie that this film tries so hard to emulate . Stylistically , `` The Good German '' is incredible . The entire movie is filmed in glistening black and white , and it 's very hard to distinguish it from a movie that was made 60 years ago . The basic plot is pretty good , too
 `` Different . Good but not great . '' That pretty much sums it up . I am not a film noir expert . My movie experiences of the past mostly stem from Alfred Hitchcock movies . And have only seen Casablanca once , a long time ago . Actually , it does n't really matter , I think some of the elements of the past were captured pretty well , it was the plot -LRB- or maybe the book to movie translation -RRB- and script that really did n't work . The lighting was well done , the shadows , the music to set the tone . All of that was done pretty well . There were some good support roles also . I even kind of like Tobey 's appearance . The things for me that did n't work were the simplistic dialogue , the kind of strange background plot , and there were no real climatic moments . After a while , you do n't really care what happens , you just kind of want stuff to be wrapped up . And then when it is wrapped up , you still do n't care.And on another note , normally we think of the heroine character as someone we empathize with . Our heroine seemed a little dirty for me . She seemed to be popular in the towns that she visited -LRB- if you know what I mean -RRB- , also I could n't let go the Nazi angle . These are n't some of the best deeds for the lead characters.In summary , better than a lot of garbage out there . But misses on a couple of levels .
 An American Army journalist -LRB- George Clooney -RRB- has arrived in Berlin to cover the Potsdam Conference and soons finds himself embroiled in murder and intrigue . `` The Good German '' is director Steven Soderbergh 's homage to the Film Noir genre.All the usual Noir elements are there - a convoluted plot , a femme fatale , romance , mystery , and a hero who is continually being beaten up.There are strong echoes of Carol Reed 's `` The Third Man '' in the post WWII setting -LRB- in this case Berlin -RRB- and also Michael Curtiz 's `` Casablanca '' in the relationship between Blanchett and Clooney 's characters.Soderbergh employs a number of devices to evoke the Noir look of the film
 Berlin , July , 1945 . Journalist Jake Geismer arrives to cover the Potsdam conference , issued a captain 's uniform for easier passage . He also wants to find Lena , an old flame who 's now a prostitute desperate to get out of Berlin . He discovers that the driver he 's assigned , a cheerful down-home sadist named Corporal Tully , is Lena 's keeper . When the body of a murdered man washes up in Potsdam within the Russian sector , Jake may be the only person who wants to solve the crime . U.S. personnel are busy finding Nazis to bring to trial , the Russians and the Americans are looking for German rocket scientists , and Lena has her own secrets . The movie is mesmerizing . Say what you will about it , you have to commend Soderbergh on his cinematography skills . This a movie done in black and white , and was very well done . The score is good . It evokes just the right atmosphere . The editing is crisp and clever . I would n't say it 's Soderbergh 's best movies , but it 's certainly one of his his most unique ones , I think . I highly recommend it .
 Starring George Clooney , Tobey Maguire , and Cate Blanchette , The Good German is set in post-war Berlin . Newspaper reporter Jake Geismer -LRB- Clooney -RRB- is covering the peace talks , and enterprising young Tully -LRB- Maguire , in probably the least sympathetic role I 've ever seen him play -RRB- is his military-assigned driver during the trip . Who should Jake run into but Lena -LRB- Blanchette -RRB- , his former lover ? And Lena now just happens to be involved with Tully . Sound like too much of a coincidence ? You bet it is . When Tully turns up dead , Geismer spends the rest of the movie trying to figure out whodunit and why.Shot in black and white , in the film noir style , the cinematography is a beauty to behold . Rich , dark shadows with angles of light . Blanchette 's hair , black for the film , stands out in sharp relief against her pale coloring . Costumes are gorgeous and almost worth killing for . Even the cigarette smoke cooperates , wafting eerily through the scenes.Unlike some previous reviewers , I thought the performances were unbelievable . Blanchette is a chameleon . I fully believe this woman can be ANYONE . Maguire was easy to hate as the mercenary Tully , which was a nice change for him . His boyish face , which has worked so well for him as an awkward hero in the past , adds subtle dimension to this role as a very hatable character .
 Viewers are split on reaction to Steven Soderbergh 's experimental THE GOOD GERMAN and for good reason . The theatrical and cinematic qualities of this film noir are stunning , creating not only a flashback to the 1940s films but to the period of the 1940s in postwar Europe . The story is rich in suspense , visual surprises , and intrigue , and manages to unfold a complex tale involving many characters in a manner that keeps the viewer guessing about the outcome until the final image fades . But the film takes a hefty does of patience to appreciate.Potsdam conference , 1945 in decimated Berlin is the scene . Capt. Jacob ` Jake ' Geismer -LRB- George Clooney -RRB- arrives to observe and report on the conference and is assigned a driver named Tully -LRB- Tobey Maguire -RRB- , a fast talking , manipulative opportunist who loves post-war Berlin for the easy money it allows a doofus like him to make . Tully happens to have a lover , the mysterious Lena Brandt -LRB- Cate Blanchett -RRB- , who he is trying to assist in escaping from Germany . As luck would have it Lena had been a previous lover of Jake in his prior time in Berlin . The action begins when the Russians , the British , and the Americans reveal their attempt to locate rocket scientist Emil Brandt , Lena 's husband who she declares has been long dead . A murder occurs , espionage takes over and the film runs its cat and mouse chase for the discovery of the real Emil Brandt and the secrets his capture represent at this crucial junction in time - the Potsdam Conference.The characters in the film come close to being caricatures
 Apparently , I admired this film more than many others ; I 'm glad I do n't listen to the `` buzz '' . Certainly there are shortcomings , like the patchy editing of archival footage with the film moments . With today 's technology , the tansition could 've been a bit less obtrusive ... but then it would n't be Soderbergh , would it ? He 's a natural . Aside from the obvious tribute to Michael Curtiz , I noticed small tributes to Hitchcock & Rene Clair , among others -LRB- unintentional ? -RRB- . The acting is fine ; I especially liked the minimal appearance of Christian Oliver as the object of everyone 's obsession . The full-screen version I saw was a little more true to the noir idea , but I much prefer widescreen . The B&W photography by Mr. Soderbergh himself is rife with shadowy close-ups and dark intrigue . Many wo n't like it because it 's not a shoot 'em up action flick ; rather , a fine and intense mystery worth the attention of those who remember those fine films from the 40 's .
 Steven Soderbergh 's `` The Good German '' , depending on your age and knowledge of film can either be seen as a daring , new experimental film shot in black & white or a tribute to classic war time Hollywood films of the 1940s , most noteably `` Casablanca '' . I belong to the latter.Capt . Jack Geismer -LRB- George Clooney -RRB- is an American journalist , who use to live in Berlin before the war . After the war he was giving a choice of being stationed either in London or Berlin . According to Geisman there was no choice . He knew he wanted to go back to Berlin to try and find his lost love Lena -LRB- Cate Blanchett -RRB- who may or may not have been involved with the Nazis.Intrigue soon follows as Geisman 's driver , Tully -LRB- Tobey Maguire -RRB- is found dead . He allegedly had information regarding a German scientist Emil Brandt . In order to thicken the plot a bit we find out Emil was married to Lena , and it was her really the killers were looking for . Tully was having an affair with Lena and promised to get her out of Berlin . This all takes place before Geisman finds out about Tully and Lena and wants to rekindle their faded flame.To say more about the plot would be a mistake . I 'd ruin the entire film for you . But I have to admit I think the visuals and the effect Soderbergh was going for is a bit more interesting to talk about then the plot itself . The movie was shot on actually camera equipment used in during the 40s . The film has such a crisp look to it , that if it were not for the strong language and graphic sexual content , this could have been one of the lost films of 1946 suddenly found . Soderbergh did his homework on this one . I 'm not much of a fan of his work . I did n't enjoy titles such as `` Full Frontal '' , `` Kafka '' or his `` Ocean '' movies -LRB- I have n't seen 13 yet -RRB- but I did like `` Traffic '' -LRB- which I think deserved the best picture Oscar over `` Gladiator '' -RRB- and `` Erin Brockovich '' . Here though Soderbergh must be given his due credit . The film is more than an imitation . It is compelling enough where it could stand on its own without the gimmick of the camera equipment.But not just the look of the film captures the spirit of the times we have to give credit to Clooney and Blachett . I was never much of a Clooney fan but when I say `` Good Night and Good Luck '' I found a new respect for him and he is quite good in this film . He definitely recalls Bogart , though the part is a little different . Bogart was usually an outsider who did n't want to get involved . Remember his line in `` Casablanca '' ? `` I stick my neck out for no man . '' Here Clooney 's character wants to get involved . It was the whole point of his journey.Blanchett on the other hand I 've always admired . She is one of the great actresses working today . If we want to compare this to `` Casablanca '' we could say she brings Ingrid Bergman to mind but for some reason I thought of Greta Garbo . That mysterious woman appeal that Garbo excelled at seems to be what Blanchett was going for.A lot of people did n't seem to like this film . I came across mostly negative reviews from the critics and the public did n't seem to embrace it either . Why do I like it ? I have no clue . I could just be the simple reason I like what Soderbergh was going for . I enjoy Hollywood films from the time period . Or it could be it was just a good movie . Maybe a combination of both . Either way `` The Good German '' is worth watching.Bottom-line
 I really think that Cate Blanchett 's performance here is as good as anything I 've seen lately . She is incredibly impressive as Lena and her passion for the role has a powerful effect on our enjoyment of The Good German . As for Clooney , he is believable as Jake Geismer and makes a solid contribution . The only important actor here I can not be as positive about ; although , perhaps I 'm the only person who remains completely unimpressed by Tobey Maguire . I was surprised by how discordant his efforts were . He reminded me of that phrase that acting is not `` acting '' as he was `` acting '' or seemed to be intentionally playing a character . I felt that his Tully was contrived and quite bizarre . He stood out like spoiled sauerkraut among this ensemble , and detracted from the movie 's worth . The plot itself was riveting and it kept you focused in every scene as if it were a classic piece of 40s noir , but , at its root , the storyline was rather fantastic . The US occupation government in Germany was a little too clueless to be as sinister as they are depicted here . My willingness to suspend belief was strained , but I still found The Good German to be entertaining .
 Unless you are a serious noir buff , you have to be over 75 to appreciate this extraordinary movie . Sure , its a homage to the old black and white noirs of the 40 's and its been criticised for not doing a perfect job of it . Who cares ? Its the only movie combining post war Berlin , division of Europe , the coming cold war , and Nazi atrocities into a nostalgic noir package . Yes , its Casablanca and the third man combined . A noir gem .
 Edmund Burke said `` All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing . `` Setting aside the Film Noir debate , this film seemed to explore the issue of how it was that such horrific evil was allowed to fester and grow unchecked.The film slowly leads to its conclusion through twist and turn , with just enough intrigue to keep the viewer uneasy . The conclusion of the film really hits hard . There are things worse than doing nothing.The archival and gritty black and white worked well for me , keeping this film in historical context , and at times almost seemed to have a documentary feel . This served to remind the viewer that bad things did happen . Let us not forget.All in all , this was a good film , and yes Cate Blanchett 's performance really makes this worth watching .
 I do n't understand the reactions many people -- audiences and critics alike -- had to this movie . It was made in black and white and set during the war , so therefore it either had to be as good as `` Casablanca '' or `` The Third Man , '' or it was a piece of junk . I do n't follow this logic at all . Was every film-noir movie made in 1945 a five-star masterpiece ? I do n't think so.This is a really good movie ! In fact I 'd put it up there with the director 's best work . And not just in terms of craft , which is first-rate , but in terms of the whole package . The acting is excellent , the dialogue crisp and perfect , the pace and structure of the film , everything.The point is , they tried to do it in this movie like they 'd have done it back then , and they did a wonderful job . This movie is a great piece of cinematic storytelling , if it had been released in 1945 it would have been a hit and we 'd remember it as a great or near-great film . We would n't tear it apart by the seams like people do today . Long story short , see this movie not because it resembles the film noirs of Ye Olde Hollywoode ... see it because IT 'S A GOOD MOVIE.My only problem with it is , no extras ? Was Soderbergh so incensed by the hostile critical reception to the movie that he refused to put together a commentary and a documentary detailing the making of the movie ? Speaking as a fan , I 'd like to see what he -LRB- and the cast and crew -RRB- has to say .
 George Clooney and Cate Blanchett headline in this hard-hitting , rough-edged homage to WWII-era war films and postwar film noir . The film is shot in black-and-white and both borrows from and defies the cinematographic conventions of the time
 Though uneven , this is definitely a fantastic movie and worth watching . For the first 45 minutes , I found myself fighting boredom and confusion -- I read other reviews of the film and found that a lot of people bagged it because of the slow start . Its definitely a stylized film -- its incredibly well done and taken as a whole , I can definitely say I am glad I stuck through it . The beginning can be slow -- but hang in there !
 I give this film a high rating only because of what it could have been . I know that the actors wanted to make a good post-war film , with the tension and allegory that should have been present . I will tell you how the mark was missed . I doubt anyone associated with the film watched a single 1945-50 film produced in Germany during the emerging cold war . Many of these show the compromised characters of post-war Berlin actually IN post-war Berlin . In this film cuts from real film to computer generated scenes just miss the mark . In many of those film you see no one killed or beaten , it is all psychological inner drama and tension . It is not difficult to find these films . I have purchased many from Amazon . Instead , when necessary , this film resorts to Hollywood magic . The `` sought '' SS-man is able to hide out for weeks -- impossible with the military crawling over the ruins of Berlin . We are asked to believe that a motor-pool corporal can cross military zones with near impunity , stealing cases of scotch and selling them to the other side -LRB- the film is set at the time of the Potsdam conference -RRB- . There is no justification for `` necessities '' appearing from nowhere -LRB- e.g. , a French uniform for the SS-man -RRB- . Although I dislike it , the incessant smoking and drinking is missing . It can be done without glorifying it -LRB- e.g. , Slovenka , Slovenian Girl , 2009 -RRB- . The impoverishment of post-war Berlin is really not apparent . My point is not that there are better films . Essentially , my point is that THIS could have been a much better film -- and most American moviegoers who would want to see Clooney and Blanchett would NOT know where or when the films were made that provide the background for such a black and white film . Could have been a masterpiece , but instead , as you see from other reviews and the mean rating , it fell far short . George , pass auf !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 George Clooney , to me and only to me , is not such a good actor -LRB- my apology to his millions of fans -RRB- but every now and then he surprises me . In `` The Good German '' Clooney is more than competent and reveals a side to his acting not usually seen , and produces a convincing performance as Captain Geismar , who tries to unravel a murder mystery and to come to grips with his own emotions . Is this a film for everyone ? Not at all , but those who enjoy the reality of film noir and superb directing will revel in this film .
 seriously . Soderbergh directed -LRB- and did the cinematography -RRB- for this film ... above and beyond all THIS IS A SODERBERGH FILM . He 's up there with the likes of David Lynch and Cronenberg and various other experimentalists or avant-garde-ists . `` The Good German '' is beyond simply being a film noir , or having A-List actors in it -LRB- which he always does -RRB- - the film is to produce an effect and evoke something more than your average or even above average film can accomplish.when you deal with a director with this much vision and true artistry , viewers are bound to be polarized -LRB- even the `` thinking '' ones -RRB- . None of his films do particularly well at the box office and are usually very limited run and more often than not they will be sitting on your local Blockbuster 's shelf waiting to be rented by YOU.Solaris
 Since the days of Hitchcock 's Topaz we had not had the chance to enjoy an original proposal around those unsaid and minuscule sins of war that are absent of the great headlines of the History . `` The good German '' is a splendid and potent Noir film that focuses exactly the day before the Potsdam conference.An American General -LRB- Clooney -RRB- is sent to Germany in 1945 after having performing as journalist in 1939 when he met Lena Brandt -LRB- Cate Blanchet -RRB- , the femme fatale , whom eventually will have a torrid love affair despite of the fat she is still married with an important assistant of a key scientist who is developing a raising project by then , the V2 . When an unexplainable homicide occurs , the thread will lead us to the hidden and sinister reasons backstage.Filmed in astonishing black and white , we feel the imperious necessity of Soderbergh to pay a homage not only the Noir genre , but besides the German Expressionism , the unforgettable film `` The Third man '' under the streets of Berlin and specially Casablanca -LRB- the last sequence is more than a simple referential -RRB- It 's useless to say the principal star of the film is Cate Blanchet -LRB- one of the ten top actress all over the world -RRB- who really steals the show and looks light years around all the cast . She is the central nerve of the film from start to finish . Her German accent and her astonishing corporal gestures and the fabulous shots make of this film a winner but with just two inexcusable stains.The choice of Beau Bridges as the Colonel is totally unconvincing . He does n't demonstrate the perverse energy the role demands , looking absolutely uncomfortable along the film.There 's just an unforgiving flaw along the film . Pay special attention between the minute 30
 So I have been looking for all the seasons of this show for quite some time i started watching it just this past summer , so i guess you can say that it was n't a long time ... but anyway this is the cheapest i have found the third season ! Im excited to see it like this and most likely will be purchasing it soon . I was able to find the first two season at my local grocery store for $ 9.99 a piece ! So i lucked out there but good lookin amazon ! thanks for the dealz !
 Great product . Great price !!!! Best buy suggested retail = $ 50.00 and I got it for $ 19.99 on here . Ca n't complain . Very satisfied considering price and how much I saved ! shipping could have been a little faster but whatever , price I paid for it was worth the wait . = -RRB-
 If you are a Veronic Mars fan you must have this third season . I have eveyone watching and it 's wonderful to play and review with friends . I ca n't hardly wait for the next season .
 Very solid season . Not as brilliant as seasons one and two , but the stories are still fun , the acting is almost always great , and the writing is as clever as always . If you like seasons one and two , you 'll like this one as well .
 I just could n't wait to watch it , I do n't know , when I saw couple of episodes on TV I was like `` nothing special '' , but when I decided to give it a shot and start from the beggining ... LOL I just fell in love with it . So after 2 seasons I was completly addicted to it . Season 3 is as funny as previous ones , lots of my favourite characters -LRB- of course Logan and Veronica :-RRB- -RRB- I also liked the previev episode of season 4 . . but I do n't know if the season 4 was actually made or if the series was already cancelled :-LRB- -LRB- What a schame it would be , really great thing to watch :-RRB- -RRB- I enjoy getting new dvd 's to my collection like Veronica enjoys the thought about getting a PONY :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- I think this caracter is very funny-I WONT MORE VERONICA MARS PLEASE !!!! Whoever is in charge PLS !!!
 Veronica Mars - The Complete Third SeasonThe season was great , like all of the other ones . Theres no show that can compare to Veronica Mars .
 i love this dvd collection ... i missed the entire season while it was on t.v. Amazon was the cheapest and easiest way to enjoy it .
 The third season of VM is as good as the first two -LRB- although you will notice a few changes in structure -RRB- . The characters are as solid as ever , the stories are as intriguing as ever , the twists are as interesting as ever ... and just when it 's getting even better , the season ends and the show gets cancelled . I will never forgive the CW Network for that one !
 Veronica Mars is no longer made , but even so it still has to be one of the best series to come out of the USA . The third series is as brilliant as series one & two - -LRB- equally must haves for your DVD collection -RRB- . It 's concept is a mix between a female Sherlock Holmes meeting Beverly Hills , 90210 . Veronica Mars is played by Kristen Bell who gives a blow away performance supported by an equally talented supporting cast . The writing is also in a league of its own and the quality of production is far above the norm . The one-liners coupled with the strong characters guarantees a great viewing experience . The series finished due to not having enough viewers . This was mainly due to very little publicity and having its US schedule changed weekly . I have loaned my three box sets to friends who can not believe they had never heard or seen this brilliant series in the UK . I guarantee once you start watching this show you will be hooked and very disappointed it is no longer in production . RIP Veronica Mars you were the best ever .
 V. Mars is back and now attending College . She , of course , gets into more trouble and makes a quick enemy of the Dean -LRB- played by St. Elsewhere 's Ed Begley Jr , who is great -RRB- . It really is terrible that with so many cable channels out there that now carry original drama programming -LRB- TNT , A&E , F/X -RRB- ; that this quality show could n't be picked up . Kristin Bell had gone on to `` Heroes '' , but I 'll miss this young wiseacre . Nancy Drew with attitude . So long , Veronica , we 'll miss U !!!
 Today the CW officially cancelled the best show on television -LRB- understandably , some would say , due to abysmally low ratings -RRB- . There lingers a chance that the series might be revitalized in a different form , but the hammer has officially fallen . Veronica Mars is unceremoniously over.Season 3 was the first -LRB- and last -RRB- season of the show to air on the fledgling CW network . It took a different approach to storytelling than seasons 1 and 2 , featuring two separate mystery arcs and a number of one-episode mysteries , rather the season-long affairs for which the show had become known and loved . Despite the change , season 3 works as excellent , intriguing television . The writing is witty and the acting in sharp , as before.The creator of the show , Rob Thomas , once heard the series described as `` Chinatown meets Heathers . '' That 's a perfect description . I would say it also owes heavily to Twin Peaks . Chinatown happens to be my all-time favorite movie . I 'm a noir junky , and V-Mars serves it up in lusty , lipsticked , smoke-tinted glory with every episode . Many people are turned off by the concept of a high school/college girl solving mysteries . And they should be . As a premise , this show would easily fail in the hands of most producers . But Thomas and co-writers have created something magical and perfect here . The heroine Veronica is sarcastic , at times mean , overly hard-boiled , and full of acerbic wit . There 's nothing candy-coated about Veronica . First time viewers often disregard the show as `` another teen drama , '' and for this reason more than any other it failed to attract a sustaining audience . I urge you to give it a chance . Especially if you have a sarcastic mind , if you 've lost faith in the basically good nature of humanity , if noir interests you , or if you just like an intelligent mystery or exceptionally well-acted drama , this may be what you 're looking for . It was for me.Admittedly , I watch very little television , but to put things in perspective this is a short list of the TV shows I 've watched and loved over the years
 Heads-up
 The CW has got to be the most pathetic TV network -LRB- next to FOX , where it seems no shows last any longer than 2 years , but we get TWO NIGHTS of AMERICAN IDIOT , I mean , IDOL !! , yet great shows on FOX such as Tru Calling , Dark Angel and Firefly bit the dust far too soon -RRB- . The CW killed their best show , Veronica Mars , by halting it 's third season by showing America a generic RockStar/American Dufus -LRB- oops!Idol -RRB- televised search for ... THE NEXT PUSSYCAT DOLL ????!!! When this happened , I was like , This is TRULY the end of new quality TV being aired.Veronica Mars was a breath of fresh air to the TV airwaves after losing BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER and ANGEL -LRB- yet another show that was patheticly cancelled by the CW 's former , WB , way too soon -RRB- . Veronica Mars had great , young actors , clever dialogue and involved great twists and turns with it 's crime solving/mystery story-telling . . But , then again , maybe that 's why the show did n't last
 Networks often cancel the best shows and leave the ones that truly almost no one cares about on tv for far too long -LRB- According to Jim , Two and a Half Men , Will and Grace -LSB- seriously , that show went on too long -RSB- , etc -RRB- . The good shows that have cult followings , which are the strongest type of following in my opinion , often get the axe , usually because the American public ca n't think while watching TV , hence America 's Next Top Model , Laguna Beach , and every other terribly boring reality show . Veronica Mars is one of those shows that should have lasted.It was witty and smart and to figure out the season long mysteries was a hard task , but the show had amazing talent with show lead Kristen Bell as the snarky Veronica Mars . In season one she was a high school student working part-time as a receptionist at her father 's -LRB- Enrico Colantoni -RRB- PI business . The use of flashbacks created an actual history that most shows never show the viewer . We got to see what happened before and it created a more fulfilling show . Not to mention the supporting cast of Percy Daggs III , Jason Dorhing , Teddy Dunn -LRB- absent from season 3 -RRB- , Amanda Seyfried , Michael Muhney and Francis Capra -LRB- and later to much suprise Ryan Hansen -RRB- created a perfect noir world filled with mystery , murder , and a perfect amount of wit and sarcasm.In season 3 , Veronica began her freshman year at Heart College in Neptune , California , which only meant more murder and scandal for the young PI . With the additional cast members Chris Lowell as Piz , and Julie Gonzalo as Parker -LRB- and the final additions of Tina Majorino and Michael Munhey as series regulars -RRB- , the show hoped to bring in more viewers . They also changed the format from season long mysteries to shorter arcs around 7-9 episodes a mystery , but still keeping with a Mystery of the Week theme . This was in hope to bring in more viewers because it was believed by tuning in during a season long mystery somewhere in the middle woudl deter viewers from watching . The episode count was cut from 22 to 20 which threw off series creator Rob Thomas ' original vision for season three , but the show still managed to keep it 's wit and spark up until the end.Most viewers saw the end coming before the season -LRB- and thus series -RRB- finale ended , but the devout cult followers held their breath hoping and holding on to their beloved show . The writers and creator did too . The storylines were left open , with Veronica dating Piz instead of fan-favorite Logan -LRB- Jason Dohring -RRB- after a tumultuos season although it was always assumed the star crossed lovers would end up together after it all , and Veronica 's father Keith Mars -LRB- Colantoni -RRB- was in a heated sheriff race which viewers will now never know the end to . The story line was left open but Thomas had been working on a new direction for the show which would have taken Veronica into the FBI and would have been set a few years in the future from season 3 . She was accepted into an internship at the end of the season so the idea was not too far-fetched . However , the network did not go for it and decided not to renew our beloved neo-noir show.I 'd highly recommend Veronica Mars , especially to anyone who enjoyed the cult TV phenomenon of Buffy the Vampire Slayer , only this time Veronica is n't slaying the undead , she is slaying the criminals that inhabit her wealthy , pristine , and perfect -LRB- on the surface -RRB- community . The snark and wit and wonderful acting by the cast created an environment that invited viewers in every week . I 've converted many people into die hard fans , but I ca n't take credit for that , it was all the writers and actors on the show . Obviously it would make more sense to watch the seasons in order as to fully grasp the backstory which is woven in throughout the three seasons.Overall , five stars , all the way .
 I discovered Kristen Bell at a convention before my wife and I ever saw the series Veronica Mars . We bought the first two seasons and had to go through them non stop as they are fantastic . One of the best TV shows we have seen and we are in our seventies . The third season is on order and we will watch Heroes just because of Ms. Bell . Her film `` Gracie 's Choice '' is also tops .
 While VERONICA MARS may not have been quite the genre-bender that BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER was , it was every bit as well-written , and though Bell definitely was too old to play the character -LRB- in the first season at least -RRB- , she was quite wonderful , as the uber-smart-angst-ridden-detective-apprentice-heroine . In fact , most of the characters were both well-written , and well-played . So as with most series that stray too far away from slop opera , and neatly boxed little conundrums that a five-year old could figure out in two minutes , this all-too-exceptional series went the way of ANGEL , FIREFLY , and more recently , TERMINATOR
 I love veronica . The only thing I can say bad about this season is the fact that it is the last one!It does seem a little cut off at the end though . Did n't feel like a good closer to me . But it was still a very enjoyable season and series overall .
 I really like this series . I hate it did n't last longer . Kristen Bell is a good actress , best of luck to her .
 I had a difficult time finding this specific season in stores . Glad you were able to help me out in finishing up the series
 I 'm a huge Veronica Mars fan and having this at home to watch as much as I want has been fantastic .
 AMAZING SHOW ! I was sooo easily hooked from the first episode I ever watched . SO very very impressed . Bravo ! Well DOne
 I am biased I love Veronica Mars -LRB- or VM as I call it -RRB- . I was hooked from Season 1 and although some critics did n't like Season 3 I really enjoyed it . It is different from the first two seasons because now she is in college and acts and solves mysteries differently . If you are a true fan it has great clips at the end and potential trailers for a Fourth Season which sadly never happened .
 I truly love this show . The characters are real and the writing is quick and witty . I wish they could have continued this show a little longer , but now I will have to wait for a movie -LRB- crossing my fingers -RRB- .
 My daughter just discovered this series . She 's hooked . It is well written and a joy to watch with her . We wish this series kept going .
 Terrific Christmas present for my mom . It arrived in great shape and in a timely manner . Ca n't begin to tell you how many times they 've watched it .
 it was a good product . The quality was good . the dust cover was not scratched nor the disc . very impressed .
 I own all three season of Veronica Mars . From the pilot episode first aired on television i was hooked and watched all of the season on tv . I was very bummed when i found out that they were canceling Veronica Mars . The plot lines in all three seasons were amazing . Even when they changed the format in the third season , it was still great . I recommend this show to everyone ! I have hooked many of my friends -LRB- who ended up borrowing all three season -RRB- including my boyfriend . Many of my girlfriends hooked their boyfriends on the show as well . Its for guys and girls of all ages . My entire family loved this show , even the ones who do n't watch television loved it . Veronica Mars is a great show with amazing actors/actresses with just enough drama and comedy to keep the audience at there toes . Its a must have in any dvd collection .
 Nice series . Shame they stopped.The discs I bought here at amazon worked fine on my EU regionlocked DVD player .
 IT IS GREAT TO SEE A RESOURCEFUL TEENAGE LADY DO HER PART TO HELP THE GOOD AND FOIL THE BAD GUYS .
 My girlfriend and I started watching Veronica Mars on a 7 hour plane ride . Her sister -LRB- 25 yrs -RRB- offered it to us about 4 hours into the flight . We watched it for the next 2 hours until our mac died . It sounds silly that we love this WB show so much , but seriously , we flew through season 1-3 . We are both 23 and in law school -LRB- i know that bumps us down a few notches on everyone 's cool radar -RRB- but seriously , you should really give it a try - I am sure you wont be disappointed . The characters are very well developed and you eventually learn to love them all . Do yourself a favor and buy this DVD - you can thank me later : -RRB-
 i was so sad that they took veronica mars off the air ! i love this show and the characters and the writing . now i have the 3rd season on dvd so i can watch it anytime i 'd like ... which is like all the time . i also have seasons 1 and 2 .
 TO BE ABLE TO SEE THIS AFTER CABLE QUIT CARRYING THE CHANNEL WAS JUST GREAT . TO SEE THE OL TEAM BACK IN ACTION AGAIN WAS GREAT . A COUPLE OF PEOPLE GAINED A LITTLE WEIGHT DID N'T THEY .
 There is a small yet growing and loyal audience for this show . I must admit saw a few episodes when it was airing and though I really enjoyed them , I was never a devoted fan . Then I heard it was being cancelled ... you ever hear the phrase `` you do n't know what you have until it 's gone ? '' Well , it hit me how consistently great the episodes I watched had been so I bought all three seasons , started watching them , and managed to thoroughly convert my husband into a huge VM fan . This show was razor sharp in wit and style . The character development of Veronica and Logan -LRB- separately and as a couple -RRB- was non-formulaic and completely believable . That is due to Bell 's and Dohring 's terrific acting as well as the writers . Finally , if anyone can watch Veronica and Keith 's father/daughter relationship and not think , `` I wish he were my dad '' , I would have to say what the frak ?! -LRB- inside joke , watch the show ! -RRB- The only downside is that the show was left with a season ender not a series finale so there are still so many questions left .
 Veronica Mars was an awesome show . I had to watch the first two seasons on DVD because I was UPN-less but it quickly became an all-time favorite . While the third season was n't up to par with the first two , it was still better than a lot of what was on TV . And I still miss the show . I highly recommend it to anyone . It 's not a teen show in the least -- it 's very unique .
 With high school now completely behind her , Veronica Mars -LRB- Kristen Bell -RRB- heads off to college . In spite of her best efforts , she 's stuck in Neptune , attending Hearst College and living at home with her dad , Keith -LRB- Enrico Colantoni -RRB- . As a result , it 's really no surprise when mystery and danger find her again.Veronica 's well earn reputation and the person who can solve the unsolvable gets her involved in one case after another . Who is behind the `` Welcome Wagon '' and steals new student 's stuff ? Who would kidnap a monkey ? And where is the missing member of the board of trustees?Unlike previous seasons , there are two bigger mysteries . The first involves the serial rapist on the Hearst campus . And the second one begins when college dean Cyrus O'Dell -LRB- Ed Begley , Jr. -RRB- is found dead in his office.And we ca n't leave out her personal life . Her on again off again relationship with Logan -LRB- Jason Dohring -RRB- creates problems , especially since friend Wallace 's -LRB- Percy Daggs III -RRB- new roommate Piz -LRB- Chris Lowell -RRB- is also interested in her . With all this going on , will she ever have time to study?Unfortunately , this is the final season of a show I fell in love with right away . The mysteries were sharp , requiring concentration to follow every week . Yet the clues were there . Veronica has a sharp sense of humor that is wonderful for lightening the mood of the usually dark show . The relationship soap opera , while at times annoying , never got too bad . And all the acting was top notch.Having praised it , this is my least favorite season of the show . And it 's not because there were two shorter mysteries and a couple stand alone episodes . It was because the adult tone , definitely always present , became even more pronounced . Of course , that 's what you 'd expect with rape being a subject for half the season . Even the details of Veronica 's personal life made me uncomfortable at times.As a result , I do n't recommend this show for young kids . Older teens and adults will absolutely love this sly combination of wit and noir .
 It 's a slightly weaker season , but still better than all most anything on TV . It 's a shame it went of the air , but at least it lives on DVD ...
 This season of Veronica Mars was constructed more like two small seasons joined at the opening/closing credits . Once again , HQ scripts , ultra cool psycho babble and excellent filming and editing have made this boxed set the perfect TRIPLE end to this chapter in her story ! And the beginning of a totally new storyline with no resolution in sight . Just Veronica walking of into the gloomy rain , thinking of her next course of action.With all three seasons in your hiddien DVD cabinet , you will always have something enjoyable and fun to watch.One spoiler for me
 This was an amazing season ! There were so many mysteries . No sooner was one solved than another was created . Action packed to the very last . The pitch for Season 4 is included in this set - and it would have been a great one . I ca n't believe the show was cancelled . Buy all three seasons and enjoy every last second you can . I have yet to meet someone who did n't love this show . I will miss it .
 Great show , I hate to see it go . The third season adds another dimension . Very good , though sometimes a little over the top . If you liked the first two seasons , you will like this one .
 Such ashame to cut this show short . Somebody needs to pick up this show and run with it to the bank .
 This third and last season was thought provoking , emotional , well-written , and fun . I really enjoyed it and wished there were a 4th season . Loved the relationship between father and daughter and Veronica and friends . And Dick is a hoot !!!!
 This is a great series and I have watched the entire season two times already . I love the honesty of the show . If you love detective movies you will love this one . Kristen Bell is a great actress .
 Veronica Mars is the best TV show ever , hands down . To own the entire series on DVD is a must . Hopefully , enough sales of Season 3 will lead to an eventual Season 4 . The CW Network has dropped our beloved Veronica , but Season 4 had started filming , and is being shopped around to other networks , with the possibility of a full length feature film in the future ! : -RRB- JS
 Each season of Veronica Mars just gets better and better . The third season was fantastic . I ca n't believe this is the final installment . I found the 3rd season as addictive as the first two . The cast of characters have amazing chemistry together , the writing -LRB- by Rob Thomas -RRB- is clever and intelligent , the plot lines are interesting and plausible . Everyone I have introduced Veronica Mars to has found it addictive . I ca n't believe there wo n't be a fourth season !
 If you like detective stories you 'll like this . A high school girl who got her chops working at her fathers detective agency and has top notch computer skills . Well acted and cast the stories lead you from breaking up a dognapping ring to a drug ring by way of a robbery . I enjoyed it and think you will too .
 My husband and I thoroughly enjoy Veronica Mars from week to week . However , Season 3 was what I would call mildly disapointing . Still great to watch and get into with its whitty scripts and lovable character profiles , but too many doors were open in the last half of the season that had n't been explored.Even through the disapointing ending of our favorite show , we are still big fans and will undoubtedly purchase the 3rd season on DVD to complete our collection .
 I can not believe they are cancelling this series . . the CW is crazy ... there is tons of fan support . . something is wrong with the rating system or something !! Buy all three seasons ! The third season is different from 1 and 2 , but still amazing in its own right .
 Veronica Mars is one of the best TV shows I have ever seen and it is such a disappointment that it has to end with season 3 . I loved both the first and second season immensely . The second season finale came as a shock to me . I mean , it was so unexpected but you always have to expect this in this show . I fell in love with Kristen Bell because she is such a talented actress and she played the role of Veronica Mars excellently . I doubt any other actress can do that.Is the third season coming out on DVD or what ? I would love to get it on DVD but till now , there is nothing .
 This show is , as always , a total blast to watch . It 's witty , it 's intelligent , it 's addictive . Veronica Mars is , as always , sarcastic in the extreme , cartoonish , and wonderful . Her dad is the best dad on television . Logan is the most hopelessly in love ex-boyfriend ever , and Wallace is an amazingly dedicated friend.It 's an excellent show about people with both great senses of humor and an abundance of moral fiber - this show rocks !!!
 Veronica Mars season three comes out on DVD October 23rd . This season of Veronica Mars was good , but not quite up to par with the other seasons . I do n't want to spoil this season for anyone who has n't seen it yet , but if you see it you will not regret it .
 The item was package well and it came fast . The product came on time and no delay . All the DVDS were there in the season box set .
 Veronica Mars - The Complete Third SeasonVeronica Mars - The Complete Second SeasonI loved this series I was so sad when they stopped making the show
 SUPER SLEUTH TEENAGE PI AT IT AGAIN . DO N'T KNOW HOW SHE CAN FUNCTION WITH ALL HER LOVE LIFE CATASTROPHIES . JM
 I thoroughly enjoyed Veronica Mars for its flawed heroine and story threads . Veronica was capably played by Kristen Bell , sarcastic , witty and judgmental , I cheered and commiserated with all the characters and was disappointed that the end was so up in the air . Why is it always the intelligent shows that get canned ? Perhaps the ` powers that be ' are asking the wrong people what they watch .
 It was greatWhat I had expected , based on the previous seasons.However , the final episode was dissappointing . Only because there will be no continuation of this program . I want to know what happens next ... Pilot was great fun though . It would have been great fun to see Veronica Mars as a FBI agentAlasIt was n't ment to be
 The disppointing part of this set was that there would be no more . It apparently was set up to have a 4th season , what happened ? I became a fan after the show was cancelled . I have n't seen many series ' that hold up season after season like Veeronica Mars did . She is extremely talented and I hope to see more of her . Wish this could have been a choice
 Another brilliant season of Veronica Mars ! Sadly the last one as I have been made aware of recently : -LRB- Veronica and her friends are now in College at Hearst , however you do n't see much of Wallis , but she has made new friends now and occasionally catches up with Wallis.The only thing that was not so great was -LRB- without giving anything away ! -RRB- the open ending , I felt that the ending really did n't resolve much and it feels like another couple episodes should have been added to the season.Previews are included on this disc for what they thought would be the 4th season , which looks interesting but seems to have lost the ` spark ' the original three seasons had , so maybe it 's not such a bad thing there are only the three seasons after all.The outtakes are fairly funny , and it 's good to see the cast and crew having fun : -RRB-
 This is a great series and follows on well from the previous two . Very entertaining and great story lines . I could n't help but watch episode after episode because I wanted to find out what was happening and who was committing the crimes ! Well worth the money . I would recommend it to everyone . If you liked the first 2 seasons , you 'll love this one . Great sneak peak into the 4th season as well , am looking forward to seeing it !
 I just love these crime and solve them TV series . A fantastic series which I have just brought Series one and two of .
 Kristen Bell continues to shine in the third and final season of Veronica Mars . This season does not have the same level of depth as the previous two seasons , as there is no season long mystery for Veronica to solve . There are multiple mini-mysteries that Veronica does solve , and she figures them out well . Plus , Kristen Bell 's acting is reason enough to watch the show . She 's sassy , smart , creative , and has that no fail attitude seldom seen in a young actress . Any fan of the first two seasons will love this season , as many of the cast returns , along with some new characters . If you have not watched Veronica Mars , start now !
 Great sending , with a not so important delay . Just a little disappointment
 I am very pleased with this purchase . Considering that the show is now defunct , I can now say my collection is complete . Great series , great price ! Excellent !
 Every season of Veronica Mars was brilliant , and each episode can easily be watched multiple times!I highly suggest buying ALL the seasons!Veronica Mars - The Complete Third Season
 The series 3 was good , but it is a shame they took the program off the air . It was a good series for a female teen to view , other than the typical shows that do n't put much effort into women being detectives and good ones at that .
 Wow ! I ca n't wait for this item to become pre order ! Veronica Mars is the best tv show you 're not watching!Received this is the mail a few weeks ago . I wish there were more Special Features on it . Or maybe I just wish for more Veronica Mars ... The best episode has to be the Paul Rudd episode . But also love the episode where she catches the campus rapist .
 The product arrived just as described online . It was also very reasonably priced . I would be willing to buy from this seller again .
 this show is incredible . veronica is such a good role model for teenage girls trying to `` find themselves '' in high school . she 's smart , witty , and resourceful - everything we wish we were . veronica mars -LRB- the show -RRB- is dying , so PLEASE buy the third - and first and second - season !
 Veronica Mars - The Complete Third SeasonThis show is so incredible that it is so hard to discrible it . It has suspense , mystery , Love and so much more . There is truely no show that can compare to it . It is critically aclaimed and it was a shame that the network that it was on did little to nothing to promote it . I am almost sure that it is as good as Lost maybe even better . seasons one and two were amazing as well . If you havent seen this show then you have no idea what you are missing because it is so good and addicting .
 If CW does n't revive Veronica Mars in some way , I 'll be one sad puppy . But I am truly grateful to have been able to enjoy VM for three seasons , anyhow.I ca n't add much to the good reviews already written . VM really was the best series on TV ever . Period .
 Unfortunately , in today 's television industry , it 's rare to find programming that is well-crafted , original , and entertaining.Veronica Mars is all that and more ! : -RRB- Veronica Mars is a strong young woman who has an incredible and healthy relationship with her single father . She is n't the most popular person in the crowd , but the friendships she has are solid and true . She has very real struggles in life - stretching for independence yet yearning to earn and keep her father 's pride and trust , working to become a responsible young adult while stumbling along the way.It 's hard to put into words the various complexities `` Veronica Mars '' tackles in a very real and thoughtful manner . The show truly speaks very well for itself , and I highly recommend you watch it and see for yourself that it 's a fantastic program .
 Veronica Mars . Short . Blonde . Petite . Sassy . Detective ? A young incapable looking girl is a tough , action figure private detective in a town full of sin.In the show 's third season it adopted a new format . Instead of the season long mystery it had three mysteries that played out one after the other along with each episodes ` mini-mystery ' . The season starts out with Logan and Veronica finally together , letting the audience see what they really are like as a couple . Giving a good majority of the fans -LRB- self proclaimed LoVe shippers -RRB- exactly what they wanted
 Veronica Mars is one of the best shows on TV and the CW is crazy for cancelling it ! There 's pretty much nothing good left on TV . I definitely recommend starting with Season 1 and working your way through to Season 3 to get the full effect of the show .
 To end with a regular season ending is just wrong . Thankfully Kristen still has hope for a movie . Awesome series !!!
 I got exactly what I ordered , delivered fast and in great condition . Will use this seller again in the future .
 this season of veronica mars was thriling it always keept me on edge and always wonting to watch the next episode there is only one thing that i did not like and that was the the season ended and there is no season 4 to go on that is the only thing that i did not like .
 So , so sad when it ended . All three seasons were good but the best is Season One . Kristen Bell rocks .
 I love Veronica Mars ! However the way it ended sent me up the wall.I could n't wait to get the next season . Then i found out it had been canceled . Total BS they need to bring it back ...
 The product was what I expected and more , I had absolutely no problems . On the other hand , the service used to deliver it to Argentina , DHL , is really bad , you should reconsider this , or maybe add another option like FedEx or ups which I 've used in the past and the service was great .
 Why do all the good ones have to come to an end ? I loved both Veronica Mars and Cupid -LRB- both CW shows -RRB- . I love the idea of watching her grow up then head off to the FBI . I love relating to her . Found this on Netflix and have been addicted ever since . They should have hulu , NBC , or ABC pick this up and finish it . Or even Marvel or DC . Someone should just pay for it and finish filming it . The crime noir feminine lead here rocks . I ca n't wait until Netflix and hulu -LRB- ie the fans -RRB- are the ones who get to choose what airs and what gets cut . That 's how Chuck got saved , the fans -LRB- and Facebook/Twitter -RRB- .
 This was a great show , but it got cancelled . There 's sort of a cliffhanger ending that leaves you highly annoyed that they never picked it back up . Oh well .
 I thought the 1st and 2nd season of Veronica Mars were amazing . The third season was good , but there were some things I did not like , especially being a Logan/Veronica fan . The mysteries seemed less personal for the most part , unlike the first two seasons , -LRB- with Lilys murder , Logans parents , Duncan , etc. -RRB- The cast has new characters , some of which I like , some I did n't . But all in all , its still Veronica Mars , and I love the show . Dvds have some good extras on it , and an interesting `` season 4 promo '' that actually made me glad Veronica Mars was not picked up for season 4 . : -RRB-
 The complexity of a multitude of simple puzzles overlaid on the larger darker mystery , the versatility of Kristen Bell 's acting and the strength of the cast makes this a series well worth watching . One of my favourites .
 very good season , good episodes , bad ending of a season espially it was the last ever . since i watched special features i glad it did n't continue beacause it was very different to the show normally
 This is the best series I have seen in years , it is a shame that it got canceled mid story . It needs to be brought back full force ! You go Veronica !!!
 So , this is the last season for Veronica Mars and we follow her from High School to College . OK so it 's not Stanford as she 'd always planned , in fact she 's still in Neptune CA . Poor girl just ca n't seem to escape her past . After the high drama of Season 2 she just wants to settle in to her new life , but guess what ? College has more murky dealings that just keep getting in the way.She still has the ever-reliable `` Wallace '' for help , although his role as side-kick becomes less important as we are introduced to an array of new characters for Veronica to exploit , as she crusades against campus rapists and murderers . Of particular note is the further development of `` Mac '' played by Tina Marjorino.Romance comes in the form of `` Logan '' and others , and we learn more about the 09-ers families . Unfinished business from Season 2 casts its own shadows , and Veronica does not come through unscathed.I got a lot of fun from this series . The writing , the actors ' comfort with their roles and the clever use of limited funds to give us a big budget feel , produced an excellent example of US television at its best . So it is a pity that the network insisted that the producers change the format for the last half-dozen or so episodes . By forcing the writers to round up long-running stories in a rush , to allow the episodes to be shown as stand-alone ones as their slots were moved around or postponed in America , they practically guaranteed the show 's premature demise.Not to be defeated by the network 's negativity , creater Rob Thomas raised the funds for a pilot for Season 4 . The DVD box-set includes this as one of the many bonus features , and I for one would like to know what happened next . So , if you won the Euromillions Lottery this week , and fancy getting into production ... ?
 season 3 was ok . it was n't as great as 1 and 2 but it certainly was n't bad . It was a transition season , and like transition movies and books , it lost some of the charm the other seasons had because it had to convey a lot and keep its audiences while atempting to gain more fans . Moving from high school to college , meant a whole new staff , new story lines , new sides of neptune and still incorperating the original characters like Kieth.When i bought Seasons 1 and 2 i couldnt tear my eyes away from the screen , but season 3 i was able to space out over days . The very last episode was proof that rob thomas had n't lost his touch . It was pure veronica gold . The last scene of veronica walking down a rainy street away from the camera while the song `` it never rains in southern california '' plays was just haunting ! It was perfect and as end to the series it did fine . It left hope for LoVe , showed us a forever strong bond between veronica and kieth , and keeps us thinking about veronica 's future with the new knowledge of a secret society and its member 's mishaps and jake kane 's invlovment.now , had they done a season 4 at the FBI , i think that would have been werid . as a promo on the dvd it was awesome ! i loved being able to see were veronica would end up , but as a movie i really hope they do like a fourth season of the show with veronica still in college and answering some of season 3 's questions in that brillant Rob Thomas fashion.Overall season 3 is a must have for fans and curious newbies alike , not as great but still really really good .
 I think that Season 3 is at least the equal of the first two , as the mysteries are more substantial and the overall tone is darker , but the great comedic dialogue remains . The extras include a 15 minute portion of what would be a Season 4 episode , and much commentary by Rob Thomas on highlights and deleted scenes
 Season 3 is not as good as season 1 or 2 but it does have its moments and season on its own still deserves 5 stars but i were to rate it as compared to the first 2 seasons i would give it a 4 ... if only the netword would have stopped meddling !
 The three years that it was on the air , Veronica Mars was the best show out there with great dialogue and mostly great acting . The beginning of the third season was a bit weak and the entire season was plagued with too much relationship drama , but there were many high points too . In my opinion , the final episode alone is worth buying the whole season for ; in fact , I thought it was the strongest season finale of the three -LRB- because it was more dialogue-based than action-based -RRB- .
 Veronica is really one of a kind . The setting is during her high school and college years . A great detective she is . and she helps everyone who needs her help . The next season is coming out soon . and I definitely waiting for it . Thanks Veronica .
 i loved this show it was one of my favorites from the 2006-2007 season . season three i have to say is the best season of this show -LRB- thats not to say there not all good this one is just better -RRB- again i loved this . i will miss watching some of my favorite characters every week -LRB- logan , mac an wallace i will miss you all almost as much as veronica -RRB- never have i been so sad to see a show go as i was to see buffy the vampire slayer -LRB- favorite show ever -RRB- and this is a credit to the writes and actors of this show . so just to leave off if youve never watched this show buy the first season you wont be diisapointed and lastly dont buy into the taglines on the back of the dvds `` a little bit buffy , a little bit bogart and a dash of nancy drew '' veronica is more than that shes her own character and its amazing . see ya v !
 I am a little surprised at this grouping of negative reviews with one star . While some of these negative reviews have some valid points , like with having to operate with such a small budget - Rob Thomas did have to use only a few regulars at time to save money and there was only one moment that I agree that was a little awkward for a daughter to be joking with her dad about -LRB- it involves a scene where Veronica is giving her dad a hard time about putting on his old sheriff uniform - saying it look like he was going out to do a strip show for a party -RRB- but even this moment was n't that bad and the whole season was definitely not ruining the Keith/Veronica relationship with inappropriate moments . And I do agree that this season was different from the other two , I thought it had a little too much back-and-forth Logan and Veronica relationship drama and Piz & Parker were never really all that interesting additions to the cast . This did make me feel that this third season was not quite as good as the first two , I agree with an earlier reviewer that network interference seem to be at the heart of these bad changes to the VM formula -LRB- the season long mystery arc should of stayed in tack and it should of been `` The Castle '' -LRB- a mystery only introduced in the last two finale episodes -RRB- -RRB- . But in the end , these negative reviews are mostly over-the-top , exaggerated , and giving this season only one star - that 's seriously too harsh -LRB- I could be convinced of it being valid to give it 3 or 4 stars but since so many people have committed this atrocity of only giving it one star , I am whole-heartedly giving it 5 stars because I still enjoyed VM that much ! -RRB- . I love this show immensely and explaining why the first two seasons are so great has already been well covered , so I will skip that . This third season still had plenty of witty-dialogue and winning moments ! And for VM fans who did n't watch the last 2 episodes of this third season - you really missed out !! I think Rob Thomas finally fought to get the show back to his original vision and these last 2 episodes were absolutely great !!! I will end with this reviewer , Karla Peterson 's , nice summary of these last 2 episodes of the third season :[ ... -RSB- Considering that the only end that would please the Veronica faithful would be no end at all EVER , this ending was good enough for me because it came after nearly two hours of the stuff that has always made the show so special . There was great , snappy dialogue that managed to name-check Lionel Richie and Sylvia Plath . There were blazing acting fireworks from the entire cast . There was the jackass pi & ntilde ; ata . Best of all , there were the friends that have always been Veronica 's ace in the crime-fighting hole . There was bad-boy Weevil providing tire-jacking services ; brainy Mac with her computer skills and gal-pal advice ; and loyal Wallace being there no matter what . Freezing butt and all . Everybody was there doing what they do best , and our Veronica was doing her good-hearted , strong-willed best to show why she deserved them . Throw in that last , unbearably sweet father-daughter supper , and you had a finale that gave us plenty of comfort-TV when we needed it most .
 I watched this series when it was on tv and that waas why I wanted to buy it . It was fun and kind of suspenseful to know that a teenager can solve crimes/problems .
 Arrived when promised , in good condition . Fun to see how series ended , although bonus disc featured the Season 4 network pitch , now wish they REALLY had n't cancelled the show .
 Veronica Mars is one of my favorite shows ! So I was very pleased when I got it & it was in perfect condition ! thanks again , R.
 A great loss for the viewers . Unbelievable that they canceled that show , while other grapy shows continues to flicker over the tv screen into our homes . this was really one of the detective shows i have ever seen , a genre that i never cared much about lately untill i heard about Miss Mars and her wicked talents.And now we r back in the dark ages , too bad , but at least we had 3 seasons of fun , excitement , intelegent and twisted storries , crowned with convincing good actors.So what can i say about Season 3 of the Mars triology , its a must have for me and totaly fun to watch ... my advice , buy , u wont regrat it .
 I stayed up all night to finish up the season . The ending is a little abrupt and there 's a teaser for what would have been Season 4 . I 've read reviews that said that the third season was n't as interesting as Seasons 1 & 2 , but it was . It was a darker season with a lot more angst in Veronica 's private life , but part of that comes from having gotten to know the characters better . All in all , I 'm looking forward to watching the whole season again !
 Season 3 has it all , the mystery , twists , and comedy from the past two seasons . This season specifically boosted in comedy starting right at episode 1 . The only thing wrong with this season is that it is the last .
 I loved this show it was so great I ca n't believe it 's not on anymore . I ca n't wait for the movie . I recommend buying all three seasons if you do n't want to be lost when you see the movie .
 This is a good series , with good writing and an interesting group of characters . The resemblance to Buffy The Vampire Slayer is obvious , except Veronica has perceptive powers and a taser . Well worth watching .
 So as you can tell from the title I `` m a huge V. Mars fan . The main question is why are n't you ? Season 3 has more snappy comebacks , more edgy plot lines , and more adultish situations . By no means is Veronica a push over but there are situations where she is `` put in her place '' in a more adult sense than when she was in High School . All in all the third season is both more and less realistic . In both cases however it is totally awesome and in my opinion better than the first two seasons in the show has progressed to this point naturally . Someone should slap the faces of every WB exec who voted to cancel this show it was really beginning to come into it 's own . Anyone who liked the girl let cast of Buffy and other such shows should be watching Veronica Mars !
 To say that the second season of Veronica Mars was incredible would be an understatement . Who would 've thought that the first season 's two main mysteries would -- or could -- be topped . In essence , season two amped up everything we loved about the first season , in turn , making it even better than the first season . Not to mention the `` leave 'em hanging '' moments we were left with.Enter season three.Veronica and the gang are all in college . Ironically enough , the same college as well . BUT ! With the -LRB- unmissed -RRB- absence of Duncan , we get two new characters , and one that 's genuinely cool ! First , we have Piz . Piz is Wallace 's new roommate . He 's your music loving , Veronica crushing , radio DJ . Then we have Mac 's new roommate , Parker . Without delving too far into her character , things happen with her and she actually turns out to be a nice little addition to our circle.My main beef with the third season of Veronica Mars is that it 's lacking the season-long mysteries that the first two had . You could easily start watching any episode you wanted and you would n't be that lost for very long . Whereas if you were to do that with the previous seasons , you would be lost . I will give its due though , the few mysteries that do last for a while are enormously entertaining , just not as hard to figure out as before.The main mysteries ? 1 . Serial rapes .2 . A murder.Special mention to the season finale . I loved it , it was funny , engrossing , all the things that make every Veronica Mars finale great . With it being cancelled though , there 's some questions left up in the air . I was expecting a more final ending than what was given.As for the special features , they 're iffy . The season four preview was interesting , although I find myself a bit glad they did n't make it . The thing that kind of sucks is that the special features basically revolve around the creator , Rob Thomas . There 's no feature that has the cast talking about the show , their reaction to the show being cancelled , etc. . Aside from the season four preview , the only other feature worth watching is the gag reel.As negative as my review my come across , I still love Veronica Mars immensely . The witty dialogue we all love is still ever apparent , Veronica 's relationships remain interesting , the moments that make your jaw drop are still here , and the mysteries are still good . You ca n't complain to those facts at all . Plus , Paul Rudd 's hilarious guest spot is worth seeing alone . Overall , the third season is a great one and I 'm sure every Veronica Mars fan is sure to agree .
 This season ended really abruptly -LRB- 20 eps -RRB- . There is a preview of season 4 that takes place after she 's in th FBI . Good concept , but all previous characters have been washed , and there 's a awkward relationship from the start . I predict season 4 would have floped .
 This season , though with a slightly different suspense arch , was amazing . Veroinca is still as intriguing as ever . It took twists and turns throughout the season , leaving many waiting for the next episode . With the introduction of new characters , the new romantic triangle is a ca n't miss!Any Veronica Mars fan would love this DVD collection ... even though this means the end ... BEST SHOW TO EVER BE CANCELED !
 VERONICA MARS ROCKS , need i say more ? five stars does n't seem like enough . and this goes for every episode . i already own season one and two on dvd , and i just bought this one to watch b/c i had missed it on tv . i ca n't wait until season three is out . what morons at the cw decided this was n't a good enough show . i guess america must really be dumb if they think that beauty and the geek is better television than veronica mars . she 's just too smart for the target audience of the cw .
 -LRB- If you have not seen Season 3 of Veronica Mars and despise spoilers do n't read this review . -RRB- Veronica Mars Season Three begins with a new title sequence and a remixed title song . One of the things that has stayed true with Veronica Mars this season like season 1 and season 2 is the first episode they establish the characters and the big mystery of the season . However , unlike Lily Kane 's murder in season 1 and the bus explosion in season 2 there is more then one big mystery . There are three in fact . The first involving a series of rapes and buzz hair cuts to drugged women . The second the murder of the Dean of Hearst University Dean O'Dell and a minor big mystery of who captured on DV Tape Veronica screwing her boyfriend . One of the things I liked about this season is how much Kristen Bell grew as an actress and how much Veronica grew as a character . Veronica soon realizes thanks to the Lilith House a group of feminists of greek house haters that the greeks might be all the things she totally opposes ; that does n't give the women of Lilith house the right to witch hunt an entire group . One thing I find interesting is the almost lack of mention of The Kane family . Neither Duncan nor Lily are hardly mentioned in season 3 although in the series ' finale -LRB- which to me did n't seem like much of a series finale because Rob Thomas the creator of the series did n't know if ThE CW dump was going to cancel his series or not . -RRB- we see a robe wearing Jake Kane who truly looks like Apple founder and CEO Steve Jobs complete with facial hair ; who I can only assume has broken up with his harlet wife Chelste and lives alone with his man servant Kane Software head sercurity guard Clarence Wiedman . Jake looks like a man who has lost everything and has a reason to think that . With the murder of his daughter and not knowing where his son Duncan is after the events of his disappering in season two with his daughter . The season had some strong episodes even if a lot of them were filler episodes . The one thing I had a problem I had with this season is like I said the last episode . You get the feeling Veronica will be all right and where she and her father stand and her relationship with Logan Echolls and that she 'll be all right . However story lines are wide open and the audience does n't know what will happen with Veronica and her friends and family . I guess that is up for fan fiction websites and disccussion groups online to hash out . I still think with the promotion and timing Veronica Mars would have been as heralded as Buffy The Vampire Slayer not just by critics but by more people . I still think Kristen Bell would not have gotten the slot onAmazon.com Exclusive
 The only bad thing about this is how short the season was . Why oh Why did they cancell this show !?
 This season of veronica mars was soooo goood!as per usual you see kristen bell as our teenage detective , solving a mystery an episode , but there is also the mystery that runs through the entire show , but unusually the mystery that runs through the show changes once or twice.This show is great !!
 I am so glad that I purchased this DVD . It is such a good show . It 's funny , sad , and suspensful . I used to watch the show on tv , but not on a regular basis.I would definitely recommend buying this .
 It was ... ok . TV always has that problem where the beginning of the show is fantastic but anything after that , not so much . That 's exactly the case with Veronica Mars Season 3 . I mean its still worth watching , maybe just once though .
 Seasons 1 and 2 both have an underlying thread throughout the entire season , where as season 3 had two or three such threads . When I first saw this season on TV , I remember thinking this was the one thing that let it down.However , rewatching it on DVD , I just did n't get that feeling this time round . Maybe because as I watched Veronica , her father , her friends and the cool cases she always worked on , I knew this would be the last of VM . CW really blew it cancelling VM and I 'm glad I now have all three seasons on DVD.But it would be nice to know what happened to her after season three .
 They could revive the magic of the first season with proud , elevating the level of the dialogs . The drama 's are more mature . The investigation , more realistic . The acting , superb . When you can make these items be together in such a nice way , there 's a fantastic story . Too bad that it got cancelled , but I 'm proud to be able to have these pieces of art , which surely can not be replaced .
 A must have on your collection , great to share at home with friends/familly , great for a gift ... read my review on the second season .
 Smart , sexy and sarcastic , what more could you want . Season three sees Veronica at Hearst College with love trouble , the Dean 's `` suicide '' , militant feminists , and a serial rapist roaming campus . The script is witty and fast paced with classic one liners . The cast are fabulous , with some new faces introduced . This is a great series with clever plots and a schoolgirl detective who kicks Nancy Drew 's butt . Veronica Mars , my hero .
 I enjoyed the third season of `` Veronica Mars '' . The new college setting added freshness to an already energetic series , and the mix of storylines - some long , some short - kept things unpredictable . This time we get a couple of long storylines , one or two shorter ones , and a bunch of stand-alone episodes . Things worked fine on this score , except for maybe the couple of episodes where the dean-getting-murdered storyline overlapped with the coach-getting-murdered storyline
 The CW cancelled this show , and i was so pissed off because this show is smart and amazing.In this season Veronica goes to college and you get to see new characters including Piz played by Chris Lowell and Parker played by Julie Gonzalo.Also in this season Veronica solves the on-campus rapes that began in season two.This might not be the best season but it worth watching all episodes!So if you wonder if you should but this product , do n't wonder anymore just buy it.You wo n't be Disappointed . -LRB-
 Warning ! Spoilers littered throughout this review!Note
 This show is truely amazing . I 'm so bummed that it was canclled ! Anyway , the third season of Veronica Mars picks up after the suicide of Cassidy Casablancas , when Veronica and the gang head off to college . The thing is , in the second season , there is no mention of what college anyone is going to except Wallice , who was going to Hearst College . All in all , it 's a great show , and you wo n't be dissapointed !
 I guess I should n't be surprised that a show this smart and original can not survive in a society that considers so-called reality television entertainment . That said , I 'm greatly saddened by its passing.Though season three is not as good as the previous two seasons , it is still hands down the best show on television -- and well worth the purchase.Watch all three seasons of Veronica Mars -- you will not be disappointed !
 LOVE IT ! However I wish they showed more of what happened in the summer between Logan & Veronica . They just skipped all that and picked up on when they are already in college . But they could have done a flashback as they did in season 1 . OVERALL - Still fabulous .
 i love the veronica mars series . i wish there was more to it . it was one of the best series made . you ca n't go wrong watching it . season three was beyond my imagation .
 The final season of Veronica Mars . It should have continued . Though not as good as seasons 1 and 2 , this season debuted a more mature Veronica , in college and dealing with more than the usual high school mischief . One major story arc seems to finish too soon and somewhat unsatisfyingly and the relationship drama seems forced . But overall , some good episodes and still enjoyable .
 I dunno why , but I really loved this show . I recently saw some re-reuns on Soap.net and had to re-watch the entire show . I 've never seen the season 4 pitch before -LRB- an extra bonus on this set -RRB- and I 'm sad it never made it there .
 I NEED this show to come back ! You wont be disappointed ! Best 3 days of my life obsessing over this short series . The only horrible thing is they leave you hanging . I ca n't handle that !
 Really enjoyed watching this series . Liked the way there was a plot woven through all the episodes and guessing at the `` who dunit '' .
 While I agree with many that Season 3 was less strong than Seasons 1 and 2 , and might rate it a 4.5 against solid 5s for those seasons , I definitely still rate this DVD as a 5 star in the broader scheme of television series.The writing is excellent and the acting top notch and the mysteries , while not as fabulous as the season long arcs in the first two seasons , are still engaging and compelling with some great characters and mysteries of the week along the way.Rob Thomas provides a whole lot of commentary , which makes for many , many interesting insights . The EXTRAs are smart and entertaining in their own right . Watching the Season 4 pitch and looking at so many of the procedurals that do get aired makes me sad that this one could not get picked up somewhere.Still and all , I am grateful for all the Veronica Mars that DOES exist . I have watched and rewatched all three seasons of Veronica Mars and I thoroughly enjoyed the dialogue and wit and interactions of the Neptune crew in all three of them , this last college season included . -LRB- I most emphatically do NOT agree that they should have stopped at high school graduation -RRB- . Veronica Mars remains a strong and smart character . She has trust issues and she makes mistakes . I did not find her to be unduly mean in this season . Flawed and , at times , humbled , but not a `` mean girl '' . Logan could be a bit mopey and emo at times , but , really , for such a coddled rich boy to be in his first year out of high school , floundering a bit does not seem unrealistic . And there were still flashes of his strength , vulnerability , wit , and passionate personality . I think that perhaps for budgetary reasons , many of the other cast members were cut back in their appearances , and their presence was missed . Veronica 's relationship with her dad remains the heart of the show and continues to be wonderful.I came to really like the new characters and thought Veronica and Parker in particular had really great friend chemistry as the season got rolling . SPOILER ALERT : I think it would have been more fun to build on their friendship than throw Parker and Logan together . Piz had the unenviable and perhaps Herculean task of winning over viewers as a Veronica love interest more compelling than Logan . Much like Parker , he was a more engaging and intersting character when not encumbered with the love triangle storyline and able to just be a friend in the mix . It might have been fun to see a Piz and Logan friendship emerge rather than a Piz and Veronica romance.END SPOILERFor me , this DVD has been worth every penny and is one that stands up to repeated viewings . The wit and humor still make me smile and this show forever remains a favorite for me .
 This was a great season to watch . Really wish they would n't have cancelled the show . Seems they always get rid of the good ones for more `` reality '' shows ... . who do we petition to bring back Veronica Mars ??
 I love this series , and wish that it would have gone on past 3 seasons ! I 'm glad to own it so that I can revisit it whenever I want .
 My mom and I recently watched all three seasons of Veronica Mars and we loved it . We were disappointed that the show did n't continue . I was purchasing some books and was looking for something that would push me to the $ 25 mark so I could get the free shipping . This series stood out because of all the very positive reviews that it received . I had never watched the show when it was on TV . It was a great choice . We watched the first season in a week and quickly purchased the other two . Definitely recommend this series and ca n't complain about the prices .
 CA N'T believe this show got cancelled . Great acting , great story line , sexy , funny and interesting . This show was the best show out there and i love love love love rewatching episodes , veronica and logan are amazing together , great show , great season -LRB- minus the ending -RRB-
 As much as I love Veronica Mars , I was rather disappointed in the way the series ended . I want to know what happens with Veronica and Logan , or how bad the Sheriff 's election was . These questions were never answered . I did , however , enjoy the season 4 preview . Too bad the season never aired .
 `` Veronica Mars '' is one of the best written shows I 've ever watched ! Kristen Bell is a delight to watch and the dialogue is original and witty . If you love detective shows , and the most adorable blonde , pixie-esque actress on television , you 'll love this show !
 I found this final season of the Veronica Mars series to be highly entertaining . The package and DVDs arrived in excellent condition and the shows both touched and amused me . It was awesome to watch the special features disk and see the 4th season that never came to pass , as well as a gag reel and interviews from the actors and crew . This series should have been able to stay on the air - fortunately , thanks to DVDs , we can watch them whenever we like .
 If you want to watch a well written series with a fantasic cast - look no further . This show will have you hooked . And unlike some other shows , you do find out who the bad guys are , although there are a lot of red herrings.The dvds are in great condition . Were delivered quickly . I am very excited to be adding this fabulous tv series to my collection . Thanks for the great service .
 Great service from Amazon , this product arrived in great shape after about a week of shipping via USPS to my FPO address . What a shame this series was cancelled . The characters , dialogue , and story arcs were even better than I remembered . I also liked the college setting better than high school , especially using the characters from the criminology class . I was disappointed that `` Weevil 's '' character has been emasculated so badly this season . Overall , very pleased with the product . Be careful though when watching . It took me about 6 episodes to realize that when I skipped ahead through the opening credits that I was skipping about 10 minutes of the episode as well ! Better to use fast forward than skip the whole scene as I was doing initially .
 - Veronica -LRB- investigating Piz 's car , from which his moving-in stuff had been stolen -RRB-
 This is one of tv 's best shows ! I am very srry that it was cancelled ! I hope the cw brings it back ! I would recomend this show to anyone who likes drama and mystery !
 This was purchased as a Christmas gift for my daughter , who already owned seasons 1 & 2 . She was thrilled to receive this and complete her collection .
 The third season of Veronica Mars blew my mind . There is this whole other world of crime fighter for Veronica in college . Everything is so much more intense , it 's not just high school and your local community anymore . Veronica has so much growing up to do , we forget that she 's just a regular teenager like everyone else . -LRB- Even if she wo n't want to admit it to herself -RRB- And on the other hand there 's her work , and her future she 's aiming for . Although this is the last season of the great show , it 's a 5-star for me . There 's just so much flavor in this show . I personally do n't like shows like ; CSI or any of those other p.i shows it 's annoying , but not Veronica Mars . It snared me and I wish that is did do a long run . It had great potential .
 I love the Veronica Mars series and the 3rd season was their last season and it did end abruptly without knowing who is with who , but in all honesty I just ca n't get enough of her crazy ways mixed with boy drama and detective work . My female hero :P Hahahah
 Found complete season 2 first and had to have one and then three . Lots happening . Lots of drama and twists . Like Veronica as a person and makes it more believable . VERY disappointed that there was not a season 4 . I was ready .
 Everyone in my family loves it , absolutely 5 stars overal . Very entertainning and well written . When can we see season 4 , hm ??
 i was extremely happy with the playback quality of this dvd set . there have been times were recent purchases have skipped or had other issues ... . this was exactly what i had hoped it would be
 The Veronica Mars series is great . My teenage daughter , granddaughter and I love to watch it together . It 's a shame they cancelled the show after the 3rd season . We want more !
 My sister introduced me to the Veronica Mars series since I did n't see it when it was still running on television . I was skeptical at first -LRB- another high school soap opera ? -RRB- but was quickly hooked ! Kristen Bell and the supporting staff are fantastic , the characters are interesting and engaging , the storylines are very nicely plotted , and there are enough `` twists and turns '' to keep you guessing ! I 'm only disappointed that there were only three seasons ! I have all three seasons and have enjoyed rewatching them when I ca n't find anything worthwhile on network television ... which is often . You ca n't go wrong with this series if you like a good drama with an excellent cast of actors and actresses .
 The third and final season of Veronica Mars is still really good television . While some might say that it was n't that great i would agree that the show changed and had low moments in season three . But even at it 's lowest Veronica Mars is still ten times better than anything on television these days.The season picks up with Veronica attending Hearst college and settling in with boyfriend Logan . Most of out favorite characters from Neptune high also now go to Hearst including Wallace , Mac and Dick . Along with some new character Mac 's pretty party girl roommate Parker and Wallace 's funny rocker roommate Piz who takes in interest in Veronica very early on . The structure of season is a little different than it 's predecessors . Instead of the season-long mystery arc that they did in seasons one and two . Season three takes a different approach with a mystery revoling around a serial rapist at Hearst countinuing on from the season two episode `` The Rapes of Graff '' which takes up the first 9 episodes of the season . The conclusion of the rape brings on a murder of a prominent member of the Hearst faculty which lasts 6 episodes and the final five episodes consist of stand - alone mysteries . While the change in structure while not the best , the stories are still entertaining and engaging . If you do n't think the season was that good the final fives episodes redeem any wrong doing including the final two episodes of the series which were season one quality . Relationships change and grow and people change as they continue to grow up but Veronica remains a butt kicking awesome detective . I recommend the final season of this unfortunately short lived series they was gone way too soon you wo n't regret it
 While this season is somewhat uneven and not quite on par with the first season of Veronica Mars it is still significantly better than many of its contemporaries . Though I suspect you already know that if you are looking into purchasing the 3rd season .
 Veronica Mars is the best show on air ! Well that WAS on air . . but do n't worry ! We crazy Veronica Mars fans will bring it back ! Bars for Mars!Veronica Mars . . She 's a marshmallow . .
 An excerpt from Newton Minnow 's Vast Wasteland Speech to the National Association of Broadcasters on May 9 , 1961 : `` When television is good , nothing -- not the theater , not the magazines or newspapers -- nothing is better.But when television is bad , nothing is worse . I invite you to sit down in front of your television set when your station goes on the air and stay there without a book , magazine , newspaper , profit and-loss sheet or rating book to distract you -- and keep your eyes glued to that set until the station signs off . I can assure you that you will observe a vast wasteland.You will see a procession of game shows , violence , audience-participation shows , formula comedies about totally unbelievable families , blood and thunder , mayhem , violence , sadism , murder , western badmen , western good men , private eyes , gangsters , more violence and cartoons . And , endlessly , commercials -- many screaming , cajoling and offending . And most of all , boredom . True , you will see a few things you will enjoy . But they will be very , very few . And if you think I exaggerate , try it . ... Why is so much of television so bad ? I have heard many answers
 well , unsurprisingly , some of the best shows are not returning next season . we expected gilmore girls to go , it has about run its course . but , veronica mars has been cut down in her prime , sadly . admittedly , the third season was not as excellent as the first two , but it was still a smartly written , provocative show . some of the urgency was gone , due to the fact that there was no season long mystery as in the previous seasons . that being said , it was still probably the best show that aired last year . i think the closer , with kyra sedgewick , ranks a close second . i was quite irritated that there was no closure in the end of season 3 . we -LRB- the fans -RRB- at least deserve a veronica mars movie that will give us some closure as far as veronica 's and keith 's future . or maybe a book to finish up the story -LRB- are you listening rob thomas ? -RRB- .
 There 's a reason why Season 3 is so different ... it 's the CW 's fault . They dumbed it down for their target demographic -LRB- full of girls who are too busy gossiping about the latest episode of Laguna Beach -RRB- And now they cancelled it.This show was too good for The CW . It really should 've been on another network + more advertising . It 's still a great show though , Kristen Bell puts her heart & soul into every scene .
 I love Veronica Mars . I do n't use past tense here because even thought he show has been cancelled , I still love it . I still watch the first two seasons on DVD and have kept a few of the Season 3 episodes on my TIVO.That being said , Season Three had its ups and downs . Kind-of like Season 4 of Buffy , taking VM out of High School and into college came with his great moments and it 's failures . There were some brilliant episodes , some just plain amazing , and some that were just okay -LRB- But an okay episode of VM is still 10 times better than most of the crap on TV -RRB- ! I feel that if the CW had let Rob Thomas do his thing , we would have gotten a stronger season . And maybe a 4th . Season Three was great VM . The season as a whole was n't the strongest -LRB- most would say 1 still is but I argue for 2 - loved the whole year-long story arc -RRB- as the others but still it was pure Veronica Mars.I 'm going to miss Veronica Mars but I still very much love the show !
 Season Three of `` Veronica Mars '' is often panned by critics and fans alike . I start my review on that note not because I plan to dispel claims of a decrease in quality -LRB- creator Rob Thomas addresses these issues on the special features without dismissing them -RRB- but to let the fans of `` Veronica Mars '' know that they have absolutely nothing to worry about . This is classic V. Mars.Veronica Mars , a show very centered on the high school setting , easily survives something that has killed countless shows
 Many people seem to have been let down by Veronica Mars ' 3rd Season . I must report -- I am not one of them . Instead , I found this season to be just as strong as the two before it , and possibly stronger overall than the 2nd . In the 3rd Season , Mars makes the jump to college that so many high school shows ultimately do . It 's always hard on a show , to make that large-scale transition , but this one pulls it off pretty well . Yes , it 's true -- some characters get less time in the spotlight -LRB- like , understandably , Weevil -RRB- , but that does n't mean that characterization suddenly weakens in the show . Instead , we meet some new characters , and get a deeper glimpse into one or two -LRB- like , finally , Dick -RRB- . Moreover , Veronica Mars , by its nature , is a constantly evolving show . The first season revolved around mysteries and conflicts that were all essentially resolved by the season finale . By this point in the series , we 're far from what gave the show its initial identity -- Veronica is n't as much of an outcast anymore ; her romantic situation is far different ; her parental situation has changed , having resolved the situation with her mother ; she understands what were once question-marks about her past ; High School has ended . Characters we 've known and loved have died , or gone to jail , and others have taken their places in one way or another . In short , it makes sense to me that there are people who bought into the show in Season One , who can not hang tight through Season Three , because they 're fairly different experiences . If someone just absolutely loved Duncan , and watched the show for him -LRB- and there must have been some -RRB- ... well ... they 'd be disappointed . But what does not change are good characters , tight plots , smooth writing , and excellent acting , and these are what keep me happy with the show all the way through to its too-soon final minutes.The smaller plot-arcs this season employs , instead of the marathon sessions of the first two , are well done and each satisfying . Those who say that the show 's final episodes are all stand-alone , this is only partially true . While there is n't the over-arching mystery for Veronica to solve over the last few episodes , there are running arcs that tie events together , like the upcoming Sheriff 's election , and of course the constantly dissolving/re-forming relationship dynamics.The last -LRB- and sadly final -RRB- episode is powerful and gripping , and makes any good fan clamor for a continuation , which was , perhaps , the point.All in all , and even if I never get my final resolution , I 'm happy with the show and grateful for the entertainment it 's provided over three stellar seasons . Season Three is no drop-off in quality from its predecessors , and only hurts me in its sudden finality.Excellent show . Excellent season . Five stars .
 This was the best series on TV and watching the trailer for season 4 that was rejected breaks my heart . What a cool show it would 've been having Veronica as an FBI agent . While its hard to top the 1st season 's perfection , season 3 was great . Veronica will live on in my repeated viewings of my 3 season dvd collection !
 For all the VM fans out there , it is very bittersweet to watch the -LRB- extensive -RRB- bonus materials included in the VM season 3 dvd . There is a season 4 pitch -LRB- about 10-15 mins -RRB- , but it was just enough to get me salivating for more . Then I realized the CW is a bunch of morons and there will be no more.Anyway , for VM first-timers - you will enjoy this DVD , but , I highly recommend picking up seasons 1 & 2 first . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Loved this show , wish they had n't been dumb and cancelled it after 3 seasons . The show had major potential .
 I had never seen this Series until the Third Season . That being said , I was glued to my set every Tuesday hoping , praying for a new episode . The quick dialogue , quirky personalities and overall fun attitudes , even in the heart of a mystery , made and make this series so great.Now , after this show 's been cancelled , I 've bought all of the Seasons and while the Third Season is a little off kilter it still is an great Season and something I can put in and watch time and time again .
 I think that this is a totally awesome season . My favourite out of the 3 !
 The 3rd season gave a new twist to the other seasons.My only regret is that they didnt do 4th season Veronica in the FBI would have rocked .
 the 1st and 2nd season were EXCELLENT.the 3rd season is VERY GOOD , I 'm just sorry there are no more
 The first and second seasons of Veronica Mars are beyond compare good . The third season , while still worth the watching , is not as wonderful . This is due to the fact that the shows new network for the third season made them get rid of their whole season mystery story arc and instead do two little story arcs and then for the last few episodes , no story arc or climax at all . Kristen Bell , and the other cast members are still superb , the dialoge witty , the characterization amazing , it 's only the stories that do n't live up . Oh how I 'll miss this show -LRB- and Everwood -RRB- . How can such good television get canceled when crap like One Tree Hill continues to air ?
 One of the latest critically-acclaimed , but rarely watched -LRB- and thusly canceled -RRB- , shows . Original , gripping , intelligent , and persnickety , Veronica Mars is part noir , part teen drama , and completely awesome . Although the third season is n't quite as good as the first two seasons , this is still a must have for any Veronica Mars fan . The DVDs from Amazon came in perfect condition . They also have a handy play-all feature , which is probably the bane of my parents ' existence , as it 's quite easy to intend to watch one episode and then realize it 's been four hours since you started ...
 It was a tragedy when Veronica Mars was cancelled by the CW last year . During it 's brief 3 year run it was one of the best written , well-acted , plot coordinated shows ever . I have to admit that while season three was running I thought the quality had diminished a little . But watching the whole season 's episodes consecutively in a short span of time has changed my mind . There is a wealth of new characters introduced that one does n't appreciate unless watching the episodes in a short time frame.Among the extra features are
 It 's Buffy meets Raymond Chandler - well written , fast paced , well acted and funny.Why the show was cancelled is a mystery.Probably the weakest of the three seasons , yet still must see entertainment .
 With the network switch I missed the 3d season entirely , and now that I 've got the DVDs I 'm feeling the pain of the midseason cancellation .
 I never watched the show before this season . Turthfully I did n't know what it was about . Then it was aired after my favorite show Gilmore Girls and I was hocked . I thought the show was witty and reminded me a lot of my old favorite , BUFFY !! This season was the reason I went out to buy the first two seasons . Now only if there were a season 4 that would make my day !
 A smart well written show and I loved Season Three . I wish they would bring the show back !!
 I am buying this season the day it comes out . I got my husband addicted to the first two seasons , and I ca n't wait to show him the third . Then we can watch together when VM gets a fourth season ! If you have n't seen this show , you should really check it out
 This show is fresh and smart and always had clever idea for new cases and stories yet it was canceled ?? When Smallville which is sorta just dragging on these days is going on to it 's 7th season . But hey at least that 's way better than 7th Heaven which at least is n't coming back . Why ca n't the CW bring back Veronica if they could bring back the lame 7th Heaven after canceling it . I got into Veronica Mars the most this season , so it really bugs me that it got canceled . Hell I think everything was canceled but Smallville and Supernatural , so why would they have to cut this show too ? It was actually good even if Veronica could act just a little too much like an overly goofy version of Buffy . It was still a really good unpredictable teen detective show and beats a lot of the crap shows that actually were n't canceled this year !
 I was a bit sceptical going to a theater to watch `` TCM
 First of all , anything that came after the 1974 classic should not fall into immediate comparison . I hate it when these Internet critics take the remake , the sequels or this recent endeavor of the ` Chainsaw ' franchise and line it up toe-to-toe with Tobe Hooper 's masterpiece . It ca n't be done.Having gotten that out of the way , I 'll admit that I loved ` The Beginning ' a lot more than the remake it is preceding . Afterall , everything they wanted to do in the remake is on full display here , and I can only point out one useless homage to the original that was probably intended for the remake itself -LRB- the heroine launching herself through a glass window to evade her maniacal captors -RRB- . Aside from that , there is nothing about this film that I did n't like . In an hour and twenty minutes ' time , I was put through the wringer and actually had to wipe my sweaty palms on the seat a few times because I was so caught up in the mayhem that unfolded , however unapologetically , in front of my eyes . Coming from me , that 's a major compliment to how tense this particular installment was . ` The Beginning ' takes place a few years before the remake -LRB- I would say the original but this revisits the Hewitt family , not the Sawyer family -RRB- and for a series of movies that are infamous for portraying scream queens falling under the clutches of a chainsaw-wielding maniac , this particular movie wears a lot of ambitions on its sleeve , especially when it comes to examining the psychological and situational underpinnings of this family 's sick behavior . Depending on your stomach , you will either grow to understand Leatherface 's actions or even pity him altogether . ` The Beginning ' elevates Leatherface -LRB- Thomas Hewitt -RRB- from mere slasher status to a tragic character of , dare I say it , Greek proportions . In the longrun , he is just an accessory to another man 's warped perception of the Darwin theory . There is a social-political subplot involved but unfortunately it does n't quite live up to its potential because it disappears by the end of the second act . Needless to say , there is a plausible explanation wedged behind the cannibalism element , and it has to do with the horrors of war -LRB- though it is a past war -RRB- . Again , this would have been great fodder for exploration , but it 's quickly tucked away.One other thing that makes ` The Beginning ' better than the remake is how far it actually goes while still remaining true to implied violence . While the bodycount does n't go beyond the bodycount from the first film , our unfortunate protagonists are subjected to elongated torture sequences and far more gruesome deaths this time around . Plasma galore . Whereas the remake was a striptease , you get to see a bit more than you would expect -LRB- which brings me to wonder what they cut from the final print that was worse ; there 's an additional 17 minutes of material that would have given this an NC-17 rating -RRB- . However , it was n't the violence that intrigued me but rather the backstory hiding beneath the action . Trust me , the story and the violence go hand-in-hand , so you ca n't strip away one layer without having to sacrifice the other.To sum it all up , I was truly satisfied with this film . I do n't know where they can go beyond this point without becoming redundant , but I am not afraid to say that this is an excellent prequel and I would pay to see it again . In fact , I will pay to see it again very soon . Devan out .
 Well , it 's a generic horror film , of course . However , I was pleasantly surprised at how unpredictable the plot is . It does n't follow that sort of formula where it 's obvious what 's going to happen and who 's going to die . The flow of events is actually quite dynamic and interesting . This makes the movie much better than one might expect .
 This Blu-ray release is imported from Canada and is a Region 1 release so it will play fine on all North American Blu-ray players . The downside is the movie is in 1080i and not 1080p . Dts hd master audio sound is great . But no special features . No U.S. release date yet .
 PLOT
 This brutal , harrowing film is so far removed from PG-13 retreads of tepid Japanese ghost stories that it might as well come from another planet . This movie is not tailored to make 12 year old girls shriek and then giggle for twenty minutes . It is designed to grab you by the throat , expose you to shocking brutality , and deliver a glimpse at unbridled madness that will stay with you long after you vacate the theatre . This baby is not for the squeamish ; it wishes to manhandle the viewer as it puts him/her through the wringer of uncompromising , hardcore horror.The creep factor is high as you spend some time with the denizens of this hell-house in Texas . This creepy , off-kilter tone sometimes reminds you of -LSB- dare I say it ? -RSB- the original Tobe Hooper masterpiece . Of course , the original can never be equalled , but this film does do its job , which is to creep you out and gross you out , very well indeed . It stands tall alongside Leatherface -LSB- TCM 3 -RSB- as well as the 2003 shocker . In some ways it is more extreme than the '03 remake , which I also enjoyed quite a bit . If you were able to cope with that one , I think you will dig this one as well . Your visit to the Hewitt home will scare the wits out of you but is n't that what you came for?I continue to be somewhat amused by those viewers who find films like this to be an indication of sickness and depravity in those who go to see them . Do they include themselves ? One has to wonder what they were expecting when they wandered into a film called Texas Chainsaw Massacre
 Let me start off by saying that I have seen a many number of horror films over the last 8 years . When I mean many , I mean I have seen about 70 % of all the horror movies made over the last 8 years . So when Texas Chainsaw Massacre The Beginning came out , I went and saw it in the movie theatre . AFTER ABOUT 10 MINUTES INTO THIS FILM , I COULD EASLY SAY THIS MOVIE IS NOT FOR EVERYONE.The people who made this film accomplished a very rare thing . THEY MANAGED TO CREATE THE MOST BRUTAL , GORY , RAW , AND VIOLENT FILM I HAVE EVER SEEN ! There are probably some people who ca n't even sit through watching a film this violent . All of the camera , music , and photography work are nothing short of perfect when it comes to shooting violence and brutality . I really have never seen anything like it in all of my life . All of the violence seems to just jump right out at you while you 're watching this film . EVERY SCENE THAT INVOLVES VIOLENCE IS SET UP TO BE HEARD AND SAW UP CLOSE AND PERSONAL.I 'm not saying this is a great horror movie because after seeing it I realized there can be too much violence and pain in a horror movie . Nowadays is n't that what some fans want though ? Do n't some fans want to be totally shocked and scared the hell out of when they watch a film ? That is why I give this film 5 stars because it manages to show you the most violence and brutality that a horror film can have to offer at this point in time .
 I did n't see the R rated version at the theatres but saw the Unrated DVD version . The R version is 84 mins . and the Uncut is 89 mins . This is a really good horror movie . The prequel is like the The Hills Have Eyes -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , House Of 1,000 corpses , Wolf Creek , High Tension times 10 . This movie is brutal , gritty , disturbing , shocking , and very gory . This is n't some glossy and glamorized horrror movie like the 2003 remake . This prequel is far superior . This movie is n't scary but very tense and hard to watch because of the gritty death scenes , especially the blond girl who gets her throat slashed at the dinner table and the guy who was chainsawed in the stomach and then his face slashed off . This is like a NC-17 horror violent movie . The prequel does have flaws like the sheriff who really is n't a sherrif . How did he pretend to be a sheriff from 1969 to 1973 w/o anyone finding out ? Kids and especially little girls should stay away from the Unrated version .
 The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
 Great prequel that shows the birth of one of Horror films greatest monsters , Leatherface . They need to make more movies like this , lets hope we see another angle on the Texas Chainsaw Massacre series soon , the unrated DVD also has wonderful special features and the unrated sticker you know what that means , more gore . Great suspense , great scares , and Best gore effects Ive seen in years , awesome job . Do n't let childish or inaccurate reviewers ranting about this movie is for sadists deter you from enjoying this masterpiece .10 / 10
 My friend got this flick `` the beginning '' one night as rental , Brought it to my place to watch it together , Such I love `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre regional & remake in 2003 '' , Thought might be the same old story . But WOW , this is was over the TOP , blood scare & gore with crazy insane violent !! . . Real liked it alot . . I think `` the beginning '' broke the entire limit and went over the TOP ! . Real good & better an 2003 remake . As more understanding the story , scare and gore . PLUS Sound effect & special effects is TOP NOTCH !!! With 6.1 DTS audio WOW !! Everyone made this movie done the hell of the job & thank you to u ALLl !!! `` R.LEE ERMEY ' as `` Sheriff Hoyt '' he steal the show with his solid work & Acting ! . Next day I just bought this DVD , because I have to add this masterpiece to my DVD collection . Do n't miss this for SURE !! B +
 I watched this movie yesterday . For the people that said there was no gore , you must have watched a totally different movie . This was , by far , the most grotesque movie I have ever watched . The remake was the one that really did n't show anything , definately not the prequel . * Spoiler Warning * Did you see the part where Leatherface beat that old man 's leg completely off ? After that , did you notice that he did n't let him suffer . He went ahead and smashed his face in . It showed every bit of this . I 'm not going into detail with anymore scenes , but there are dozens just as bad as this . This movie goes into a more indirect approach to show how the characters of the remake actually get the way they are in that movie . Just take the uncle for example . If you want to know why he was is in a wheelchair , watch this movie . I gave five stars because it was very entertaining .
 I loved this movie ! I saw it when it was released , and I was so excited . I loved the remake of the original -LRB- and I love the original -RRB- , but this one blew them both away . I was so happy to see buckets of blood and gore in this movie . Newer movies are too wimpy to show much gore , but this masterpiece is not . I loved the idea of a whole backstory of Leatherface and his family . I also loved when the actual sheriff dies , and the guy says something like `` I just killed the whole damn police force . '' I just loved this movie so much . Every time that chainsaw buzzed , it was like I got a hug from Jesus ! I somewhat guessed the ending before I saw it . I just put two and two together . In this movie , Leatherface and his family are basically the main characters . I hope everyone enjoys this movie as much as I did !
 Be very careful when reading some of the reviews posted here , some of which give away important plot points for this movie ! I really liked `` TCM
 I AM A HUGE FAN OF ALL THE CHAINSAW MOVIES . 2 AND 3 WERE BAD BUT THE REMAKE IN 2003 WAS GREAT . THIS MOVIE BLEW THEM ALL AWAY . THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST OF THEM ALL . I WAS ON THE EDGE OF MY SEAT THE WHOLE TIME . THIS IS ALSO THE GORRIEST OF ALL MOVIES . I CA N'T THINK OF ANOTHER MOVIE THAT HAD THIS MUCH GORE . THIS RANKS AS NUMBER 1 HORROR MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN .
 in thismovie they take you back on how leatherface became who he is now today . thats why i like this movie so much because it needed to be told . but after this i hope they do n't make another before they ruin it .
 When it came to the remake , i thought it was kind of bland but still scary and enjoyable . This prequel is something else ! i watched it-like-45 times ! All i can say is i seriously loved this!foward -
 After `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre-2003 '' became a huge boxoffice hit it was only natural for the studio to produce this amazing prequel . This film -LRB- taking place before 1974 -RRB- is about the making of a killer in which a small baby is found by the demented Hewitt family in rural Texas . Their sick upbringing of this child would lead him to become known as Leatherface , who would embark on a series of killings and a love affair of chainsaws . R. Lee Ermey and many from the 2003 remake are brought back to portray the sick Hewitt clan . This film has also become a boxoffice hit , although nowhere near as big as the 2003 version.The DVD features deleted scenes , audio commentary , and more .
 I 'd heard all the negative reviews , but figured
 This is probably the only horror movie in the last 25 years that really made me want to look away from the screen . Since that 's exactly what you 're looking for in this type of film , I 'd say this one really delivers the goods . It 's vastly superior , IMO , to all of the previous installments in the series , including the original , which only hinted at what this one makes us experience . The performances are , without exception , outstanding . Of course , R. Lee Ermey gives his typically brilliant performance , but everyone else is believable and real as well . There 's something very cathartic about getting your pulse up during an over-the-top horror film ; maybe it 's one way of dealing with the ultimate truth of our mortality and deepest fears . If you like extreme horror , you need to see this movie . It will stay with you long after the final credits .
 I love prequels because you get to see how it all started ! This is an awesome prequel because you see how Leatherface was born , you see how he gets his chainsaw , how he started wearing other people 's faces , and more . I love the gore scenes . Two brothers , Eric and Dean are going to fight in the Vietnam war , but Dean is reluctant and wants to stay with his smokin ' hot girlfriend . They run into trouble with Sheriff Hoyt and must deal with Leatherface ! If you love prequels , horror , gore , and Leatherface , you 'll love THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE
 This is how it all began . I liked the first film and thought that if they did do another then it could not get any bloodier . I was wrong . this one is scarier and bloodier and i loved every minute of it .
 To me , I know I like a movie when it stays in my head . This movie did just that for several days . It made me jump through the whole thing and I just wan na say unless your baby or mama is in `` that house '' do NOT go in when you are already out !
 Look , I realize people do n't usually like remakes and always find ways to search for things that were remade in a bad way , and so on and so forth . I ca n't find any problem with this movie , and thought it was very entertaining because it was totally bloody and violent without letting up and giving you time to catch your breath . Sure , it was far fetched as well , but I ca n't fault that since what 's most important is how much entertainment I got out of it.Oh yeah , and there 's some really surprising twists that I never seen coming , such as the final 10 minutes . Wow , what an ending ! As far as blood and violence are concerned , this movie had more of that than any other movie that comes to my mind right now . It was truly violent from beginning to end while making sense the entire time . Job well done .
 Following up on the surprsingly somewhat successful Texas Chainsaw Massacre remake starring Jessica Biel , The Beginning is a prequal to that movie , made to show us how it all came to be . While there are elements of how Leatherface and the rest of the family got so crazy , this is more of a continuation of the prior film , again taking a group of teenagers and placing them again in a similar situation of capture and survival . While the prior TCM film was actually scary at times , this time , the prequal chooses to focus more on gore than anything else.Perhaps the biggest feature of the entire film is not Leatherface , but the man who becomes Sheriff Hoyt . He is the real menace behind all of the mahem , and the leader of the clan . He is cruel and sadistic , yet delivers line after line of inetersting sick humor that admitadly , is funny at times . Hoyt is the man who encourages Leatherface to become what he is , and then it is Leatherface who begins to create his own ideas for torture and death.Unfortuately , the prequal does not act too well as a great horror movie . While there is a lot of gore , the classic scare factor is missing , at least until the end , where we do get your typical classic chase scene through the woods at night , with Leatherface and his chainsaw closely following.There is n't too much exploration into the background of how Leatherface comes to be , but we do learn more about the family in this prequal . The creators did take time to show us even the smaller details , like how Hoyt loses his teeth and how the man in the wheelchair loses his legs . In the end this is a satisfying thriller , just not what one might have expected.Acting - 4Characters - 4Gore - 4.5 Horror - 3.5 Story - 3.5 Overall - 4
 First off ... if you have n't liked any Chainsaw movies so far , you wo n't like this one any more than the others . However , if you 're a horror or gore fanatic , you should be pleased . The first remake was taseful -LRB- and no , I do n't mean that literally -RRB- . It modernized , yet retro-ized a uniquely terrifying concept and gave it a level of grit and grime it has always stood for . This pre-quel treatment is equally essential . The director has mainatined the integrity of the chracaters by using the same actors/actresses whom depict the Hewitt family and has given them the depth which makes them more terrifying , yet interesting . The maniacs are not crazy just because , with some weak lingering mystery that never gets explained . No , quite the opposite , they are raw and somehow believable , drawing in the viewer to their private horror show . R. Lee Emrey -LRB- Full Metal Jacket -RRB- steals the show and rightfully so , but not without being put up against Leatherface , whose role is beyond just the skin wearing , chainsaw toting maniac . The back-story moves smoothly and unlike it 's predecessor , the ` teenage victim story ' does not follow a particularly typical mosiac . The newer series are on the right path for sure and this is coming from someone who was n't a huge fan of the Leatherface series to begin with . Some , who prefer Devil 's Rejects might not get as much from this film , but in my book , it is a history setter in it 's own dark , demented little way . Right on to the folks behind the two new Chainsaws for resurrecting a classic shock-flick and maintaining the integrity of decent film-making . This movies rolls over other remakes like a steamroller hot-wired by the devil himself .
 I 'm a fan of all types of movies.and own tons.This movie , I just added to my collection today cause ... IT 'S FANTASTIC!The atmosphere set in this movie will scare anyone!Very dark , creepy and just an all around great movie!Great moody score keeps you as scared as theteens themselves!Leatherface and his family are just . . Horrific!The Sheriff is also too perfect in his role!andJordana Brewster looks as beautiful as ever!I hope they make another Texas Chainsaw movie of this quality!Order this from Amazon now !! and crank up the volume andturn off the lights !!!
 Well horror doesnt get much darker and backwoods then this ! The TCM remake reinvented the Leatherface story without destroying its heart-a crazed killer familly with a demented and terrifying hulk of a son wo wields a chainsaw . This story that goes back a few years than the orignal 1973 settting really tears into your biggest fears . great cast and great horror !
 That was all i could think throughout this film . It was an absolute riot ! Whereas the sequel was a movie trying to be funny and just laughing at itself too hard to get the joke out , the prequel -LRB- what we have here -RRB- delivered the grim punchlines without a tremble , roaring along in a blood splattered joy ride .
 I was not disapointed by this movie I was not terrified , but satisfied at this AWSOME MOVIE !!!!!!!!!! The gore was neccesary IT 'S A FRICKEN HORROR MOVIE PEOPLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love this movie it gave me everything I wanted IT WAS WORTH PRUSAUDING MY MOM !!!! I WILL BUY THIS MOVIE FOR MY SLEEP OVER PARTY THIS YEAR TO WATCH WITH MY FRIENDS IT 'S AWSOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Horror films are not as easy to make as they may seem . First off , horror films are somewhat of a contradiction as an art form since they are almost anti-entertainment . Most young kids would be brought to tears watching a horror film and even my son , who has never seen one at 6 , has wondered why I have horror films and why I watch them since he knows they are meant to be scary . I think the best answer I can give is that I enjoy films so I can be moved in some direction emotionally . Some times I am in the mood for Sci-fi , sometimes drama , and sometimes horror films . Halloween is a favorite time for me to watch horror films and usually I only watch a few sporadically throughout the year . Horror films also flirt with our mortality and I think that curiosity is also the appeal . Of course if a new horror film comes out that interests me I will watch it when the opportunity arises.Now I see very few films in the theaters any more . Growing up and responsibility keeps me from going out . When TCM The Beginning came out on DVD this week I went and picked up a copy of the unrated version . My wife would not watch it because the original freaked here out . So I sat alone in my basement watching this prequel . I wondered several times to myself , `` why am I watching this exactly ? '' Eventually it was over and I had a day to mull it over . So now tonight I have revisited the original , which is definitely in the top 10 of all time greatest horror films.This prequel , which I will finally talk about now , is quite good . It is of course very modern and shot very clean which is the way most films look today . It 's hard to marry it as a true prequel to the original because of this . I am not sure but it may be intended as a prequel to the recent remake of the original . That film sucks by the way . regardless of how this film was intended it is the only TCM sequel worth watching . I will be re-watching it tonight.It is quite scary and also very visceral despite it 's clean film stock , skinny and buff actors . The story is good and the photography is amazing . All the shots and compositions are amazing . Of course all this is assuming you enjoy and appreciate horror films.Lastly I will say that I was made to feel uncomfortable and despite R Lee Ermey 's recognizable face in the film I easily forgot it was him after a while.Spoilers
 I saw this when it came out in theaters not really expecting much . Though when the movie started and I started seeing the scenes and the story unfold it was sheer brillance . This movie expands on the already great storyline . You find out alot from this I am not going to spoil it for anyone but you will be suprised . This movie makes every other Texas Chainsaw Massacre look like Sesame Street . This is the most violent a gory movie I have ever seen . So if you are into those things definetely see this movie .
 Folks this movie made me realize that this is the future of America . But more of that later.The origin of Leatherface is highly far-fetched . First of all look at his mother . Now seriously , who would have sex with that ? OK getting beyond the thought of climbing that mountain , we have to assume that a new born baby can birth itself and also break through his mother 's underwear . ALthough in all fairness , perhaps there is no underwear to cover that woman 's bulky behind.Now then America is in deep trouble and little towns everywhere are drying up and disappearing . Why you ask ? Wal-Mart is one of the reasons , sending a thousand jobs to China is another . So put yourself in these shoes gentle reader . You owned a farm in a town that up and died . Six generations of your family were buried on that farm . WOuld you leave to Michigan like a cowardly sherrif ? NO ! You would stand your ground and do the right thing . YOU would stubbornly hold onto your land , your house , and your family.But how does one survive when there are no jobs , no food , and no money ? Well folks the hard truth is cannibalism . The Donner party did it , Brazilian soccer players have done it , so who 's to say it is wrong when you need to survive ? Afterall , meat is meat and bone is bone.Now this film serves as a prequal to the highly succesful 1974 original . This movie actually shows the family as the victims , not the monsters . They are a proud and religious family trying to survive ! So what is Tommy is retarded and needs to wear someone else 's face ? If you 're dead you do n't need it anymore ! It 's just organ doning without all the paperwork.The Hewitt Family are survivors and I appreciate them for what they are . Simple , God Fearing , red blooded Americans trying to achieve the Great American Dream .
 I Love the original the 2003 & the Beginning movies best out of all six `` LeatherFace '' films that have been made = the 80 's & 90 's sequels were a bit campy with a twist of humor , but the 3 films I mentioned are on the more serious side in the true horror genre.This is a creepy flick that shows , once again , `` A monster '' is basicly made into a killer by being the rejected of society and taken in by a sick , twisted family.This movie is the goriest of them all , yet is as dark as the 2003 movie and really go hand in hand together like Halloween 1 & 2 are truely interviened and both could stand as one long film.I think TCHS could stand as a trilogy with Beginnings as # 1 and the 70 's and 2003 films are so different from each other , could just be seen as parts 2 & 3 or as stand alone stories of LEATHERFACE.Definately one of the best horror films of the year . Ca n't wait for it to come to dvd to complete my TCSM dvd collection !
 I love a horror film that is n't afraid to be scary . I love it when a horror film has enough impact to force me to cautiously peek around the corners of my own home . I love being convinced that when I do turn the corner , a grotesque maniac will be standing right there , ready to strike . I love those things because it tells me that the filmmaker knew exactly what he or she was doing ; the purpose is to frighten the audience by getting under their collective skins . Films like 2003 's `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' had those kinds of effects on me . I loved every second of it ; it was a dark , gritty , in-your-face scare fest that pulled absolutely no punches , going from one intense sequence to the next without stopping to take a breath . As a horror film , it worked on virtually every level imaginable.Now we have `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
 ^ ^ next time , watch the movie and not the pizza ^ ^ After sitting through the stunningly disappointing Silent Hill , I had thought about giving up on this genre altogether . I did like the remake of TTCM and while it was a `` breezy '' 3 out of 5 I thought it missed on some key marks . Notably the victims . They just were n't as likable as here in `` Beginning '' . In this movie each person is someone to root for and the added Vietnam angle gives it a whole new layer to shine ; R. Lee Ermy.I thought R. Lee was somewhat miscast in the Remake simply because a person of his calibur needs more to do . In `` Beginning '' he has what is probably the most perfect set up imaginable , a couple of recruits in his capture , one whom was planning on going AWOL by burning a draft card ! And the way the entire affair was introduced was credible , dare I say . . genius , it must have been a real joy to write this script -LRB- particularly by horror standards -RRB- . R. Lee in fact carries this movie , moving Leatherface more into a secondary role -LRB- yet again -RRB- which is somewhat unfortunate given the direction I thought the movie would go in , still R. Lee is amazing to watch!The movie is quite graphic and may be the bloodiest of the bunch . There really are n't any unbelievable moments with the gore -LRB- like in the Remake -RRB- , it all feels organic to the subject matter . There were two missed opportunities I saw ; they could have handled the childhood of Leatherface with more depth . Though the photo montage was quite good , it was all too brief , the movie was barely an hour and a half long and would have benefitted from its main benifactor being , uh , fleshed out . The second misstep is the rather generic and anti-climatic -LRB- to say the least -RRB- ending.Having a great ending or more thoughtful screen time with Leatherface could have turned this into a 5/5 movie -LRB- which shocks me to no end -RRB- but as it is I 'll bet it will out live your expectations . It 's a gruesome experience and a dark and ghastly presentation , and unlike the Remake it 's more than fan service , it 's actually a quality horror movie .
 I 'm not a horror buff , but this movie actually has a good story line , fine special effects , interesting -LRB- twisted ! -RRB- characters , and the same atmospheric music as the remake . It 's a film with artistic merit as well as a REALLY spooky/gory story ! My daughter never tires of watching it .
 ... I would say this one was way better than I anticipated . I was never really a fan of Leatherface . I mean , I own the movies , but never thought he was that great . Well after watching this movie I 've learned to appreciate him a lot more . This movie in my opinion was way better than the remake . Leatherface is one creepy dude . This movie shows how Leatherface came to be and Sherif Hoyt , and his crazy family . If you are a fan , this one is a must . It is way better than the remake .
 i think that this is a great horror movie if u like horror movies ithink that u wiulod be happy with it because it has alot of good parts in it !!!!!!!!!!
 Not only the dvd was in very very good condition the movie was awesome , probably the best in the series .
 The item arrived in mail in about a week . It was in the advertised condition and it played just fine-no problems at all . The film was about as I expected . . lots of blood/gore/violence -LRB- not for the faint of heart or weak of stomach -RRB- . My fav part -LRB- in a twisted way -RRB- . . when `` sheriff '' saws off grampa 's other leg `` for balance '' . Guy that plays fake sheriff is a really good actor -LRB- even though that character is really messed up -RRB- Overall , the film gives the viewer some general insight into how the film series might 've begun . I 'll recommend it -LRB- but do n't buy it if you 're the real squeamish type -RRB- . I liked the alternate endings that are included on disc . Also , this vendor appears to be a good one .
 I thought it could n't be done , but it has and the results are excellent . TCM the beginning is way better then the remake . I 'll take Jordana Brewster over Jessica Biel any day . TCM remkes focus on a group of kids traveling where TCM beginning focus more on Leatherface and the family . We get to see the birth of Leatherface and it ai n't pretty . The torture , killing , and gore are over the top . If you seen the remake then it would n't be bad to see this for it explain what happen to the characters . TCM beginning is a good movie on its own . If you 're a big fan of horror films going too far then do n't pass this up , it 's so twisted it 's good !
 This movie pushes all the horror movie boundaries , it 's intense but it has humorous scenes in it . All the actors in this movie did a outstanding and excellent job portraying their characters . Five stars must got to Andrew Bryanaski in this movie , the way he played Thomas Hewitt was amazing he really committed to the role and you would swear he was real . He really believed in this character and the trials and tribulations he was going through in his life . Sherriff Hoyt was good too even though he was the brains of the operation but there was a connection between him and Thomas which was almost mind blowing . I recommend this version to anyone even though it 's extremely gory it does tell a story of the Hewitt family and how they came about . The Director Johnthan did a brilliant job on this movie he should be commended for his efforts well done mate . i would watch any of your movies as I really enjoy every minute
 This was a brilliant movie as it gave some history of the Hewitt family and how they developed into the characters they did . As a fan of the original and the remakes , I recommend this movie .
 I have to say , I HATE remakes . I love older movies , I love seeing the clothes , people , cars , buildings , technology -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- and slang of past times in my movies . I obsessivly LOVE the first two ORIGINAL 1974 and 1986 texas chainsaw massacre movies . The first one was purely disturbing , from the beggining graverobbed skeleton statue -LRB- made by the hitchiking Sawyer ? -RRB- all the way to the end . Its a real nightmare and is incredibly real and lifelike especially if you put yourself in 1974 mentally and forget about your damn ipod for a second . This was a different time and place . The second 1986 texas massacre was not without creepiness and scares . If taken literally in context and actually thought about , its incredibly scary . But it has some dark humor to it . Its FAR more gorey than ANY other Texas movie , with TOM SAVINI doing special makeup fx . Its Brilliant to watch back to back with the first if you can switch from complete serious terror to terror with some humor and action . We arent talking shaun of the dead here people , its not that light hearted and funny , no where near it . But one of the biggest bonus 's of the second Massacre was the return of the entire original family as well as Tobe Hooper Directing . We see that even Gramma and Grampa are relocated with the family after the first movie . And its revealed -LRB- if youre keen enough to notice -RRB- that the hitchiker brother from the first movie is actually the dead body `` nubbins '' that the family carries with them everywhere , as if hes still alive . And that his brother known only as Chop Top , was in vietnam during the first movie . Also back is Drayton Sawyer -LRB- father ? older Brother ? -RRB- from the first movie . As for the 2003 remake , I hated it the first time I saw it . I found myself staring at Jessica Biels fine bottom and abs the whole time she was on screen , and that is my greatest complaint about the first remake . They should have used a completely unknown cast and steered away totally from any sexual implications . It should have been more of a nightmare . It felt like MTV remade it almost . which isnt a good thing . Though Sherrif Hoyt is great in the remake and it does have an AWESOME HOUSE for the family . I dont know what possessed me to , but when THE BEGGINING came out in theatres , I went and seen it alone . It felt like I was there I was so immersed . Seeing this movie actually made me enjoy the first remake so much more . The first movie is more meaningful now . But dont get me wrong , its still not as good as the Beggining . This movie mixes some dark humour mostly coming from the head of the household Charlie , or as hes to be known , Sherrif Hoyt.It mixes this humor with some serious gore from one of the best special fx guys around Greg Nicotaro . This movie does a GREAT job of trying to recreate that sun dryed boiling desert heat of the first original . I loved almost every minute of this movie except the annoying 20 something kids . Which is ok cause I guess I just wanted to see them die all the more . The matter of factly manner in which this family acts -LRB- including their fat creepy neighbor -RRB- is downright creepy and they adapt quickly to charlies korean pow cannibal tendencies . You get the idea they were messed up before hand a bit . Good Pacing , great action and more realistic gore than I 've seen in a feature film in a LOOOONNNNGGGG TIME . Great Buy , dont rent , youre gon na watch it again .
 I have a love/hate relationship with scary movies ... I love them but most of them are just ridiculous . This one blew my mind , seriously . It was by far the bloodiest , craziest , scariest movie I 've seen . Just when you think you know what will happen next , you 're surprised . It 's just one complete blood and gore fest , if you do n't like `` bloody '' movies , this one is NOT for you . While watching your just so interested in what 's going on that you ca n't believe it 's over when it 's over ... you want more because the ending leaves you like , `` What ? '' I do n't like reviews that have a lot of spoilers in them , so I 'm keeping most of my commenting and summary of the film to a minimum . I thought the acting was actually incredible , especially for a horror movie where the acting is usually questionable . It 's hard to imagine anything like this happening in real life , but if I was going to `` believe '' something was possible from a horror movie I would believe that there are crazy people in the middle-of-nowhere that could actually pull parts of this movie off which makes it extra freaky . As I said , if you prefer psychological thrillers , do n't watch this one , it 's vicious-FULL of torture and it 's completely messed up.On a side note , I loved that it actually was scary and I felt VERY happy that it was n't a waste of time . My point was to watch something around Halloween time that would actually send chills up my spine and this movie did that , for sure . I 'm sorry I did n't say more about the actual movie but if you know about the Texas Chainsaw movies they are all based on `` the middle of nowhere/stranded without help and in the home of a completely insane and murderous family . '' As you watch this movie you ca n't help but think ... HOW in the WORLD can people be THIS insane ? It 's pretty wild ... enjoy !! Jennie
 Jordana Brewster , R. Lee Ermey and Andrew Bryniarski starin this 2006 horror prequel to the 2003 remake . A groupof teens become terrorized by a psychotic cannibalisticfamily . Ermey is terrific as usual and Bryniarski is creepyas Leatherface . This dvd has not only has nice pictureand sound , but it 's unrated with some neat extras.I recommend this good prequel .
 The prequal to the remake , I thought it could n't get any gorier , but I was wrong . This movie is disturbing at many times , not just the gore but , how real it is . This film is definatley NOT a kids movie -LRB- OBVIOUSLY -RRB- . To be truthfull you will probably like this film if you like the original and/or the remake , not as much as the 74 ' classic but , it 's still good .
 The Film
 THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE , in 2003 , was remade and released to a new generation of Horror film fans all around the world . Three years later , making it 2006 , THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE
 This more than adequate companion piece to Marcus Nispel 's bold repackaging of `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' is an endurance test for anybody claiming to hold the monopoly on graphic horror . Jonathan Liebesman has packed this prequel with so much raw savagery , far surpassing the content of each and every violent horror film I have seen within the last two years . Some have already called him to task over this brutality , calling his film `` repulsive '' and `` pointless . '' That , to me , only harkens back to what some of these same individuals voiced about Tobe Hooper 's 1974 original . It may not be everybody 's cup of blood , I 'll admit to that . But Liebesman 's movie will , if nothing else , remind the casual fan that not all horror is sanitized , safe , or politically squeaky-clean correct . Nor , for that matter , should it be . `` The Beginning , '' for all intents and purposes , tracks Thomas Hewitt 's gradual transformation into the chainsaw-wielding Leatherface . Abandoned at birth in a dumpster outside a Texas slaughterhouse in 1939 , he is quickly taken in by the demented Hewitt clan who basically mold and corrupt him into the cruel and sadistic monster we already know . Beyond that , I wo n't spoil the surprise by revealing anymore vital details . You will plain and simply have to take the plunge and experience this nerve-shredding film for yourself . By `` nerve-shredding , '' I mean to imply that you will almost definitely squirm in your seat and cover your eyes on more than one occasion . I know I did and that , I do n't mind saying , hardly ever happens to me.New Line 's `` unrated '' edition is the way to go , not just for the movie 's sake but for all the in-depth bonus features it offers . Among these are several unused alternate endings and an extensive behind-the-scenes featurette that unravels just about everything you 'd ever want to know in direct regard to this grisly little production . It is ultimately , by every stretch , a hardcore horror fanatic 's treasure trove and will not disappoint .
 The prequel does a excellent job with showing the roots of this family . The first half of the movie seems to be familiar , but it gets better . The final thirty minutes is amazing . I really enjoyed the ending and I will not give it away if you have to yet to see it . I recommend this movie to fans of the series ; I dont know how you can hate this movie if you love the series . Anther cool thing is there are three alternate endings . All were good and could have been the ending . Highly recommend this movie .
 ` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre , The Beginning ' is another installment in one of the most distinguished horror genre film series , largely based on the great success and ` qualities ' of it 's granddaddy , the original Tobe Hooper ` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre ' done several decades ago in glorious black and white.Like those films it has inspired such as ` Saw ' and ` Hostel ' , I cherish ` Chainsaw ' as a secret pleasure in that it is a horror story which uses neither supernatural devices , dream sequences , or the stupidity of teenagers to move the plot along . Not that these devices ca n't bring something to a good flick . One of the very best horror films , ` The Exorcist ' uses supernatural elements and the ` Nightmare on Elm Street ' series is nothing to sneeze at in the fright night department . But even some very good films , such as the original ` Halloween ' are completely realistic , but are spoiled just a bit by teenaged victim gullibility.So , this film , like its great granddaddy , has a lot going for in that it is believable , even if just a bit improbable . And yet , the film as a whole does not surpass its origins , even though there is a lot more blood and a lot more violent action . Part of this may simply be the surprise one experiences with the original . Like ` Halloween ' and ` Carrie ' , and ` Alien ' and ` Jaws ' , the original Chainsaw movie brought something new to the genre , and Tobe Hooper carried it off with a raw energy that seems difficult to capture for the inheritors of the franchisee.It 's hard to put my finger on exactly what is missing , but I suspect it is simply a lack of synergy between the acting , directing , and camera work which simply does n't gel to rival some of the best scenes in the original.One thing that does work pretty well is the role played by R. Lee Ermey . It matters not that he is simply playing the same character -LRB- over and over again -RRB- which he created as the Marine Gunnery Sergeant in ` Full Metal Jacket ' . If it works and it 's not broken , do n't ` fix ' it ! Ermey simply has to show up on the screen with his craggy face and southern accent and he fits into this part , in the same way that N. Emmet Walsh and Harry Dean Stanton fit into their parts in movie after movie by simply looking and speaking the part . ` Leatherface ' , on the other hand simply does not carry the visual impact he did in the original . This may have a lot to do with the fact that his character is no longer a surprise , the same as Mike Myers and Jason and Freddy all became parodies of themselves , ` Leatherface ' and his chainsaw simply does n't surprise use anymore . And , I think he is probably on the screen too much . In the original , his scenes were short , but filled with a preturnatural energy , which was almost as surprising as the violence and his choice of weapon.This is not to say this is a ` bad ' movie . It is probably as good or better than all the other ` Chainsaw ' remakes and sequels , but it still does not outdo the original . Other ` dismemberment ' flicks such as ` Saw ' and ` Hostel ' do a better job of creating the sense of terror in the victims , even if they do n't do quite as good a job in creating interesting characters who inflict the terror.And , this movie and others of its ilk are simply not in the same league as the great modern horror films such as ` Jaws ' , ` Carrie ' , and ` The Exorcist ' .
 This is a breath of fresh air . I was n't real excited when I heard this movie was coming out , but I have to say I am real surprised . There is a real deeply hostile attitude in this installment . R Lee Emery is a playmaker and he shows us what a twisted back woods guy can do with a police uniform and a messed up family waiting back home . Some really brutal scenes throughout as leatherface learns the ropes and hones his killing tactics . Now if only Rob Zombie could watch this and come up with a good movie instead of the garbage hes been putting out so far .
 In 1939 , a pregnant worker died while giving birth as the baby was born a little deformed and was almost thrown away until a woman saved his life to adapt him for her family The Hewitts . Years later in 1969 , Thomas Hewitt -LRB- Andrew Brynairski -RRB- became a worker at a local meat factory until he looses his mind to become a psychotic killer , two pals named Dean -LRB- Taylor Handley -RRB- and Eric -LRB- Matthew Bomer -RRB- are about to be served in vietnam as they go on their last road trip with their girlfriends -LRB- Diora Baird and Jordana Brewster -RRB- . However an accident happens as they happen to meet Sheriff Hoyt -LRB- R.Lee Ermy -RRB- that takes them to his farmhouse occupied by his demented family and makes them the main course for their cannibalistic meal.Very entertaining and over-the-top prequel to the 2003 remake and the original franchise telling how Leatherface became to be including some of the other characters long before the legendary massacre on August 16th 1973 . There are two gorgeous angels here in this movie played by the gorgeous Baird and Brewster . There 's a hell of alot of gore and it 's probably the goriest TCM movie yet since `` Leatherface
 This movie actually `` spooked '' me . Being scared is one thing but getting spooked is another . Guess i have to watch a 2nd time to get over it cause it lingers ... something about it lingers . Best part was when dude made his 20 push-up 's . Dont wan na talk too much about movie cause it 'll ruin it for others .
 It 's 1969 -- for the beginning of the Texas Rampage.I do n't usually care for slasher sequels , but I loved this one . It was filmed well and the acting was good.Director Jonathan Liebesman is a bit too fond of the shaky camera effect , which works momentarily to freak your view of the craziness of the movie , I liked it.Plot-crazy Southern folk killing , torturing and eating teenagers who pass through -LRB- nutsville Texas -RRB- , and it does n't hold back on the gore , blood , cannibalism and so on.Nispel 's `` original '' is better , but this one still delivers .
 I liked this movie because it put a beginning to the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre . This was a great story with the original actors of the movie was released a few years ago . This movie told the story that brought Leatherface to the place of when he started killing and why he started to kill . I never did figure out why the whole community in that area protected Leatherface , but since seeing this movie I can finally put it together . This movie is a complete horror/gore fest for all of those people that enjoy it . I highly recommend this movie to anyone that loves the Texas Chainsaw Massacre stories !!!!
 I really enjoyed The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
 TCMTB is one of the most brutal movies I 've seen , and by that I mean brutal in a good way . I 've seen worse violence on film , but yet this movie strikes me as more hardcore than most horror movies . I 'm not a fan of movies like Cannibal Hollocost and Ginniepig , but I like my horror and gore , and The Beginning is right up my alley . With the beautiful photography combined with gruesome actions and terrifying soundtrack , The Beginning stands out as one of my favorite slashers of all time . I 'm pushing it a bit , but I would go as far as calling it an instant classic ... That said , I 'm really tired at the moment , and maybe I would feel different after a couple of hours sleep ... But as you might figured ... I really loved this film ... : -RRB-
 This movie made me jump in my seat at the movie theatre so I had to have it . Even after seeing the movie I still did a little jumping when I watched it at home . This is a great movie and it helps you understand more of how it all got started . Highly reccommend if you are a TCM fan .
 The origins of the Hewitt family are revealed in ` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
 If you are looking for a good gorefest with a fair plot and some suspense , this is your movie if you are looking for Oscar material as other reviewers look at horrro movies , then yeah ! they are right this movie is -LSB- ... -RSB- I am sick of this so called Cult follower to try to make themeselve look hip or cool just by trashing remakes as there is just the One and only . TCM 2003 and TCMTB are grat movies , modern visions of an old story . They have their fair amount of plot , lot of gore and suspense , fair enough for a horror movie , just entertainment . By the way if you seek a horror movie that change your life or did a horror movie changed your life you might need some help . Also correcting somebody here ; the Tobe Hoper Texas Chainsaw Massacre was not in `` glorius black & white '' it was in `` grainy 70 's color '' and for the other guy , please do not worry this movie was not real , no people disappeared so no shame .
 Fim und DVD sind einfach genial . Perfekte Bild - und Tonqualit&auml;t . Tolles Bonusmaterial . Sch&ouml;ner Pappschuber und nat&uuml;rlich ungeschnitten ... Genau so sollten DVDs sein .
 This horror movie has it all . truth , a good story line , horror . this movie shows the horror that started it all . most of it is not is fact due to , no one lived to tell the tale . but the meat packing company was true.And the birth and closing of the meat company and closing is true . and all the missing people , what a shame .
 This Blu Ray is great!i thought maybe it was fake because it wasnt in stores but when i got it in the mail I was so exited!thank you Alliance Films !!!
 i like all of the chainsaw movies , , , i wish people would understand not all of them can be part one , , , but understand Hooper and Henkel have had a hand in making just about all of the chainsaw movies even the next gen eration , , , , this one and the other recent one are awesome and current , , , only a few things could be different but everything works , , these movies deserve more respect , , , because the `` ring '' era is over and the chainsaw will always be running
 Along with the movie series SAW , this is the best horror movie to watch where the bad guys win . The story was believable and the events could happen from 1969-1973 . I thought the prequel did a great job explaining the origin of Leatherface , Old Monty , and Sheriff Hoyt . The Hewitt family are criminally insane and you do n't want to be around any one of them . When the movie was over , I felt like I witnessed a horrible event . This movie captured the impending doom of the characters very well and there are a couple of surprises in the movie that I will not reveal . I kept thinking to myself , `` Leatherface is the deadliest personification of evil . '' Leatherface was terrifying to look at , as well as watching him perform his terrible deeds . The prequel showed me why Leatherface is lethal compared to the other horror characters we 're familiar with such as Jason -LRB- Friday the 13th -RRB- ; Freddy -LRB- Nightmare on Elm Street -RRB- ; Michael Myers -LRB- Halloween -RRB- ; and Jigsaw -LRB- Saw -RRB- . I believe we will be seeing more parts of the movie when it comes out on DVD as an unrated version . After seeing it at the movie theater , I felt like there were some parts cut out to avoid an X rating . I was very satisfied with the movie and I think it is a horrifying movie to watch.If you liked the original TCM movie and did n't like the 2003 remake , you might not like this movie . I loved the 2003 remake and with this prequel , it goes together great ! Now , you can watch them together as one movie . The problem I had with the original TCM was the story of teenagers investigating a grave robbery which sounded bogus to me and it seeemed like an idea for a Scooby Doo cartoon . The other problem I had with the original TCM is the hitch hiker character . He was irritating , over the top acting , and extremely silly , which did n't help make the movie scary for me . Do n't get me wrong , the original TCM was ahead of it 's time for some of the most arresting horrifying images you would ever see . And of course , the dinner and the original Leatherface was disturbing . I think the remake of Leatherface is much more deadlier , disturbing , and terrifying than the original Leatherface . I 'd rather fight the original Leatherface versus the new one.I do n't want to go into what happens and how it ends . But I can say I was very satisfied with `` The Beginning . '' I feel like it 's the best horror movie of 2006 with `` The Descent '' being in second place . It 's going to be hard for a horror movie to top `` The Beginning '' because I have this feeling that new movies trying to compete with `` The Beginning '' will become one dimensional trying to outdo the gore , the evil character , or the setting . I liked this better than the original TCM , however , I liked the 2003 remake the best since I was rooting for the heroine -LRB- Jessica Biel -RRB- to kick Sheriff Hoyt and Leatherface 's butt!Jonathan Lieberman was an excellent director and I 'd like to see what other movies he plans to direct in the future . Also , the writers did an excellent job of creating a movie that left me feeling uneasy throughout the whole ordeal . This movie made me feel like I do n't want to encounter any of these characters since they really give me the creeps . I do n't want to visit the house because bad things will happen and there 's no escape . Also , I do n't want to drive throught these small , isolated ghost towns because bad things will happen beyond your control . Overall , I felt like I watched a horrible nightmare unfolding and it would be awful to actually live through this experience.By the way , I would n't be surprised if they come out with a sequel that takes place right after `` The Beginning . '' I 'm sure it would happed if `` The Beginning '' does very well at the box office .
 This film is AWESOME , great history , great acting , The best movie prequel ever . buy it .
 the texas chainsaw massacre
 well i think jonathan liebsman did a great job at making this film grossly entertaining . however it lacks on character from the actors like the 2003 remake did which this can be important to some and absolutely nothing to others . and it also lacks on the scares like the remake did . instead in this one it has those old cheesy scares by turning the volume way up and the loud sounds to try and make you scream and jump . did n't work for me and it 's either that or i 've seen too many horror movies and unfortunately i 'm getting use to them . anyways like others have said i ca n't believe that people say that it lacks on blood and gore in this film there 's plenty of blood and gore the movie practically has a gory scene right after the other from beginning to end . and i would say that by far this is the most brutal horror film at least right now -LRB- i know already there 's more to come -RRB- even more than the saw films . the lighting however is a lot more darker than the remake had so those who plan on seeing this film on dvd and have a dark color tv may have trouble seeing what 's going on and unfortunately that 's where a lot of the nasty scenes take place . so again there 's a lot of blood in this film which is kinda funny because the remake has a lot of those scenes off screen and since now it 's like a sequel normally that 's the sequel 's job more blood and body counts but i would n't say that 's what make 's this film better than the remake . i would consider this film like a bonus film to the remake because you 'll get answers to questions from the remake that are n't neccessarly important but nice to know so it certainly does n't hurt anything to have this film exist if that makes any since i do n't want to give examples because i do n't want to ruin it for you . but of course you probably already know that it explains how it all started and it does a fantastic job at doing that . so i really really enjoyed watching this film from beginning to end and i would watch it again and again . i would also highly recommend it to of course those who love the horror genre and have strong stomaches . so go see it it 's all fun and enjoy !
 I just had the pleasure of watching the masterpiece called The Departed last night , but I just had to squeeze in The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
 I 'm a huge fan of all the TCM films and this one is right up there at the top ! Plenty of gore -LRB- ca n't wait to see the new unrated scenes -RRB- , sweet babes , and lotsa chainsaw !
 ... in I get a kick out of something , only to later think I could have knocked a star off , maybe this 'll happen here . Maybe not.This is a BRUTAL movie . EXTREMELY brutal . Using gore effects , just for the sake of gore effects , is , to me , anyhow , a turn-off . But it is an outlet for the people making these things happen for the film . It 's the creative process in action . The film makers have fun doing this . And , despite the physical ordeal , the actors often have fun , too . And this was the case here.Where I am almost always partial to the original versions of these , or any films , this one stands up very well in it shows the viewer just where the family met by one Ms. Biel -LRB- Erin , an updated Sally circa 1973 -RRB- and company came out of . They were scavengers , misfits , society 's losers . They were literally starving , living in a ghost town , dumpster diving for the next meal . An abandoned , deformed baby , with cockroaches crawling on him , is found in said dumpster . The opening montage gives the viewer a very quick , Reader 's Digest version of his upbringing , and soon we see the slaughterhouse where he worked close down , condemned by the Health Board . It was his only way to feel useful , be productive , and be somebody , and now , it is gone.But the breadwinner is resigned to not let his brood go hungry , never again . And , as many of these reviewers have said , it is n't Tommy Hewitt , aka `` Leatherface , '' who the story centers on , it is Sherriff Hoyt , given to us by R. Lee Ermy . Off screen , he must be a maniac as well , because he is a little too good in this role . He simply steals the show.Apart from the uncredibly hard-hitting violence in this movie , the element to note with the most kudos , is the continuity respected in this series . Though it was filmed three years after the 2003 installment , which is the remade version of the 1974 classic , it has the the exact same look and feel , with the same cast . Having the same cast members come back , all of them , always helps , and can even make a feeble follow-up bearable . I thought the original , from 1974 , was a masterpiece of its kind , and the follow-up , though it was the same family , only had Jim Siedow return . A different actor played Leatherface , and it just was n't the same . Killing off the Edwin Neal character , and having Bill Mosely , as his twin brother , back from `` Nam '' in his place , helped a little , but a different cast , as well as the production company 's constant cat-and-mouse games during shooting , really messed it up . So , here , in `` The Beginning , '' the film makers , unlike so many sequels -LRB- or in this case , the prequel -RRB- went the distance to keep up the continuity . If this movie were bad , which it is n't , it would garner two additional stars , for continuity alone.But , in my own little world , the Leatherface portrayed by Gunnar Hansen , living in the house decorated by Bob Burns , with John Dugan , Jim Siedow , and Edwin Neal , was the real thing . Not that this , and its 2003 sequel , are n't noteworthy , because they really are .
 Regardless of your opinion on remakes , especially in the horror genre , you ca n't deny that 2003 's `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' was worth the while . Without taking anything away from the original classic , that movie proved to be one of the best remakes this side of David Cronenberg 's `` The Fly '' or John Carpenter 's `` The Thing , '' and was definitely the best outing Leatherface had been in since the original . It was seriously intense , stayed true to the source material and really showed that horror in the new millennium could still be horror . It was so successful that obviously a sequel would be in the cards . However , New Line took what was possibly the best route available to them , and gave us a remake . `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
 For some time now , horror films are back with a vengeance - no more -LRB- or , to be precise
 I have seen most , if not all , of the versions and sequels fo the TCM . This is the best by far . This is one of the best slasher/horror flicks I have ever seen . I have absolutely nothing negative to say about this movie . It actually deserves a 4.5 rating . I would recommend this fo any horror fan . I fear this movies ' success was cursed with the same curse as Halloween H2O , Jason X and Aliens 4 ; great movies all , but by the time they were released most poeple were tired of the franchise . This just is n't the best of the TCM franchise ; this is one of the best horror/slasher flicks ever . I know this movie is supposed to be based on a true story , but being a romantic , it would 've been nice if the girl had survived at the end . I hope this is not the last in this franchise , especially if these same writers can perform this same magic with another script .
 You can tell by my name on amazon that I love the chainsaw movies.This one is no different for me , This movie is amazing and gory and everything you would expect from the series . I 'm gon na make this short , but i want to get my point across . I have never seen a movie in a theater this gruesome and sadistic . The special effects are top-notch and deserve alot of praise . The story is very strong and you really get to find out why the hewitt 's are the way they are . Leatherface is just beginning his terror in this one and you really come to understand how he became the way he is . Mr. Emery delivers an awesome performance as the foul-mouthed `` Sheriff Hoyt '' and you 'll actually come to like him just a little I think . This is my favorite horror movie I have seen in a long time , this and saw 3 of course . -LRB- GO SEE THAT ONE WHEN YOU GET DONE READING THIS REVIEW ! -RRB- Alot of people have bashed this movie and called it a gorefest , but is n't that what the movie industry needs ? I just do n't understand people I guess . This movie is very gory and very enjoyable and I highly recommend it . Do n't listen to these people , including myself , just go see this if you know anything about the chainsaw movies . If you want gore , you got it ! If you want a great story , you got that too ! It delivers in all aspects . Go see for yourself .
 I am sick of hearing the complaints and negative response from those who either worship the orginal and will never allow any other form of the story of Thomas Brown Hewit to be told and i am sick of those who hate remakes and preqeuals complaining about a movie simply due to the notion that it is a remake.I am a horror fan , i do n't accept nor love every movie that is horror but i do embrace the changing face of horror . It is is not the 1970 's anymore and some of you need to deal with this . In every genre of film-making things are a changing . The style of film made these days is different to the 1970 's as was 1970 's film-making different to the 1960 's . Things progress and evolve and I for one am delighted that after 20 years of the orginal the concept of TCM is even still around . Be grateful for the fact that you are even getting a second run of these films after some dreadful 80 's and 90 's sequeals to the orginal . TCM part 4 would have to be the worst film ever - Thomas was reduced to a transexual of the highest camp - pure stupidy.So here are producers and directors who are at least producing some horror films and further enhancing the surreal story of the Hewit family with some hardcore gore and a very contempory film-making concept and you guys still have to complain.You know those who say Rod Zombie got the 70 's style in The Devils Reject -LRB- another terrfic film -RRB- and that TCM
 Just watched this prequel and it is very good . I cared about all the characters and it was amazing to see how Leatherface got his start as well as Sheriff Hoyt , etc.This is easily the 3rd best chainsaw in the series . This had a lot of great gore and scary , intense scenes.IMO
 I think this prequil flows perfectly with the original 1974 film , AND the remake -LRB- 2003 -RRB- of TCM.It was far beyond what I expected it to be , and it explained SO MUCH !! ex
 The original `` T.C.M. -LRB- 1974 -RRB- aka : the greatest horror film ever made '' never had much to do with the real life story of Ed Gein aside from a few nasty hobbies of his such as collecting body parts , being a human taxidermist then dressing up in his work & alleged cannibalism , but what struck me as the most important similarity between Hooper 's classic & it 's true inspiration is the mask that leatherface is wearing in the legendary notorious dinner scene wich is of a females face wich derives from the core reason for the real Ed Geins insanity , his mother 's twisted view of life & her pure hatered for women wich was forcefully passed on to Ed & the rest is true American history . The new `` T.C.M 's '' lack any reference 's towards the twisted emotionally abused mama 's boy gone severely wrong & you would think that in `` The Beginning -LRB- 2006 -RRB- '' they would indulge in such an important part of the true story wich inspired all of these movies from 74 ' to 06 ' as well as a few other horror classics . With that said , done & out of the way I will say that In my opinion `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre : The Beginning '' is a relentless 5 star wall to wall kill em all -LRB- finally ! -RRB- bloodbath that slices through the jugular like it was warm butter & then goes for just about every other part of the human body & also tells you just enough of leatherface 's upbringing without ruining anything for the true horror fan who knows the importance in not knowing too much . This is truly one of the best mainstream horror films to ever hit the theatre screens ! `` T.C.M. -LRB- 2003 -RRB- '' -LRB- wich I give a 4 star rating -RRB- was excellent & just as good as this one all the way up until the end when Jessica Biel 's character unrealisticly saves the baby & the day all at the same time , unlike Marilyn Burn 's character from the 1974 original who barely escapes with her sanity ! This prequal `` The Beginning '' is better than the 2003 remake & pretty damn near flawless aside from a couple forgiving plot holes with a beautiful ending . This is without a shadow of a doubt a Texas Chainsaw Massacre !
 Anyone one who saw the first remake of this movie will tell you how gory it was . Some will tell you how suspenseful and nerve racking it was . Well THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST DISTURBING HORROR FILM I HAVE SEEN . It tells the story about how Leatherface was born and how he and his demented family became horribly insane . You will also know how leatherfaces brother became the sherrif . Even though the plot is a little thin , the movie only takes about 15 minutes to get rolling . There is so much mayhem , you will squirm in your seat ; there is much more gore this time around , it will make the veteren horror movie fan turn away from the screen . the cast of the Hewitt family is still the same -LRB- thank God -RRB- . R.Lee Ermey , of course , steals the show again ! I do n't think anyone could play the Sherrif role better . I still think he plays the part alittle bit too well . As far as the victims roles , I still will take Jessica Biel any day , but who cares ! If you want to jump out of your seat , if you like gory films , and do n't have any physycological tendencies , BUY this movie . Oh , you do n't have to see the 2004 remake to see this either . Enjoy !!
 This movie did a decent job at letting in on more information regarding Leather Face and his family but it did little to expand on that . Basically , this is the exact same movie as the first one only not as good .
 Oh , I liked this one ! The blood the gore , everything !
 Being a fan of horror i was initially skeptical about the release of a prequel to the 2003 Texas Chainsaw Massacre remake , considering this franchise has already had numerous other additions . Well i can report i was pleasantly surprised . This is a sharp , well made horror picture with enough violence to keep most horror fans happy . The real enjoyment here is watching R Lee Ermy reprising his role as the vile sheriff and subsequently chewing up every scene he is in . This film focusses on Leatherface 's sadistic and twisted family and puts the obligatory teenage cannon fodder plotline in the background . For this reason i enjoyed this much more than the 2003 film . Horror fans will get a kick out of seeing a disfigured little Leatherface being born and seeing how ol Grandpa got his two stumpy legs ! Check this out if hardcore horror is your cup of tea !
 I never got to see this movie in the theatre but I loved the 2003 remake , so when it came out on DVD I asked my girlfriend to pick it up for me . I did n't expect much from it since the previews did n't look all that interesting to me but thankfully it ended up being better than I thought it would be . It starts off from the time Thomas Hewitt -LRB- Leatherface -RRB- is born and explains everything about him and the rest of the family . It explains how Sheriff Hoyt becomes Sheriff , how he loses his front teeth and how Old Monty loses his legs.The movie also has more gore than the 2003 remake to keep up with movies like Hostel and Saw wich was nice . It is also fast paced so it never feels boring although I do wish it had been longer , it only ran for an hour and 25 minutes.Throughout the movie I knew none of the victim characters could survive , if they did they would just go to the police and the Hewitt family would be arrested but the hero character Chrissie -LRB- played very well by Jordana Brewster -RRB- almost escapes and you believe she will . All the actors did a great job and it was great seeing the entire Hewitt family return for their roles .
 Overly Gory ? Not to me . If you 're a horror fan I dont see how you could say this is '' overly gory '' . It had its moments but thats what this genre is about . It had a lot more gore than the original but it was still an entertaining movie.Setting
 when i first saw this movie it scared me , every horror movie ive seen before this , put me to sleep , this one made me jump ,
 It feels like a long time , but when the original movie came out , you neversaw much details and there was so much screaming from the scream queens that it kinda killed the movie ... and yes it scared the kids ... But this is 2007 , and killing , mutilation , and everything gross is in.Thats why the chainsaw movie works ... it let you see the stuff that waslet to your imagination in the old days . The movie moves along good withsome weird characters , some black humor , and leatherface himself .
 this movie is good i definetly gon na buy it the reason that i did not give 5 stars is because it looks alot like the remake but not so good and its more about sneaking around than running scared like the remake
 It 's gorrific ! Explains the remake of the original down to the last detail , unlike some movies where they leave most of the characters ' sadisitc traits to the imagination . Good film , fun to watch . I did n't care for the original round of Texas Chainsaw films , so I 'm glad they remade them . Few remakes are better and more entertaining than the originals , and these two films actually are .
 After the success of 2003 's remake of Tobe Hooper 's influential and legendary horror film , New Line stomped out this prequel , which is surprisingly good and gorier than I imagined it would be ; which is so refreshing to find in a modern horror film . Texas Chainsaw Massacre
 This movie was as good as the one with Jessica Biel -LRB- as far as the scares -RRB- . Maybe I 'm wrong , but I 'm thinking the recent remake -LRB- with Biel -RRB- kind of started the re-revival of horror . Please be warned though . It is not easy to watch at all because you are really rooting for the kids and you know how these things turn out . But man , what a pulse pounder and that counts for a lot !
 R Lee Ermey , who played the Drill Instructor in Full Metal Jacket , plays this one close to straight , a rare thing for him . He 's normally a real scenery chewer . The mayhem begins maybe twenty minutes into the film , when Ermey , impersonating a sheriff , appears in a county in Texas mostly abandoned after a slaughterhouse has been forced to close down . All the real officials have left town.The House and sets from the 20034 remake are used again in this version . The sheriff learns one of the two men he captures on the road has partially burned his draft card . The year is 1969 and the fake rural sheriff decides to make the young man pay for his indiscretion . Ermey has the two young men hanging by their thumbs from the barn ceiling quicker than you can say Leatherface.A motorcycle type , whose girlfriend Ermey casually shotgunned to death as he walked up to our four young people , has got a revolver and is looking for his girl . The biker gets the drop on Ermey at first . But gradually the demented leather-faced gargoyle son of the family emerges from the shadows with chainsaw purring . Before Ermey can get control of the situation , the motorcyclist has shot his uncle in the lower leg . Leatherface quickly dispatches the cyclist by simply chainsawing him in half . `` What you gon na do now ? '' cries the uncle , Leatherface 's chainsaw still snarling in the glare of the bare light bulb . `` Perform some surgery , '' shouts R Lee , as Leatherface cleanly lops both his uncle 's legs off below the knee . `` Whadja take 'em both off fer '' screams Uncle ? `` For balance , '' replies the craven R Lee.As I watched the mayhem continue , I thought how only in market-crazed America could the Chain Saw Massacre phenomenon light imaginations . The consumer chain saw appeared in roughly 1970 and immediately inspired Americans to new flights of fancy . A guy I know brought one into a rural tavern near here and sawd the bar in half . My cousin told me he saw a bar sawed near his cabin in Northern Wisconsin about the same time . It was in the seventies too that Tobe Hooper conceived and directed the first Texas Chainsaw Massacre -LRB- 1973 -RRB- . From Geiger counters in the nuclear fifties to motorcycles in the sixties , pocket fishermen and vegematics in the infomercial eighties , and leaf blowers when imagination failed , Americans have usually taken to their toys in a big way . Bored with one machine , they stow the old one in the attic and gas up or put batteries in a new one . With these imaginative toys around , its no surprise the gadgets eventually make their way into the movies.I 've eventually got to get to Europe just to ask them what they think of us . They were still reeling from tales of Al Capone , singing cowboys and ` Wrong Way ' Corrigan when the first truly American horror films hit theaters in the early thirties . King Kong mounting the Empire state , Godzilla striding the streets of Manhattan holding subway cars in his paws , while a little girl wanders dazed in the desert carrying a Raggedy Ann doll and raving about giant ants which pint-sized mad scientist Edmond Gwenn explains , are the result of massive nuclear energy doses applied to sugar stored in government warehouses . Its been difficult explaining to Europeans . It does n't help when Hooper is producing a new Chainsaw saga every two years.My favorite horror movie is the Town that Dreaded Sundown . It is set in the very epicenter of US violence , not that far from Area 51 in Texarkana , straddling the Texas-Arkansas border .
 tcm : the beginning was an awesome movie that i thought was great for the horror , thriller , or action fan.while i am not that big into horror movies this movie made an exception , i purchased my ticket , got my popcorn and drink , and then sat down in my seat without any idea i was about to be witnessing the stuff nightmares are made of.the introduction was cool and the middle was even better , but the scariest part of all was at the end.safety at last ? NO !
 An excellent entry in the series , the best so far -LRB- aside from the original -RRB- . Goes back to the roots and themes of the original film , i.e. cannibalism , no escape , ect . Ca n't wait to see the Unrated version .
 Fist of all for you people that like extras you might want to pass this up it his no extras at all there arent even sceen selections on here but ... put all that aside and you got a good horror movie.The effects looks so real its unbeliveable.This movie shows how leather face was born plush it shows how the sheriff became sheriff thit is the only reason it 's called TTCM : The beginning.If your a horror fan you shuld pick this up .
 1969
 if you really enjoyed the brutal remake to Tobe 's original film you 're probably gon na dig this prequel . i only detracted one star as we do not get a Ms. Bile ending . just the filmakers choice . i respect that . i think both young directors do an excellent job of scaring the hell out of the audience . i can kind of understand the older viewers cleaving to their 1970 's baby . i 'm that way when it comes to a lot of films as i was born in 63 ' and resist a lot of the modernizations in filmaking . these films are of the horror genre though . i see their redux 's as a good thing precisely because they can show a lot more of the grue and spatter . they 're better photographed . i 'd have prefered a more up ending . that may well have been untrue to this very hostile vision . yet again r. Lee Ermey absolutely steals the show as the head of household .
 I really enjoyed this movie and I was certainly not disappointed . The first one had me a bit confused , so this remake was necessary . The whole story made sense once everything was laid out . I bought both because I love this movie ; a true horror movie , unlike what 's put on the market nowadays . They just need to quit with the lame movies . This was based on a true story , making it all the more scary -LRB- in my eyes . -RRB- I loved it ! * Tyreema *
 This movie is something else . I had really laid off on watching Horror movies because they had lost all appeal to me and then came the Texas Chainsaw Massacre remake in 2003 . Although it went along the lines as the original it had a vibe that was solely it 's own vibe and I could not get enough of it.I bought this movie to keep along with a new tradition and was totally blown away by this story . It gave a definite origin of Tommy Hewitt and what introduced him to the chainsaw . It also showed how totally sadistic the whole Hewitt clan is.I recently saw the new Texas Chainsaw 3D and did not like it , because I 'd become totally accustomed to the Hewitt clan and in Texas Chainsaw 3D the writers went back to the Sawyer name from the original TCM movie as well as the original story , thus wiping out everything Michael Bay and the Platinum Dune people brought together for the last two TCM movies . I still love this movie and it 's basically the only Horror movie I can still sit through and not be bored.Thank you Michael Bay .
 This was a scary movie.You will not be disappointed at all.Well written and produce.The acting was good.Plently of blood if you like that .
 What can I say ? Excellent price and even better quality . As you can see the price is right . You wo n't find a better offer .
 this movie truly helps you dive deeper into the psycology of the Leatherface family . Hewitt the sheriff revaeals the reason he might be so crazy and where he gets the idea for his fun little psycotic games.Also you get to see Leatherface take up the famous chainsaw . you also see why he is called leatherface .
 I ordered this DVD to add to my collection . I actually have n't watched it yet but I am sure it will be all that I wanted .
 When it comes to slasher films both old and new , its all a matter of love or hate it . this is a film strictly for those who are n't afraid of a good `` blood feast '' . The Texas Chainsaw Massacre The Begging is just that , it tells the origins of the 2003 Leatherface and his deranged family . Who they where , what they where like before they became cannibals , and even the birth of Leatherface and how he got his chainsaw and namesake `` leather-FACE . '' this film has what the 1974 film could n't and did n't have , gore . torture , people being quartered , faces getting sliced off , and quite posibly the goriest chainsaw deaths -LRB- though there are only 3 -RRB- since TCM part 2 . -LRB- 1986 -RRB- -LSB- ASIN : B000I2J68M The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 -LRB- The Gruesome Edition -RRB- -RSB- -RSB- so ONLY if you 're a fan of slasher or the gore films like saw and hostel.its worth a view , otherwise skip it because its not for the faint of heart or those who like horror films that do n't need the gore .
 Without a doubt , the BEST Chainsaw movie in the franchise ! If you love horror and Texas Chainsaw Massacre , the you need this movie . This is the most horrific Chainsaw movie to date , it made two of my friends leave and another throw up . Need i say more .
 Okay so I got carried away with my title but , this prequel to 2003 's `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' is extra extreme ! The buzz with this one is that it is excessively gory at times . Althought this is true , in my opinion the film doesnt solely rely on that gore factor to shake up and scare the audience . This movie , from start to finish is purely sadistic ! If you are looking for a horror movie that is nothing but 100 % horror . . this is it !! You know those kind of horror films that have you laughing at times and then they hit you with a scare ? This isnt one of those types , this one is continuously reminding you of how lucky you are sitting in a theater instead of tied up and at the mercy of a sadistic cannibalistic family ! I kept hoping that the kids would get away early on . . even though I knew what their fate was going to be all along . Witness the birth for yourself , see how the family became carnivorous . See how the sheriff became the sheriff . See how it all began because , the only thing more shocking then how it ended is how it began ! * When this is released on dvd I expect to see an `` unrated version '' considering it was sent back to the rating board 17 times and re-edited in order to get an `` R '' rating for this release .
 I personally did n't like the orgiginal 1974 TCM . However I LOVED the 2003 remake and when they did a prequel , rather than a sequel , I knew it was something I just HAD to see.Leatherface -LRB- aka Tommy Hewitt -RRB- is born to an obese unwed mother working in a Texas slaughterhouse . His mother dies in childbirth and the baby -LRB- born with a facial deformity -RRB- is discarded in a dumpster by the slaughterhouse manager . Shortly after , he 's discovered by a young Luda Mae Hewitt , digging through the trash for food . She takes the child home and raises him as her own.The opening credits feature a montage of rapidly accumulating psychological evaluations regarding Tommy , with a tendency towards anti-social behavior and self-mutilation . When the slaughterhouse closes and the town goes bankrupt , the Hewitts are the only ones who refuse to leave.One thing leads to another , and soon Charlie Hewitt takes the identity of Sheriff Hoyt , and becomes the town 's judge , jury and executioner.A non-stop , blood-drenched thrill ride that will leave you both recoiling in disgust , and eagerly wanting more .
 Many fans of the orignal Chainsaw Massacre would have me hanged for saying this , but The Beginning is my favorite of the entire lot . It 's a great prequel ! The movie is completely brutal and disgusting and even funny in some twisted ways . Leatherface looks totally awesome and the family is even crazier than ever . If you liked the TCM remake a few years ago , you 'll love this new one .
 Take a load off , Old Hoss -- pull up a seat next to me on the stoop . Have some whiskey ; it 's got a nice , sharp bite that will take the edge off . What 's that ? -- nah , do n't be standoffish . I just walk to talk a spell , now that the daylight is dying , now that this High West Texas Summer is ratcheting to a close , now that it 's just the cicadas in the Lower Forty and Me & Thee.I want to talk about Resilience.You follow me , Old Hoss ? Resilence , and the Way of this sorry old World : Eat -- or be Eaten.Oh yes . Ai n't that the way of the world now ? No , I can see it plain
 I first heard of this movie when Joe Bob Briggs `` The Drive In Movie Critic '' gave it a `` Drive-In Academy Award Nomination '' and Howard Stern congratulated the maniacs who made this movie . I was not disappointed when I finally saw the film.Raging Hormones '' is wild , sexy , and totally outrageous . It takes the teen , `` coming-of-age '' comedy to a whole new level . Hot women , sexy guys , and hilarious situations tantalize you as it makes you howl with laughter.No wonder Raging Hormones won the New York Independent Film Festival awards for `` Best Comedy '' , `` Best Director '' , `` Best Soundtrack '' , and `` Audience Appreciation '' .
 This is one of the funniest films I have ever seen . I discovered it on an obscure website , and it made me howl with laughter . It has a lot of very `` smart '' comedy as well as some good visual gags . There are no stars , but the people in it are perfect . This is as good as anything John Waters has made , and a little more mainstream .
 This movie was stupid and I might watch it again , but it will be a while and it will probably be by accident .
 Did I mention that IT 'S A DVD ? It 's round , thin , has a hole in the middle and is very shiny on one side . It plays in a dvd player . A certain on-line retailer thinks that is a vhs tape . Does it sound like a vhs tape to you ? OK , format rant aside , what 's the movie like ? Very funny . Hilarious . Teen angst focused on people who deserve it . Silly , over the top stereotypes . Suggested sex with a little peek at b & d . A total and complete jerk scratching his crabs . A teenage guy who finds bliss in sex . A spoiled rich brat waving around a dildo in public . Two overweight people in a grocery store , wearing spandex clothes ten sizes too small . If Mel Brooks and John Waters had collaborated on a movie while high on laughing gas , this could be it . A great comedy . If you ca n't find it to rent , just go ahead and buy it . If you can rent it , no one could stop you from buying it . By the way , it 's no more `` used '' than it is a `` vhs tape '' . The seller J2M2BROW is the director 's company , which only sells brand new dvds . Again , that 's DVDs .
 This was a good movie . Not the best I rvrt saw but a pretty good one . The plot is a little twisted and sick at times but overall a good movie . Very hot ladies that are funny and decetful makes it all the more life like . I would recommend this movie to anyone I know .
 just love it and i will be buying more of them to add to my set like i said i just love it
 I howled at this film . The characters are crazy . The women are hot , and the plot is nutty and twisted . It 's a ton of fun .
 Having already swam in rather innovative waters with DR. JEKYLL AND SISTER HYDE , the team of Brian Clemens and producer Albert Fennell -LRB- of TV 's The Avengers fame -RRB- were again recruited by Hammer Films for a rather progressive undertaking . Clemens ' creation of the character Captain Kronos was hoping to revitalize the company 's vampire genre and at the same time generate a new series of films -LRB- rumors of a TV series also surfaced -RRB- . But nothing could prevent the decline of Hammer , and CAPTAIN KRONOS
 This is certainly one of the most unorthodox and best of the Hammer films . While the title screams `` cheese , '' it is in fact a well-plotted , confidently-directed film that was well ahead of its time -LRB- in light of the subsequent appearance of such films as `` Vampire Hunter D '' and `` Blade '' -RRB- . It is also refreshingly low-key , making the most of atmosphere and an unusual premise , rather than cheap shocks . It may not be gory , and some of the effects certainly expose its low budget origins , but the sheer inventiveness of the film makes it worth seeking out . It 's the little touches that make the film great , from the inspired score to the novel twists on vampire lore . And of course the unmistakable colors and sights of Hammer films . `` Kronos '' also stands up nicely to repeat viewings , something that ca n't be said for a lot of horror films . I suspect that the solidness of the character -- part Sabatini hero , part Peckinpah anti-hero -- has something to do with that . It 's a shame that a sequel never materialised , but then again that means that we 're spared the agony of seeing a brilliant character reduced to a one-liner spouting fast food tie-in .
 Captain Kronos
 For me , this film was Hammer 's most intriguing product . It 's most unlike any other vampire movie of which I 'm aware . The adventures of Captain Kronos are both amusing and engaging , with a `` who-done-it '' plot thrown in for good measure . And the obligatory luscious females are of the highest standard in the shape of Miss Munro and , especially for me anyway , Wanda Ventham . The general atmosphere is up to the usual Hammer standards . There is one scene in particular , involving the killing of a vampire at his own behest , which is to my mind one of the most darkly comic in all the genre . Especially - but not exclusively - if you 're a Hammer horror fan and have n't seen this film , you really ought to do so without delay .
 The phrase `` A Hammer Film '' used to symbolize `` low budget British horror quickie '' at the time they were being cranked out , but of course the passage of time has proved how influential this studio 's output really was . `` Captain Kronos '' embodies the Perfect Hammer Movie ... great atmospherics , Caroline Munro , clever , well-written dialogue , ravenously beautiful actresses -LRB- Caroline Munro -RRB- , and genuine suspense . Oh , and did I mention Caroline Munro ? I have to single out the dialogue in this one ... there are some particularly droll and cheeky exchanges , almost rivalling those in `` Young Frankenstein '' -LRB- although not as broad and Borscht-Beltish -RRB- . And then there 's that patented Hammer production design and overall `` look '' ... there have been attempts over the years , but very few directors have been able to duplicate it -LRB- Neil Jordan 's 1985 debut `` The Company of Wolves '' comes the closest -RRB- . Do n't miss this one if you love gothic horror !
 Captain Kronos is a vampire film that focuses more on the vampire hunter and his pursuit of a youth draining vampire . This film also combines some swashbuckling action with a vampire film . This film is different from most vampire films , in that the identity of the vampire is somewhat of a mystery and we see a deliberate professional vampire hunter attempting to deduce who the vampire is and how to stop them . The acting is campy in spots , but overall effective for this film . It is really a shame that the sequel never came about . This film is highly recommended for fans of horror and action movies .
 By 1974 Hammer Films was in its death throes , its films had become formulaic -- boring and predicatable . Their vampire films in particular were suffering from severe anemia despite copious amounts of blood being spilled , and not even the savage , arrogant charisma of Christoper Lee seemed capable of rescuing the Dracula films from certain death at the box office . It was at this point that Hammer finally decided to change its approach . Toward this end they hired Brian Clemens , best known for his work on television 's AVENGERS , to `` revamp '' the genre . The film he created was CAPTAIN KRONOS VAMPIRE HUNTER , possibly the freshest , most creative vampire film to ever grace the genre . It completely re-thought the entire concept of the vampire , taking him out of the drawing room that Bela Lugosi had been limited to and away from the image of the revenge seeking , magnetic animal Christopher Lee frequently portrayed . His vampires -LRB- for this film was to have been the FIRST of a series of films -RRB- would be of many types , almost as if they were each of a different species . They would each `` live '' in a different manner , survive by taking different things from their victims , be detected in different ways , and be destroyed by totally different means as well . How cool is that ?! In addition to having a good old fashioned monster movie of sorts we are also given a new type of monster movie that includes a mystery to be unraveled.CAPTAIN KRONOS begins with the arrival of our titular hero -LRB- portrayed by Horst Jansen -RRB- who sports a Japanese katana , and his hunchbacked assistant/mentor Professor Hieronymos Grost -LRB- John Cater -RRB- . They are seeking the village of Durward having been summoned by Kronos ' old friend Dr. Marcus after some very strange deaths occurred in the village . Along the way they encounter the luscious Carla -LRB- Caroline Munro -RRB- , a naughty gypsy girl whom Kronos frees from the stocks . Her crime ? Dancing on Sunday . Of course she joins them , which is handy since they will need her for vampire bait later in the story . Marcus quickly fills our intrepid duo of vampire hunters in on the killer 's modus operandi ; it seems that young girls have suddenly been drained of their youth and left to die of old age , with only the slightest trace of blood upon their lips ! This is a killer who seems to have no respect either for crosses or , as we soon learn , churchs themselves since one of the next girls meets her doom within the supposed safety of a church 's walls . There are still more deaths as Kronos and Grost lay traps devised from Grost 's knowledge of ancient folklore in an effort to determine the vampire 's identity . Since this vampire steals youth itself from its victims rather than blood , they must seek out someone who has a `` cheek with a bloom on it '' . CAPTAIN KRONOS is one of the few 34 year old films that plays as well today as it did when it was initially released . One reason was the addition of the swordplay scenes which were choreographed by William Hobbs who also choreographed the 1974 Richard Lester version of THE THREE MUSKETEERS . The fight between Hobbs and Jansen pitted katana against a fencing foil and had a wonderfully , messy , realistic look to the action . The use of the katana was no doubt intended to capitalize on the new-found popularity of Asian martial arts films in the west . Hammers ' own co-production with Shaw Brothers THE LEGEND OF THE SEVEN GOLDEN VAMPIRES was released in 1974 as well . Another reason was the film 's absolute break from the traditional Hammer/Hollywood vamps whose vampire `` lore '' had been established primarily by Bram Stoker in his novel and which had been taken as gospel ever since . Instead Clemens has given us something unique and completely original . This is a vampire film based on folklore rather than a Victorian novel , some of the lore is real some of it `` reel '' . The influences of its ground breaking storyline can still be seen today in BLADE and BUFFY and their ilk where for better or worse vampires and their eternal foes have evolved into the 21st century and perhaps fallen into their own brand new cliches . While we may occasionally long for a good old fashioned Victorian romp a la Cushing and Lee , I still live for the day that I might walk into a movie and see something as stunningly original as CAPTAIN KRONOS was in 1974 . This film unfortunately failed upon its initial release for reasons I ca n't fathom . Its recent release on dvd seems to have enabled it to finally have found its audience however , and its about time . But its far too late to do us any good . There will never be a series of CAPTAIN KRONOS films as Brian Clemens had intended , and all I can say is what a loss . If you have n't seen it , pick up a copy and give it a chance . The photography and sets are excellent and the film simply oozes vintage Hammer in that respect . The actors are all at their peak -- Jansen , who looks like a taller , blonder Roman Polanski , was dubbed even though his English was supposedly more than acceptable -- I defy you to notice the dub job . There is virtually no violence , the `` killing blow '' is delivered via a kiss , and even less gore . But there are a great many wonderful touches that more than compensate for this . And best of all the script and direction by Brian Clemens could n't be better -- with THE AVENGERS on one 's resume , what would you expect?Come on , give it a try !
 Hammer Horror spent years churning out vampire flicks , but ironically they did their best shortly before the studio died . `` Captain Kronos
 One of Hammer 's better Vampire films , this one presents some interesting turns on the lore . These vampires can appear in the day time , and as they feed they become younger . One of the more chilling effects in the picture occurs when the head of the family of vampires walks through a forest in the daytime , blooming flowers instantly die as she passes.The film has a very good musical score , beautifully done sets and good cinematography -LRB- As do most of the Hammer Films -RRB- . The cast is perfect , and includes the stunningly beautiful Caroline Munro . I 've met her a few times at autograph shows , and found her to be an extraordinarily nice person who adores her fans every bit as much as they do her.The DVD is nicely packaged , with good sound and clear , sharp picture . This is a must for any Hammer Fan !
 I wrote an original review of the VHS tape long ago , chastising Paramount for not bringing it out on DVD . Happily , I can now replace that review and give big `` thumbs up '' for this presentation , that was transferred from new film elements , IS a 16X9 widescreen edition ... , has a great audio commentary with the director -LRB- Brian Clemmens -RRB- and female star -LRB- Caroline Munro -RRB- and is cheap , to boot ! -LRB- Amazon 's list price is incorrect , according to the Paramount website - it should be $ 9.99 and you can find it for less than that -RRB- Anyway , it 's a great show , definitely one of the most original and entertaining Hammer Films ever done . Pity it was never continued as a series . If you like swashbuckling horror with style , pick it up and enjoy !
 This is the last Hammer film that goes back to the golden days of Hammer late 50 's to early 60 's . A fun film to watch and an excellent addition to my Hammer film collection . If you enjoyed the Hammer Dracula and Frankenstein films you will enjoy Captain Kronos . John R. Tracy
 The vampire hunter is a must for all the hammer fans !! very gothic excellent history plot , everything that a classic vampire movie has it is a waste that vampire movies are not made this way .
 Brian Clemens , responsible for the cult classic TV series The Avengers , creates another cult classic of sorts with this film . While it was regulated to second-billed drive-in theatres at the time of release , it deserved better treatment . Excellent cast including several actors who appeared in Avengers episodes make this a must-see for fans of the series .
 1974 's `` Captain Kronos
 Not a `` cookie cutter '' traditional vampire movie . Blood is not the essence of the `` undead 's '' existence , but rather draining youth from the young . Alternate ways on destroying vampires are explored . While viewing this film , I was struck by two themes . Firstly , the universal quest that addresses what beauty and ugliness are . Professor Heroemus Grost exemplies this by saying , `` Am I so terribly ugly to provoke such mockery , am I ? , and the beautiful Caroline Munro counters with , `` Beauty fades eventually , but a kind soul remains forever , my mother taught me that . '' Is perhaps an evil of our time the value of ` veneer ' rather than cultivation of universal tolernace and a ` good heart ' ? The second most appealing theme was the embodiment of heroism in the character of Kronos . His quest for destroying the evil of oppressing the weak by the powerful such as `` stealing of youth from the young '' -LRB- on a humorous note , is this why our youth create a style so `` off beat '' , so as not to be copied or `` stolen by the old '' -RRB- . Kronos is kind and gentle yet a skilled Samurai swordsman against the powers of darkness . The characters are rich , the story line thought provoking and direction by Brian Clements superb . Truly a quality `` off beat '' Hammer creation that will stand the test of time . Frank Austan , LRCP , M.Sc .
 Captain Kronos , TO THE RESCUE ! A killer vampire hunter , hot & sexy English STUD and an expert swordsman to boot , who , with the physical & sexual assistance of the gorgeous gypsy shorty Carla and his hunchbacked homeboy , Professor Grost , scour the whole of England in search of a vampire that is draining the life out of all the pretty country girls , leaving them dead & horribly aged in the process . I bought this movie on sale and was quite pleased with my purchase . TOO BAD that there was n't a Captain Kronos Trilogy out there . I would buy 'em ALL !
 Decent vampire flick . Different from the norm . Caroline Munro ... oh wow !!! I think women from the 70s , I do n't know what it is about them , are the sexiest women of all times .
 Capt.Kronos Vampire Hunter has a good mix of sword fights andvampire mythos.Hammer Horror outing about a 19th centuryswashbuckler out to save the world from the undead .
 I think Kronos is a decent horror movie . The effects are the best part and the photography was excellent . I liked the idea that the hero was the center of the story and not the vampire . There is also tons of hot women in the movie . On the minus side , the movie was too slow and not enough blood to satisfy my horror cravings , but overall a good movie .
 I admit not knowing a lot of the history of the making of this film , but I must say I never had so much fun watching another one of Hammer 's over the top vampire films.Director Brian Clemens both wrote and directed this unusual take on vampirism . As explained in the film , there are various species of vampire and they do n't all die by the same method . The stake & cross & garlic only work on the bloodsuckers , such as Dracula-types . Kronos -LRB- Horst Janson -RRB- needs to polish off a vampire that sucks the youth from the bones of comely young women of the village as they blithely pick flowers and frolic in the streams . The fun comes when Kronos and his hunchbacked friend are searching for ways to kill this particular vampire.Unfortunately one of his best friends from the war , a surgeon by the name of Dr. Marcus , gets infected with the ` sucking the life force ' type vamps . After several attempts of hanging , stabbing and so on , he stumbles onto the solution.Also joining our gang is a very young and sexy Carla , who was being pilloried for dancing on a Sunday . Can you imagine ? Played in a cheesy , sexy style by Bond girl Caroline Monroe , she adds some romance and attractiveness to the film . And she acts as bait!Not to give a lot away , but I was impressed with several things : The script was peppered with lines like
 This is truly one of my absolute favorite Hammer films , and I must say I am thrilled that it is now available on dvd.Definately one of Hammer 's better films from from the 70 's , and who can resist Caroline Munro , swordfighting , and a villian returned from the dead who looks alarmingly like Mick Jagger?Captain Kronos was shown in the mid 80 's on a great saturday cult movie matinee hosted by Commander USA , shout out to anyone out there who may remember it . Now if only Hammer 's fantastic Vampire Circus were available on dvd .
 In the English countryside , there has been bizarre murders of ladies and a few men dying in a village nearby with their lips in blood and looked like they aged prematurely to being old . It 's the work of a vampire who does not suck blood but drains energy/lifeforces/youth instead of blood who has been terrorizing the village , it 's up to a doctor named Marcus -LRB- John Carson -RRB- to call upon a famed vampire killer named Kronos -LRB- Horst Janson -RRB- with hump-backed assistant Grost -LRB- John Cater -RRB- as together with a lovely gypsy woman Carla -LRB- Caroline Munro -RRB- they must track down and fight these soul-sucking vampires or else the village will be drained.One of the best vampire movies of all time and one of Hammer 's greatest hits ! this UK production is a very original and outstanding vampire movie . This one features energy vampires or Psi-vampires -LRB- a.k.a. Psychic vampires -RRB- who drain people of energy rather than blood even though blood does play a little part as this kind of vampire showed up in movies like `` Lifeforce '' , `` Sleepwalkers '' and some other ones . They are creature usually found in Asian to Japanese mythology but a few in European vampire legends besides the more common bloodsucking sunburning kind as these Psi-vampires can walk in the daylight and cast reflections.The performances are very good and the film is loaded with action including a unique way of killing a Psi-vampire instead of the old way . Miss Munro is quite sexy here as usual , the film even paved the way for modern vampire hunter movies like the Vampire Hunter D series to Blade to even Van Helsing and most importantly the TV show Buffy The Vampire Slayer . I highly recommend this movie , it 's one of my favorite vampire movies of all time.This DVD does have a good widescreen transfer with the only extras being an audio commentary .
 Saw Kronos when it was on the horror circuit in Nashville right after it came out and again several times since . First time , I assumed it had been censored for US -LRB- by then odd but still possible -RRB- . Later found Munro did not do nude scenes - strongly suspect that had a good bit to do with lack of success -LRB- R-rated , '70s , no nudity !!??!! -RRB- . On the other hand , the pub fight scene was wonderfully accurate as to the near certain result of three local toughs troubling a trained fighter with a quality sword . Quite much fun !!!
 Not a `` cookie cutter '' traditional vampire movie . Blood is not the essence of the `` undead 's '' existence , but rather draining youth from the young . Alternate ways on destroying vampires are explored . While viewing this film , I was struck by two themes . Firstly , the universal quest that addresses what beauty and ugliness are . Professor Heroemus Grost exemplifies this by saying , `` Am I so terribly ugly to provoke such mockery , am I ? And the beautiful Caroline Munro counters with , `` Beauty fades eventually , but a kind soul remains forever , my mother taught me that . '' Is perhaps an evil of our time the value of ` veneer ' rather than cultivation of universal tolerance and a ` good heart ' ? The second appealing theme was the embodiment of heroism in the character of Kronos . His quest for destroying the evil of oppressing the weak by the powerful such as `` stealing of youth from the young '' -LRB- on a humorous note , is this why our youth create a style so `` off beat '' , so as not to be copied or `` stolen by the old '' -RRB- . Kronos is kind and gentle yet a skilled Samurai swordsman against the powers of darkness . The characters are rich , the story line thought provoking and direction by Brian Clements superb . Truly a quality `` off beat '' Hammer creation that will stand the test of time.Dr . Frank Javier Austan , LRCP
 I bought the DVD after watching it from a taped showing on TV . I had taped it to watch later and had low expectations from its schlocky title and release date . On watching it , I had the pleasant surprise of seeing something far beyond my expectations . Shame on my Avenger fandom for not recognizing Brian Clemens name on it . CK/VH has many quirky details put into it that a talented director can do rather than just ordering something up from the CGI wizards . Creative camera angles , sets , and dialog make this a fine film.The story is imaginative , yet tantalizing due to its subtle clues about the background of Kronos . If the film had been made ten years earlier or ten years later , it probably would have continued in a series for several more episodes . It just happened to be caught in a downtime period in the film industry . Too bad . Too bloody , bloody bad . Listening to the director 's commentary makes one all too aware of an opportunity lost and never to be regained . Clemens seems to be very much responsible for the concept of his characters , which is one of the most charming aspects of the movie . The relationship between Kronos and Professor Grost is touching and well-written . Caroline Munro is more developed -LRB- in more ways than one , ahthankya ! -RRB- than most Hammer females and has some of the best lines in the movie.One regrets the budget constraints despite the creativity of cast and crew . I would love to have seen what could have been done with a bit more money . Not to mention continuing it into the type of series Clemens envisioned . Seeing it so many years after its release , I found it influential toward Vampire Hunter D -LRB- the second film especially -RRB- . Kronos is mysteriously part vampire it seems , somewhat like D. Also look at the daughter of the vampires in Kronos and see how much she resembles the female bounty hunter in the D movie . They seem to be the only two women in the world with that hairstyle ! By embracing Captain Kronos , I 'm not entirely dismissing a full-scale effects movie like Van Helsing , but it shows that there is no substitute for good writing and imaginative directing .
 A very different type of horror movie from pretty well everything I 've seen , the closest comparison to `` Captain Kronos
 With so much hype now surrounding this as one of Hammer 's best efforts from the 1970 's I was expecting something special . And I got it ! Although obviously done on an even smaller budget than most Hammer films , the limited production value did n't detract from a first rate story and script . Producers Brian Clemens and Albert Fennell have managed to establish their own style at a time when Hammer was more concerned with T&A than plot . CK neatly avoids this syndrome . The movie focuses firmly on the story and wonderful action sequences . After the film ended I felt a little sad , for two reasons
 First of all this is one of the better of Hammer 's later films and features good performances by the dashing Horst Jansen and the radiant Caroline Munro . As the film itself has already been reviewed extensively this review will focus on the quality of the DVD release.First of all `` Captain Kronos '' has been given a very nice , but not exceptional transfer . The contrast and picture are fine and the colors are decent for a 1972 production . The sound mix is largely confined to the center channel , but dialogue is clear and easily understandable . The picture has been letterboxed at 1:85:1 and is anamorphically enhanced for widescreen tv 's -LRB- This may explain why the reviewer from Richmond , Va was getting a full-screen picture , assuming he is using an Apex DVD player , the early models ca n't handle anamorphic enhancements and will blow up a 1:85:1 DVD formatted for 16:9 to fill the screen . -RRB- Paramount notes this item , the 16:9 enhancement , under `` special features '' . I do n't consider that , nor the dolby encoded soundtrack , nor the English subtitles -LRB- the film has not been closed captioned -RRB- as `` special features '' or extras . These are now standard features on DVD releases . The only extra is a running commentary by the Director Brian Clemens , actress Caroline Munro and a film historian . I guess for Paramount that makes this a `` special editon '' , however the films trailer -LRB- which should also be a standard feature on a 2003 DVD release -RRB- is missing . In fairness , it should be noted that the trailer may no longer exist . However , a short featurette on the making of the film , some TV spots , even just a few pages of text with bios on the cast and crew would have rounded out this release better . Overall the Film gets an A - , Video quality gets a B + , Audio quality gets a B , Extras , or the lack thereof , gets a C.
 In approximately the 17th century , fearless and dashing vampire hunter Captain Kronos is summoned to a small village by an old friend to discover and destroy a new breed of vampiric killer . With him , he brings his faithful assistant , the kind and intelligent , hunchbacked Professor Grost , and a comely gypsy girl named Carla he rescued from the stocks along the way . The trio go about their dangerous business confidently but cautiously , as this breed of youth-sucking vampire is so different that its weaknesses are as much a mystery as its identity.In 1974 , Hammer Studios , the legendary house that brought Christopher Lee 's Dracula and Peter Cushing 's Frankenstein to the screen , decided it was time to shake up their style a bit and turned to writer/director Brian Clemens for a new take on the vampire movie . What he gave them was `` Captain Kronos
 I 've only seen a couple of Hammer horror films , but I 'm impressed . They seem to be subtly effective if you 're looking for a few thrills and chills , not overdoing the gore , being mild on the language but yet having a definite edge to them . `` Captain Kronos '' is n't super but it 's enjoyable . The direction is excellent , the DVD transfer looked nice , and - like a good mystery - there 's a good twist at the end regarding the murderer , er ... vampire . For us guys , there are also a lot of pretty women in here , too . The acting is n't the best but who cares ? It 's entertaining , and not made to be taken seriously.I enjoyed the team of `` Captain Kronos and Professor Hieronymous-Grost , '' and I 'm surprised there was n't a sequel . These two guys make a good team
 It 's hard to make vampire movies fresh - that said - any vampire movie that plays with the traditional myths and still manages to carry a somewhat interesting plot deserves some props . Kronos is one of those movies . The film also demonstrates once again how well Hammer studios uses trick shots , lighting and natural scenery to establish the sense of foreboding doom and peril.If you 're interested in starting a collection of vampire movies , and you already have Dracula , Horror of Dracula , The Fearless Vampire Killers , The Hunger , Near Dark , and the Frank Langella version of Dracula with Laurence Olivier ... you might as well go ahead and buy this one too .
 One of Hammer 's last great horror films -LRB- the confused To The Devil , A Daughter has its moments but it was compromised from the very beginning -RRB- , Captain Kronos is receiving the deluxe treatment compared to some of the other Paramount releases on DVD . The transfer is good although there are some issues related to edge enchancement that have n't been resolved here during the transfer . The colors are pretty vivid overall and , while the print is n't pristine , it looks worlds better than many of the other releases from the same time frame.The sound is standard mono . There is n't any attempt to remix the sound for 5.1 Dolby but it does sound better than the VHS version I had -LRB- although it does sound a bit flat and , pardon the pun , lifeless in a couple of spots -RRB- . In the hands of veteran director Brian Clemens , Kronos could n't possibly have gone wrong . One of the major issues that dogged Hammer towards the end of its short reign was the inability to attract top outside talent . There were exceptions to be sure , but Hammer survived at the end by producing meagerly budgeted films lacking in the talent necessary to pull it off . Happily , Kronos was an exception to this rule.Clemens , a veteran of The Avengers -LRB- among many others -RRB- directs with a stylish flourish that provides much needed energy throughout most of the film . The result is a film that , despite its shortcomings -LRB- budget being the chief complaint -RRB- , still manages to dazzle . It 's a pity that there was no way to introduce Peter Cushing 's Van Helsing into this mix as a way to pass the baton to others as it would have been a nice touch.The Vampires here do n't drink blood but , instead , drain the life force of youth from their victims . A fascintating premise and update of the traditional vampire legend . Kronos jumps to the rescue attempting to stop this plague of vampires from continuing to take more victims . Clemens ' retake on this old legend helps to prevent Kronos from becoming predictable . It 's clear that Clemens -LRB- and Hammer -RRB- had hopes that the film would inspire a series of films . Sadly , this was n't to be.The DVD has a commentary by Hammer historian Jonathan Sothcott with interesting observations provided by director Brian Clemens and actress Caroline Munro . This is an example of how Warner Brothers , Columbia and , yes , even Paramount should have treated their other Hammer releases .
 This movie has been overlooked by many Hammer fans . Why ? I have no idea . The screenplay is really good and it 's spin on the whole vampire mythos was really well done . It 's really too bad that this movie did not spawn sequels , which is was originally meant to do.Swordfighting , vampires and the lovely Caroline Munro ... how could you not want to see this film ?
 Admirably scored by Laurie Johnson and an interesting adaptation of the usual Vampire story.You would expect this to be terrible because of the lack of Hammer regulars like Lee or Cushing but I must admit that this movie holds it 's own with a set of no-names , probably due to a well written script and decent direction . The characters remind you of Clint Eastwood `` Man with No Name '' pictures with bad guys who light matches on the backs of hunchbacks , etc. . Here we have the usual set of nasty barroom boys who try to start fights with every newcomer and they meet their match after ... what else ? ... insulting a hunchback and losing 3 to 1 odds against Captain Kronos and his swordplay . Similar to Buffy the Vampire Slayer , this movie could have been a prototype for the future `` Scooby crew '' . Unusual and somewhat entertaining . Certainly for any Vampire fan .
 This time , this is the original release on DVD . I am happy with this purchase and would recommend the movie to horror fans .
 My all-time favourite vampire film ! Set in Germany after -LRB- I think -RRB- the Seven Years War , when Captain Kronos , whose family were killed by vampires , sets out to kill as many as he can , accompanied by a young woman he finds along the way . A wonderfully moody and atmospheric Hammer Horror .
 This is another great syfy channel disaster movie . I thought the acting was good , they used several TV actors in it . The plot was good , I believed it . The effects were exactly what you would expect from a movie made for TV . Come on people , this is not supposed to be a high budgeted theater release . This movie kept me on the edge of my seat . I use to believe all the negative reviews I read about movies until one day I caught one of them on TV and watched it . All the reviews said it was horrible . ???? That was the last time I ever believed a review again . This movie is definately worth watching .
 The movies was great . I really enjoyed the content as well as the speed that i recieved the merchandise thanks
 Why are ppl rating this so low ? This is an awesome movie !!! Every moment is Thrilling and also very realistic ... I even thought the special effects were great . The story line did n't revolve around stupidity , rather it concentrated on the events at hand . . and these events are currently happening today . . not on this level , yet ... Perhaps this is foreshadowing future events or events that could occur if the oil rigs continue their STUPIDITY . Excellent movie , deserves way more credit than its getting . WELL DONE 1 TRILLLLLLION STARS .
 The movie showed what can happen people/companies did to deep in the earth and end up with A disaster on their hands
 THIS WAS NOT A BAD MOVIE , BUT AT FIRST I WAS N'T GOING TO WATCH IT BECAUSE I TOUGHT IT WAS A B RATED FILM BUT AS YOUGET INTO THE MOVIE IT IS NOT TO BAD , BUT IT IS ONE THAT I WOULD SAY IS ONLY WORTH WATCHING ONCE .
 After looking forward to this film since I first learned about it earlier this year , I finally got the pleasure of watching it on VOD , and it did n't disappoint ! The cast was great and all meshed together very well , but I think Barry Bostwick in the role of the sheriff stole the show . He is always hilarious , and this film proved no different . There was a perfect balance of gore/humor to make everyone happy , the dialogue is excellent , and come on with a title like that , how can you not want to check it out ?
 You can smell the involvement of John Landis in this production very early on . It hits just the right tone of slapstick horror , comedy and family drama.Ken Boyd -LRB- Kevin Corrigan -RRB- has been in a hospital for the treatment of his depression and suicidal tendencies . When he gets out , he acquires a little job working in an ice-cream parlour -LRB- the advertising of which provides many chuckles -RRB- . We get flashbacks of bullies at school torturing him . Then , back in the present , the bullies start to get killed with a modicum of gratuitous violence . Throw into the mix his daughter Amy -LRB- Ariel Gade - Dark Water -RRB- , who has just found out where her dad lives , and you 've got the recipe for gory death pie topped with tender fatherliness.This film has many strengths . It is well made and well written . Most of the funny lines go to the Sheriff and Boyd 's mum and there are enough to keep you laughing throughout -LRB- your sense of humour needs to be on the black side though -RRB- . The main strength is the acting and relationship of the father and daughter . Corrigan is fantastic as a man coming out of a severe depression into a state where he feels more able to cope with life by the end . Gade is wise beyond her years and the relationship between her and her dad comes across as very real.If you can stomach a small amount of gore and blood you will be rewarded with a funny and touching experience .
 A great and entertaining film , and Bostwick owns the screen whenever he 's on it . He also gets given all the best lines in the script . One of the few films in a long time where I genuinely did not know what was going to happen next . A rare gem , and well worth checking out if you 're into genre fare . Horrific and funny . What better combination ?
 If you love a good horror that gives you the bit of gore you need while also delivering on the dark elements of comedy that keep you all riled up , then check it out -- and I bet you wo n't guess the ending !
 I knew absolute zero about this flick walking in and was pleasantly surprised . Really expected it to be an exercise in gore but it 's got heart and humor in spades . Do n't get me wrong , there 's some good splatter but it 's all done with a good helping of self aware comedy . Really dug it . The actor who plays the sheriff has a standout performance .
 Watched `` Some Guy Who Kills People '' at the Toronto After Dark Film Fest last year and it was a huge fan favorite . The performances were brilliantly touching and funny and Ryan Levin 's script was fantastic !
 This movie has everything . It is so hard to find a good movie that has comedy , a plot you can follow , drama , horror and more . If you are put off because this is n't some blockbuster , do n't sweat , this movie is worth it .
 this dark horror comedy about a person that finds out he has a daughter and meets her and has a troubled pastthis was produced John Landis its a awesome indie movie worth watching
 I saw this in a screening in Calgary . I found this movie unique , and fresh , with great acting . the story is well written and was a good movie to shared with a friend .
 Saw it at the Toronto After Dark Film Festival . Quite funny with some playful murdering . No other movie out there like it !
 Ken Boyd -LRB- Kevin Corrigan - ` The Departed ' -RRB- has the sort of life only a deranged masochist would be jealous of . He lives with his far from doting mother after being released from a mental institution or ` looney bin ' as he calls it . His best mate has managed to get him a job at an ice cream parlour where the boss takes great pleasure out of making him feel small . He finds it hard to sleep as he is continually haunted by flash backs to the guys that help put him over the edge.Then he is sent to a private function where one of his prior tormentors is actually celebrating his birthday - Ken has to dress up as ice cream cone , which only adds to the continuing torture.Then the tormentor turns up dead and enter Sherriff Walt Fuller played by the brilliant Barry Bostwick , he has a career going back to the seventies and played ` Brad ' in ` The Rocky Horror Picture Show ' , so I will always have a massive soft spot in my heart for him , and needless to say he steals every scene he is in - fan , bloody tastic . He has a trusty sidekick who is more into puns than boring old detective work . We also have a love interest played by Lucy Davis who I also love and she plays it just the right side of English quirky . But just when you think things ca n't get any more mysterious his eleven year old daughter turns up and sort of gets things moving at a rate of knots . Meanwhile the body count rises . None of the above is a plot spoiler but more a scene setter to entice you to watch this brilliant little film.Written by Ryan A. Levin who is better known for ` Scrubs ' , this is one of those films that slipped under the radar and really does deserve a lot more attention . It is warm , funny , brilliantly over acted when it needs to be and for splat and gore fans , we even have some of that too , whilst it may not tick all the boxes of cult it does get remarkably close - highly recommended .
 Some Guy Who Kills People may actually be quite the clever title , as that 's just the way people view Ken -LRB- Kevin Corrigan , at his absolute best -RRB- , the story 's `` Protagonist '' , a sad , oblivious , and lonely waiter at the local ice cream shop , who also just happens to have been released from a psychiatric hospital . Living with his Mother and without any sense of direction , Ken 's world is thrown even more off kilter when his daughter returns . The two bond at first , but Ken has a secret , a secret that may be killing a lot of people Ken does n't like ... I do n't want to say anything else , because this picture really is story and character driven , and every twist , every turn , they 're all part of the fun . I ca n't recommend this enough for someone looking for a new horror comedy release , it 's truly one of those rare gems that offers up blood , guts , and the heart to keep it all together.Reviewed by Mcfeatherstone Publishing Bro 's Co. . Inc. . LLC .
 This great low-ish budget flick made the film festival rounds and gobbled up awards throughout 2011 . And deservedly so.SOME GUY WHO KILLS PEOPLE is directed by Jack Perez , written by Ryan Levin , and stars Kevin Corrigan , Barry Bostwick , Karen Black , Leo Fitzpatrick , and Lucy Davis . The gist of it is that Corrigan 's Ken Boyd is fresh out of the nuthouse after enduring a brutal attack by a bunch of neighborhood toughs . Boyd 's got a bit of a pent-up anger problem and suddenly the guys who tormented him start dying in increasingly-unfortunate ways.The cast is awesome . Corrigan gets a chance to do some serious acting here as troubled Boyd , Bostwick is hilarious as the Matlock-ish sheriff trying to solve the case , and Black and Davis are solid as Boyd 's grouchy mother and his prospective girlfriend , respectively . I 'm not going to get into the meat and potatoes of the plot , but the film is far from a straightforward slasher -LRB- although there is copious bloodletting for the gorehounds -RRB- . The script is fantastic , deftly balancing multiple subplots , such as Boyd 's relationships with his long lost daughter , dismissive mother , and a burgeoning love interest . In between fountains of blood and gales of laughter whenever Bostwick or Black is on the screen , there 's a genuinely-touching core of sadness about Boyd that makes for an interesting character exploration.You owe it to yourself to see this film , even if horror comedies are n't necessarily your thing . There 's something for just about everyone here . Great stuff .
 This movie is fun , well made , scary and funny at the same time ! It 's got it all , from the comedic genius of Barry Bostwick to the dry wonderment of Kevin Corrigan -LRB- which by the way make for great transitions - props to the casting director for this duo -RRB- . One of my favorite movies I 've seen in a long time - we need more like this and less Battleship please !!!!
 I first heard about this film from some friends I write with on a review site , so I checked it out ! Without giving away too much ... I can say that it 's an clever indie film and if you are looking for your next favorite `` you probably have never heard of this before '' horror film , then this is the movie for you ! If you 're not really into blood and gore slasher movies -LRB- which I 'm really not -RRB- , this will be an excellent movie to add to your collection .
 Our hero has penned up anxiety of Titanic proportions and is determined to carve up all those from his bitter past whom ultimately forced upon him a stay at the local sanitarium and a humiliating daily existence in a small town that never forgets . Next to his expressive mother whom hilariously abhors every move he makes , his mind is his own worst enemy and he sinks into a resentful and destructive mental place until ejected from his undignified reality by some unexpected newcomers to his life , but can love win-over his his antisocial mind and frosty heart?In my opinion , Some Guy Who Kills People is the darling of 2000s horror . It seamlessly draws 80s horror sensibilities into the modern era without being self-aware , ridiculous , or predictable . The characters are original , the physical comedy is practical and hilarious , and the story is as suspenseful and dramatic as it is fun . I saw it at The Boston Underground Film Festival and found myself wanting to cheer out loud because we can all relate to the self-loathing that comes from eras when our existence seems futile . Beyond the storyline , the secondary characters push this film to new heights with the oddly inquisitive and self-indulgent sheriff , mother whom says the things our own mother 's looks make us feel , and much more ! They insulate the story and make it rich with layers rarely seen nowadays . 5 stars ! Equally a the perfect date film and scream out loud bash for your midnight movie buddies !!
 Saw this on-demand on ComCast , definitely worth getting a copy ! Best Indie Horror-Comedy I have seen in a long time . : - D
 You 've got all the elements of a 80 's slasher here . Comic geek , bullies , mean mom , quirky sheriff . so that 's what I was expecting an average slasher to pass a Saturday afternoon . What I got was so much more ! Great writing , great character development and great acting ! I 'm not big on the trivia of movies/acting so the only person I recognized was Barry Bostwick as the quirky sheriff and he played it brilliantly . I also thought the girl who played Amy was quite good and expect to see her getting more work . At first I was n't too fond of Ken , the lead character , but as the story went on I got to really like him which I think says great things about both the writing and the guys acting . There is a twist at the end and you kind of know there will be but you just do n't know which way it 's going to twist . I was happy with the ending though , happy with the whole movie in fact . Only thing I would tell people is do n't go into it expecting blood and guts , you 're not going to get it . Not sure I 'd even label it as horror , more of a thriller and a drama , oh and ca n't forget the comedy . It all ties together well . One of the best I 've seen in awhile !
 I really enjoyed this movie ! A great combination of horror and black comedy . Def a must for slasher and Barry Bostwick fans !
 This one really caught me off guard , the way the characters are presented is / was different for me ; but this was still a good movie , just a bit different .
 This movie was phenomenal . The kill scenes are completely over the top . The acting is very good and Barry Bostwick is hilarious in this . This is a really fun movie !
 Simply one funny movie . Barry Bostwick and Karen Black own every scene they 're in . Forget &#34; CSI &#34; and &#34; Criminal Minds &#34; , this is how cops and serial killers operate in the real world . And if you think you know what 's going on , you 're probably right but it 's still a fun journey .
 Very good . You would n't think it from the title , but heartwarming is the best thing about this . The relationship between the father and daughter makes the whole thing . Well maybe not entirely . Barry Bostwick 's character was funny and intelligent . It 's a keeper . But do n't trust me ... check it out .
 I saw this film on Netflix , and I chose to watch it based on the name alone . Normally I read the description/actors/genre before watching movies I 've never heard of , but the title of this one was just too good to ignore . Not knowing what I was in for , I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of good acting , good writing , and good filming in this movie . The humor is just right , and actors all played their rolls perfectly . It has just the right amount of cheesiness , while still maintaining a dark somewhat serious air too it . Very well done . Have , and will continue to recommend this film to friends . Definitely worth a watch .
 Do n't know what more I can tell you . Horror comedy , but done right . If you liked Shaun of the Dead , you 'll love this .
 This MOVIE is the best !! Very funny , witty , touching , bloody well-crafted scariness . Ryan Levin 's script pops with clever puns and gives an oddly comfortable , every-day grounding to the insanity that is vengeful mass murder . Loved all the performances , especially Kevin Corrigan 's and Barry Bostwick 's . DO N'T SEARCH FOR ANOTHER MOVIE ! BUY THIS ONE NOW ! You wo n't regret it unless you 're lacking a brain and sense of humor .
 now this is a hilarious horror movie!you will not regret watching . . a great plot , awesome humor , lots of fun.highly recommend it .
 If you 're tired of formulaic fare - both at the multiplex and in the horror movie scene - this film is a breath of fresh air . Had the pleasure of seeing this at a festival last year and it 's one of the best indie movies I 've seen in a long while . The clever storyline seems to be a psycho thriller about a misfit 's revenge then shifts into a tale about said misfit trying to find love and happiness before giving way to a third act that throws all manner of curveballs at the viewer . Great performance from Kevin Corrigan in a rare lead role plus fun supporting performances from Barry Bostwick and Karen Black , both of whom steal scenes with a veteran 's skill . It 's also directed with an eye for color and deadpan dark wit by Jack Perez , who also helmed the underrated LA CUCARACHA . This is a cult movie in the making - and fans of that sort of fare are advised to take a gamble on this deserving effort .
 POSSIBLE MILD SPOILERS : As a horror enthusiast , I like to see how scared a movie can make me feel.Some Guy Who Kills Peopleis not that kind of movie.I 've never appreciated Horror/Comedy movies very much -LRB- preferring to keep the genres separate -RRB- , but Some Guy who Kills People has some of the funniest lines spoken by the quirkiest characters in the Horror/Comedy ouevre I 've ever seen.The filmmakers managed to assemble a near-perfect cast of social retro-misfits in some strange and very Californian alternate ' 50 's universe . The humour is mostly in the asides , such as when Ronald - the goody-two shoes religious boyfriend of the young leading lady 's mother - says in a creepy , robotic monotone , `` Lord , please send someone to aid this precious child and steer her down a righteous path Amen . '' while leaving the eleven year-old stabbing at some horrible TV dinner to go to a bible study group.Barry Bostwick as the town sheriff is hilarious in several sight gags where you ca n't help but laugh . Karen Black is predictably creepy as the 34 year-old protagonist 's -LRB- Kevin Corrigan -RRB- long-suffering mother - and so funny , too.Somehow all the madness in this weird psycho-cosmos works its way through to a satisfactory end and everything is right again in the world.No CG effects plus all real-time physical gags and lines make this quite a funny movie.Not really a horror movie whatsoever but as a comedy Some Guy Who Kills People has some killer moments.Now , let 's give it the proper treatment that it deserves
 I am always suspicious of movies billed as `` horror/comedy '' , but this little gem does not disappoint ! The story , characters and funny dialog makes this one of the best dark comedies I have seen in a while . Do n't let the `` gore '' aspect scare you away if it is not your thing ... there is a lot more to this movie than a few gruesome murders ! It is also a heartwarming story of a man who discovers a long lost gift from his sad and haunted past . This event encourages him to get his life on the right track , even though something very sinister hangs over his head . Kudos to Ryan Levin for coming up with an original , smart , bittersweet , bloody little script ! I will be watching this one again -- with friends !
 I really enjoyed this film . The conversations between the sheriff and his deputy crack me up . The dialogue by all the characters is clever -LRB- and poignant when it needs to be -RRB- . The actors were wonderful . An interesting story with great actors . This film is a prime example why more people should give independent films a chance .
 While i 'm no professional critic , i do consider myself a bit of a film buff ... well in the case of classic films , b-movies , horrors and thrillers anyway.Some guy who kills people , has to be one of the greatest films i 've seen in years . The plot is well though out and developed . The characters are well deffined -LRB- something i usualy find quite rare in this type of film -RRB- and the story has just the right amount of twists to keep you interested and always guessing but not to many that everything begins blurrs into itself and leaves you confused.All in all i found ` Some guy who kills people ' an overall amazing film and would quite happily recommed it to not only my friends but anyone who was looking for a decent film . ~ Pixie10/10
 I do n't usually appreciate indie films , but I thought this one was great ! A good mix of comedy , mystery , and thriller . It was a great story , and I particularly enjoyed the complexity and mixture of characters .
 Karen Black is back as the mother of our slasher killer Kenny Boyd -LRB- Kevin Corrigan -RRB- . Kenny was tormented by a group of men early in the film . After fathering a daughter Amy , now 11 -LRB- Ariel Gade -RRB- and spending time in the `` looney bin '' he is back in his home town working at the local ice cream parlor . Revenge is being enacted on those who tormented him , all the while his estranged daughter is attempting to establish a relationship . The town sheriff -LRB- Barry Bostwick -RRB- investigating the murders is dating Kenny 's mom . A British woman named Stephanie -LRB- Lucy Davis -RRB- has designs on Kenny.The police officers investigating the case come across as the typical Hollywood dumb cops . The sheriff says things like , '' -LSB- When I find him I will -RSB- tear his skin off and make him wear his own skin . `` Karen Black gets in a few good lines : Karen
 This is another example of how judging a book by its cover or not knowing much about a movie before hand can illustrate you being wrong , but it actually paying off . `` Some Guy Who Kills People '' appears to be an average slasher with an overdose amount of cheese injected into it , but it 's actually a dark comedy more than anything . Ken 's mom Ruth , portrayed by Karen Black , is overflowing with sarcasm and the town sheriff , Walt Fuller -LRB- Barry Bostwick -RRB- , is a bit of an idiot who does nothing but tell inappropriate jokes . It sounds kind of harsh and cruel , but it 's also pretty funny in the same vein as Bobcat Goldthwait 's `` World 's Greatest Dad '' or `` God Bless America . `` The Amy Wheeler character -LRB- Ariel Gade -RRB- is your average little girl ; never stops talking and is curious about everything . Meanwhile , Ken does n't say much . It 's kind of the beauty in his character . It keeps him mysterious , but it also illustrates how much his past has affected him . Once Ken and Amy have screen time together though , it 's like there 's instant chemistry . Amy drags answers out of Ken and her enthusiasm brings out the best in him . The characters have a lot more in common than they realize and it 's almost as if they need each other to feel complete.One of the best comedic sequences in the movie is when Brett Miller -LRB- Jonathan Fraser -RRB- tries to scare off an intruder at the supply store . `` I was in the Green Berets , a ** hole , '' he says . `` And the Navy Seals . And ... I was in ... Gettysburg ! '' He fires off a few rounds and curses before saying , `` I think I still have bullets ! '' It 's just ridiculous and hilarious . With that said , the movie does n't shy away from heavy violence either . Blood is constantly splattering on car windows or all over the hood of a car while somebody else is decapitated and another victim gets an axe to the skull . `` Some Guy Who Kills People '' never really does n't feel like a horror movie and yet it so clearly is n't . Comedy and horror have always been attached in some capacity like Siamese twins who only really come together over the holidays , but `` Some Guy Who Kills People '' brings comedy and horror together in a way that feels unique . It already is n't taking itself too seriously , but the acting is pretty great as is the screenplay . The humor is actually funny and the gore is n't half bad . `` Some Guy Who Kills People '' blends horror and comedy into a pretty outstanding little movie that is one of the most uncommon features of the year.Special features include audio commentary with the director and writer/producer , the short film `` The Fifth '' which inspired the movie , a `` Making of '' featurette , and the official trailer . `` The Fifth '' is pretty great . It 's about a group of guys just wanting to play poker when Ken brings a little too much work to the poker table . The `` Making of '' featurette is really cool , too . All of the special effects are practical and you get to see how they pulled off a lot of the death scenes . Plus the movie was made in only 16 days , which only makes it more impressive . `` Some Guy Who Kills People '' will be available on DVD from Anchor Bay Entertainment starting tomorrow , July 3rd . It 's rated R for strong , bloody violence and language , has an anamorphic widescreen presentation with a 1.78:1 aspect ratio , with Dolby Surround 5.1 sound , and is approximately 97 minutes long .
 From beginning to end you feel very sorry for Ken Boyd . He has only a small support system to begin with , and his boss continually humiliates him with complete disregard for who might be overhearing . From forcing him to dress up as a mascot at one of his former tormentor 's birthday celebrations to wearing the same costume on the pavement out front in order to pass out flyers . That would be an exercise in restraint for any human being to endure , let alone a man with Kenny 's questionable stability . The few who truly seem to understand him choose to bypass the warning signs , leading to a gory caper of hilarious proportions . Sheriff Walt Fuller -LRB- Barry Bostwick -RRB- and Ernie -LRB- Eric Price -RRB- make a hilarious comedic team as the law enforcement in this Mayberry-esque town -LRB- Since their reinforcements consist of two additional men who can barely read police caution tape -RRB- . As is typical in small towns , nobody seems to notice or care . Which allows our anti-hero , I 'd have to call him , to get away with it for so long . When Kenny 's daughter , Amy , comes round wanting to get to know him , nobody is more excited by this than his mother . It 's almost as if the universe is giving her a second chance to correct any mistakes she made the first time around . Rather than give you a complete play-by-play , I should stop here . Though before I do , I should point out that I 've rarely seen an actor have as much fun playing a character as I noticed Barry Bostwick did playing the sheriff . Not only did he have some of the most memorable lines , but he just lit up every scene he was in . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who appreciated quality work . Not every film has to be a blockbuster to be well worth the wait .
 Some Guy Who Kills People is a surprisingly satisfying indie with a full house of on point performances . This is an amazing gem of a film that did n't have a large theatrical release but it should have ! It 's pitch perfect in every way and having seen it on VOD recently it gets better with repeat viewings . The script is tight , focused on
 Not so much horror as it is a comedy , but not the silly kind . Very well-done , entertaining , heart-felt and gory . Lots of blood . Funny as hell . Highly recommended for horror/dark comedy fans . There are a lot of horror comedies and they usually dont work , but this film does .
 Although I 've always enjoyed Kevin Corrigan -LRB- fromFringe , The Departed , and a whole host of other TV and movie appearances -RRB- , I 've never considered him a leading man . This movie proves he has the chops for it , though.The film follows Ken Boyd -LRB- Corrigan -RRB- , a wanna-be artist who is fresh out of a mental institution . Now living with his mother -LRB- a delightful Karen Black , although her character gets a little annoying near the end of the film -RRB- , Ken sullenly scoops ice cream at a local diner and tries not to hate his life too much . Accompanied by his well-meaning , self-proclaimed loser friend , Irv -LRB- Leo Fitzpatrick -RRB- , Ken must deal with locals who mock him for his past , as well as a prodigal daughter , Amy , who returns to complicate his life with her precociousness . Meanwhile , some guy who kills people is viciously murdering all of Ken 's old enemies.Amy is played nearly perfectly by the young Ariel Gade , and Corrigan turns in a remarkably subtle performance as the tormented artist who can barely mask his fear of and longing for regular society . Lucy Davis -LRB- of the UK The Office -RRB- plays a wide-eyed love interest , and Barry Bostwick does an excellent job as the spacey sheriff who is perhaps a little sharper than he seems.The script and acting are all top-notch , although the flick is obviously low-budget , which is most evident in some of the death scenes . In fact , the only reason I do n't give the movie a full five stars is because the climax is clumsily choreographed and edited , making it seem rushed and awkward . Still , for a film that is as low under the radar as this one , you could do a helluva a lot worse , and in the end , it 's still a story that 's told well and with a surprising amount of humor and heart .
 Some Guy Who Kills People is a new dark horror-comedy that has garnered praise from many film critics . I liked it too , but it 's not perfect . The body count could have been higher and the horror elements could have been ratcheted up . I am a horror fan first and foremost , after all . Still , this is a very well acted and well plotted film . Barry Bostwick gives the best performance as a cop who does n't know what the heck is going on when men in his town are being hacked to pieces . Then there is Karen Black as an unsympathetic mother to Kevin Corrigan 's character . The twist ending did n't make much sense to me at first , but the more I think about , I guess it is plausible . I 'll have to back and watch the movie again to make more sense of it , I guess . So this is n't a perfect movie , but it is an interesting one and worth seeing .
 Dark comedies are often hard to pull off , but SOME GUY WHO KILLS PEOPLE does so quite nicely . Credit to director Jack Perez and the screenwriter , whose name eludes me -LRB- sorry -RRB- for their innovative approach to a crowded genre.Kevin Corrigan has a rare leading role as Kenny , a much maligned man who wants revenge on the bullies who humiliated him in high school , resulting in his admission to a mental institution . Enter young 11-year old Ariel Gade as the daughter he did n't know existed , and who wants to know her dad . Add to the mix Barry Bostwick as the sardonic Sheriff , Karen Black as Corrigan 's acerbic mama , Leo Fitzpatrick as the loyal best friend and Lucy Davis , the perky Brit cutie enamored with Corrigan.The film has some great comic lines and displays a lot of genuine heart in its troubled relationships . Corrigan is excellent as the wounded Kenny . . we really feel for him . Gade is a revelation as the little girl , eschewing the usual bratty know-it-all . Fitzpatrick and Davis are also quite good . Bostwick and Black give their best performances in years and look like they are having a great time to boot!SOME GUY is a refreshing departure from stupid teenage slasher and torture flicks , gory but not overdone , and it 's not a reboot or remake . It 's a `` horror '' movie with heart !
 Coming up with an original concept for a slasher film these days is an impossibility . So what can a budding filmmaker with an itch for violent deaths and twist endings do to make his project stand out from the rest of the `` Scream '' clones ? Director Jack Perez decided to meld his gore-fest with a tween coming-of-age story . The result is a rather unique indie-flavored little film entitled `` Some Guy Who Kills People . `` Ken Boyd -LRB- Kevin Corrigan -RRB- is fresh out of a mental institute . He 's trying to put his grim past behind him , but the kids who sent him to the loony bin still enjoy tormenting him . Ken 's best friend -LRB- Leo Fitzpatrick -RRB- gets him a job at the local ice cream shop . He soon begins a relationship with an English girl -LRB- Lucy Davis -RRB- new to town . At the same time , he finds out he has a daughter -LRB- Ariel Gade -RRB- . Things get even more complex when the guys who picked on Ken start turning up brutally murdered.This movie works on every level . Anyone picked on in school will relate to Ken and his daughter 's plight . At the same time , those with an appetite for bloodshed will thoroughly enjoy the graphic kill scenes . The film is a well-balanced mix of heart-on-your-sleeve indie flare and legitimate slasher gore.Kevin Corrigan portrays Ken Boyd as an emotionally repressed comic book artist who keeps his feelings bottled up inside ... supposedly . Karen Black plays Ken 's mother , who constantly patronizes him for being withdrawn . Barry Bostwick is perfect as the sheriff of the small town who dates Ken 's mother and begins to suspect he 's taking his aggressions out on his high school adversaries . All the actors put forth their best efforts and take the material seriously.From what I could tell all the special effects were practical . Every knife through the skull and severed head took me back to the wonderful days of the classic 1980s maniac killer flicks I stayed up late and watched during summer vacation . It 's always nice to see a movie using old-school prosthetics and gore versus the CGI we 've become so used to.Special features for the movie include a `` Making of '' featurette . It also contains the disturbingly amusing short , `` The Fifth , '' which inspired the full-length . Commentary by director Jack Perez and writer / producer Ryan Levin is included . It 's all topped off by a trailer for the film . `` Some Guy Who Kills People '' is a challenging and somehow touching slasher film . Its unique take and blending of two genres on the opposite ends of the movie spectrum make for an entertaining experience . This is recommended viewing for gore hounds with a little heart .
 this freakin film will be a great watch for sure I cant wait to get my grubby lil paws on my own copy !
 Some Guy is fun , entertaining , and keeps you interested through the entire film ! I highly recommend it and would buy it again !
 My Synopsis
 This film is thoughoughly entertaining . It 's pretty funny , has an original set of kills , a strong performance from Kevin Corrigan , and a very good twist at the end . Kudos to the writer , director ... . well , everyone involved . I love independent cinema !
 Do you like horror , comedy , and triple fudge chunk ? I certainly do and `` Some Guy Who Kills People '' delivers that and so much more with it 's witty writing and exhilarating cast . Jack Perez has done a fantastic job directing this fantastic horror gem , with the audience wondering throughout , `` did he ? '' or `` did n't he ? '' Kevin Corrigan is a great lead and Barry Bostwick 's one liners kill it . I have to also say to that being from Wisconsin , seeing our own Eric Price was a pleasant surprise . This was a stellar addition to my already booming movie collection .
 ` Quincea & ntilde ; era ' is a little miracle of a film . Written and directed by the sensitive team of Richard Glatzer and Wash Westmoreland -LRB- ` The Fluffer ' , ` Grief ' -RRB- this independent film garnered many awards at the Sundance Festival and rightly so . For the first time a film about the Latino community in Los Angeles is presented without the usual onerous stereotypes but instead with all the idiosyncrasies of a culture within a culture that respects place , time , extended family , the individual choices that demand courage , and the wondrously warm festivities and traditions that make this part of Los Angeles milieu so unique and special.Made on a budget of around $ 250,000 . with the money being raised by producers who solely believed in an idea -LRB- no script was ready at the time of solicitation of support -RRB- presented Glatzer and Westmoreland who lived in the Echo Park area of downtown LA and had witnessed the traditional coming of age at 15 with the special presentation to society of girls becoming women called Quincea & ntilde ; era
 Upon viewing Quincea & ntilde ; era , I can see why this small , made in three weeks , low budgeted -LRB- $ 250,000 -RRB- film has garnered so many rave reviews . It is a truly heart warming film that has a marvelous and realistic bi-lingual script -LRB- Spanish and English with subtitles for ths parts in Spanish -RRB- it is wonderfully directed and MOST OF ALL , it has a GREAT bunch of actors giving GREAT performances . More importantly , for me , the movie gave me a cozy and warm feeling like one gets when one gets a comforting hug from a well thought of relative.Emily Rios , as Magdalena is so very good ! She at one moment is a very brash and sassy 15 year old Los Angeles teen eagerly awaiting the celebration -- the Quincea & ntilde ; era . The next minute she is strong and resilient when faced with some nasty realities that life can dish out to us all . I fully expect Emily Rios to go on to be one of this country 's greatest actresses . She is really that good . I adored Jesse Garcia , as her cousin Carlos -- on the outside a heavily tattooed , willing to use his fists , pot-smoking thug but possessing a big heart that is capable of deep love for his elderly Uncle Tomas , capable of falling deeply in love and also capable of showing fierce family loyalties and willing to take on extreme responsibilities for his cousin after they all end up living under `` one roof '' . I too expect great things in the acting department from Jesse . Chalo Gonz&aacute;lez , as Uncle Tomas is also great as the person that loves his family members no matter what they are doing or have done . In fact , everyone that appears in this film gives an outstanding performance.I must add that the photography is great and the sound tract is fabulous ranging from Verdi 's Aida to `` Hip Hop '' with loads of wonderful `` Salsa '' thrown in.If you want to get a warm feeling from a film , buy this movie .
 The movie `` Quinceanera '' has all the qualities that make an Independant film an exceptional experience . The story gives the Mexican culture ofcelebrating a girls coming of age on her 15th birthday an unexpected emotional and entertaining twist that will provoke feelings of joy , sadness and understanding . As a bonous the DVD gives you an interesting look into the making of the movie and how it came together .
 Magdalena -LRB- Emily Rios -RRB- , a young girl living with her family in Echo Park , a predominantly Hispanic area of Los Angeles , attends her cousin 's fifteenth birthday , her Quinceanera , and she dreams of having an equally elaborate affair to celebrate her birthday in a few months . Flirting with her boyfriend , Herman , she kisses and hugs him , but does n't go all the way . Her aunt offers to let her wear her cousin 's dress because her family really ca n't afford an elaborate affair . She also offers to alter the dress for Magdalena . During the fitting , the fourteen year old realizes she is gaining weight . Soon , it becomes apparent she is pregnant . But her father , a preacher and part time security guard , does n't believe she has never had sex and she leaves the home . Her great uncle Tomas -LRB- Chalo Gonzalez -RRB- takes her in and she becomes a part of the extended household which already includes her other cousin , Carlos -LRB- Jesse Garcia -RRB- , a drift less young man who works at the local car wash , spends afternoons smoking pot , and was thrown out of his house for being gay . `` Quinceanera '' , written and directed by Richard Glatzer and Wash Westmoreland , is a very good , very moving independent film which won the Grand Jury prize and the Audience award at the last Sundance Film Festival . You have never heard of Glatzer and Westmoreleand ? They got their start in gay porn . Based on the quality of work shown in this film , I eagerly look forward to their next work . Errr ... their next Independent film.The key to the success of this film is the performances , particularly Emily Rios ' portrayal of Magdalena . The character seems entirely natural and believable and I have to wonder if this is Rios ' first film . I strongly suspect she came to this role an unknown . Magdalena is a 14 year old who has to deal with some problems in her life . Rios is very good showing this character 's emotions , making us believe she is a real human being and not a fictional character created for a film . Because of her performance , we often feel like we are watching a documentary.When she gets together with her friends , they are all wearing similar belts and variations on the same clothes . They talk about boys , what other girls were wearing today at school , etc. . The refreshing thing is these kids are portrayed as normal . Perhaps struggling a bit in school , but they are living a normal life many people can relate to . Simply because they are Latina and living in a poorer part of town , they are n't involved with gangs , or get into fights , or any of the many other stereotypes we would be subjected to if this film were produced by a studio.Magdalena 's prized possession is her cell phone . The one piece of electronics she was able to save for , it keeps her connected to her friends and her family , but it also has a camera , so she records memories of her time with Herman , her boyfriend . When their relationship starts to deteriorate , she spends some time deleting his pictures from the phone , essentially deleting him from her life . It is a nice touch illustrating her ability to deal with problems in her life.Jesse Garcia is also good as Carlos , Magdalena 's gay cousin . Carlos is really a guy who would probably end up in a gang ; he does n't have a lot of prospects , he works in a dead end job , smokes pot , gets into trouble . But one day , he realizes he is gay and his world becomes very different , his perspective changes . His dad throws him out of the house and he goes to live with his Uncle Tomas . Yes , he still smokes pot , occasionally steals , but living with his Uncle rubs off on him . His Uncle 's acceptance changes him . When Magdalena arrives , he suddenly has companionship , but is n't above treating her like his sister , arguing with her and trading insults . But he also feels like he has to help her.Magdalena moves in with her uncle and cousin who live in a two bedroom guest house on a larger property . Soon , the new owners of the property move into the main house , a gay couple , and Carlos soon begins making frequent trips to `` visit '' his new friends . Later , he tells Magdalena he never had sex before he met them . All of this detail adds a lot of layers to his character , making him a memorable creation.Chalo Gonzalez , much like Emily Rios , adds a lot of depth to the film , simply because he seems like a real person . As Uncle Tomas , he plays a wise elder , providing guidance when necessary . Considering his age and experience , he is well qualified . Even more important , he does n't look down on anyone , let alone his fourteen year old pregnant niece of his gay nephew . He welcomes them with open arms as he is welcome within the community.Later , as events transpire , Magdalena begins looking for a new place for them to live and finds a really nice , newly remodeled guest house owned by a Lesbian couple . One of the owners is very willing to let Magdalena 's extended family move in , with her uncle 's dogs , but the rent proves to be too high . Later , Magdalena returns and tries to work out a deal with the owner . As soon as the owner learns who her uncle is , he walks the neighborhood selling a traditional hot Mexican beverage from his large thermoses and once gave her a free cup of the drink ; she agrees to let them move in at a very reduced rent.Magdalena appears to have become pregnant without sexual intercourse , something her father does n't believe but a clinic worker later confirms . How this happened is n't entirely clear , but I am sure thousands of teenage girls will be horrified to learn you can get pregnant simply by kissing a boy . This is a bit far fetched , but because the family is so religious -LRB- Dad has started his own church , her name is Magdalena -RRB- it is an acceptable stretch of the imagination.Strangely , given the background of the filmmakers , the least interesting and convincing characters in the film are the gay couple who own the property where Magdalena lives with her uncle and cousin . They are a necessary part of the story , as they help Carlos experience his first sexual encounter , but they are portrayed as just a bit too stereotypical . Gary -LRB- David Ross -RRB- , a Brit , has been in his relationship with James -LRB- Jason Wood -RRB- for six years with six months `` off for good behavior '' . After they move in , they meet Carlos and share him during a sexual encounter . Later , Carlos starts to see Gary on a more regular basis . Throughout , these scenes are necessary to develop Carlos ' story and character , but the couple is portrayed in a way that does n't ring true . `` Quinceanera '' is a very good film , filled with good performances and an occasional misstep . But in a way , this only makes the film seem all the more real and interesting ; life is filled with missteps . Despite the age of the main character , I would advise people pay attention to the ` R ' rating . This film is good for adults and for their children , provided they are able to prepare them for the adult material , or help them understand it after watching the film .
 I Found out about this movie , Then waited and waited , and then some more waiting . it never came out anywhere near me . So I was left to wait . . For the dvd release . yesterday at long last I rented it , sat myself down and got ready to love it . I did . Quinceanera was everything I hoped for and more.Believable , genuine and full to the top with heart.Emily Rios as spirited determined Magdalena is refreshing and real.Jesse Garcia is intense and amazing as Carlos , I mean it , you ca n't take your eyes off this guy.Chalo Gonzalez is endearing perfection as Tio Tomas , You want him in your family.For the most part the rest of the cast is great , and the few exceptions , and little problems within the movie do n't hurt the film as a whole.one like this is rare , see this movie .
 ` Quinceanera ` is a delightful independent film full of charm and pathos . With its refreshing lack of pretension and sincere , heartfelt performances , it stands out as one of the best films in recent years.The film ` s premise is simple enough
 Quincenera dvdComing of age light drama.Very well acted , actually.Just thought it could have had a little more emotion or sensitivity shown in a few places . Overall , it was very entertaining without too much of the could be negative gang type portrayals .
 Quincea & ntilde ; era is one of those very few indie films that truly score a huge goal . The convincing acting had me riveted to my seat throughout the picture ; and I actually shed a few tears when I watched Carlos , the black sheep of the family , give a eulogy for his deceased Uncle Tomas near the end of the film . Quincea & ntilde ; era sends a big message about life in general , what growing up is really all about , and how tough things can be when an ethnic neighborhood becomes gentrified.The action begins at a Quincea & ntilde ; era ritual and party -LRB- a coming of age ceremony in Spanish culture similar to a young Jewish girl 's Bat Mitzvah -RRB- . We see the young people dancing on the floor and the older members of the family with socializing at their tables with their friends . A fourteen year old girl named Magdalena -LRB- Emily Rios -RRB- dreams of her upcoming Quincea & ntilde ; era ceremony while her thick headed father simply dreads the high cost of the ceremony . In addition , we quickly see that all will not be the way Magdalena wants for her party . She will have to wear a dress already worn by another member of the family and she will not be able to arrive at her Quincea & ntilde ; era in a Hummer limousine.Magdalena and her boyfriend Herman -LRB- J.R. Cruz -RRB- are fumbling through a relationship as girlfriend and boyfriend when a shocking event occurs -- Magdalena is pregnant . Nobody can figure out how or why , especially since the one time she was intimate with Herman they did not go `` all the way . '' Nevertheless , pregnant she is -- and her father rewards her by throwing her out of their home.Magdalena soon winds up living with her gentle , kind Uncle Tomas -LRB- Chalo Gonz&aacute;lez -RRB- and the black sheep of the family , her cousin Carlos -LRB- Jesse Garcia -RRB- who , with the exception of Uncle Tomas , they all hate because he likes men . However , unexpected events occur which challenge Magdalena to grow up fast in a meaningful way that a mere ceremonial Quincea & ntilde ; era never could have.What will happen to Magdalena and Carlos after their Uncle Tomas dies unexpectedly ? Will Magdalena 's parents ever reconcile with her ? How did Magdalena actually become pregnant in the first place ? How does gentrification change the lives of the Spanish people in their neighborhood ? No spoilers here , folks , you 'll just have to watch the movie to find out!Look for some very moving scenes near the end of this movie , especially , as I wrote above , when Carlos speaks at his Uncle 's funeral . I also like the way the film takes its time to develop Carlos 's relationship with the two gay men who live next door to them . The choreography was quite good for the Quincea & ntilde ; era party scenes and the cinematography was great . You 'd never know this was a low budget movie ; it says so much that is so meaningful you wo n't notice too many flaws when you watch this one.The DVD comes with a few extras which include a commentary with both the filmmakers and the cast ; and there is a noteworthy `` making of '' the movie featurette.Overall , I highly recommend Quincea & ntilde ; era for fans of independent films and for anyone who enjoys films that entertain but make you think and move you with their heartfelt message . Quincea & ntilde ; era exposes the great talents of many of the actors ; but Emily Rios as Magdalena and Jesse Garcia as Carlos are the ones who truly steal the show.Bravo !
 At the end of my review of Director/Writers Richard Glatzer and Wash Westmoreland 's first nationally distributed film , I wondered aloud as to what these talented , quirky guys would do after the fun , I only steal from the very best movies take on the Gay Porn Industry and the hangers-on that populate it , `` The Fluffer . '' Well now I know
 A beautiful film with many layers that take awhile to see . I first saw the film on the big screen at a film festival , then saw the DVD on my home screen . There were so many nuances I missed the first time . I was reminded of the movie Real Women Have Curves , which I also enjoyed.After living in New Mexico , with a strong Hispanic culture , I thought the film was realistic , capturing poignant moments as well as humor.Don ' t miss the commentaries here -- one of the best Special Features I 've heard in awhile . They actually talk about the film and its meaning , not just a bunch of in jokes nobody cares about . I love the part where they explain how they filmed the middle-aged women at the first party.The dogs are great , too .
 This story takes place within a working-class Hispanic community in Los Angeles where the traditional Quinceanera celebration marks a young girl 's rite of passage at age 15 into womanhood . Opening with a Quinceanera , the movie takes off and focuses first for quite awhile upon the romance and sexual awakenings of the two main characters . They are Magdalena , a 14-year-old plain-spoken daughter of a minister , and her cousin , Carlos , an ostracized black sheep of the family who 's into petty crime and pot-smoking . I almost did n't stick with this movie because I felt bored and/or uncomfortable with the teen `` scene . '' I wished I 'd never seen one of their contemporary dances that grossly imitated some gross sex . Also I felt uncomfortable watching the predatory gay landlords . Staying with the movie until the end , however , turned out to be very rewarding . Gentle , caring love triumphed . There was depth and grace to the story , after all . And , finally , a felicitous Quinceanera for Magdalena.It turns out that under the surface of the story one finds a deliberate but subtle allusion to the plight of the Virgin Mary and her protector , Joseph . There is an implicit awareness in the story of Christian values.The highlight and best pleasure of the movie lies in meeting a real life saint , albeit one who is very ordinary and whose life is obscure . He very sweetly bears on his shoulders , as a gentle yoke , the troubles of Magdalena and Carlos.If you ca n't stand to look at life the way it sometimes really happens instead of the way you think it ought to be , do n't see this movie . It 's realistic , and you may find it too offensive.There is some minimal rather non-explicit sex , no nudity , and some offensive language . I wonder if the movie is aimed at a teen audience . It would probably be less shocking to teens than to some grown-ups , but I 'd classify it as an adult movie , not for kids under 15 . Ultimately , it 's a loving story . I experienced it as a blessing , a beneficence that really warmed my heart .
 It 's sometimes hard to capture a true representation of a Hispanic family living in the United States . I was blown away by the raw reality I found in this film . All of the characters are so wonderfully portrayed , and every character takes the perfect course of action through the plot to result in the raw passions but undying love that families like this one experience.If you were born into a Hispanic-American family , watch and enjoy . You will understand every second .
 * Quinceanera * is a gem ... at least , for me . Like * Real Women Have Curves * , this film captured the true interactions and dialogues among Hispanic families . It just made me miss home even more.Magdalena is up next for her quinceanera . She wants hers to be just like her cousin 's who just recently had hers . She wants a new dress and a rented Hummer limo . The problem is her family 's financial limitations and her preaching father . She may just have to stick with her cousin 's hand-me-down gown.When she 's being fitted for the gown , suspicion arises that Magdalena is pregnant . When confirmed , her family is upset , especially her father . Magdalena claims she 's a virgin . Her father believes that this is an impossibility and kicks her out of the house.She only has one place to go ... her Tio Tomas ' house . Tio Tomas is also housing another black sheep , her cousin Carlos . Carlos has been banished from his family because he is gay . Tio Tomas is that one person that everyone in the families and in the communities love.From there , the film focuses on Magdalena and Carlos ' personal coming-of-age journeys . Magdalena addresses the whole pregnancy issue with her boyfriend . Her boyfriend proclaims to love her but feels pressured by his family to succeed academically . Carlos explores his sexuality with a gay couple who lives next to Tio Tomas . Carlos falls for one of them , even though he puts on a tough act that he really does n't care about anything.Just when things seem like it 'll be alright , something bad happens . Well , not just one thing but several things . However , Magdalena and Carlos come out alright . The bond between them becomes stronger.I just simply love * Quinceanera * for showing the interactions between family members . I just love how one aunt turned to her sisters and hissed `` fourteen years old ! '' when Magdalena is suspected to be pregnant . I was like ... my mother and my aunts would so do that and have done that as well.There are many aspects of the film that I loved . The pressure and encouragment for Hispanic children to succeed academically to pursue and live that American dream . The dialogues between adults and children , alternating in Spanish and English . The assimilation of American things in Hispanic rituals . The diversity of religious beliefs instead of just showing that everyone is Catholic.Lastly , it was wonderful to include a gay Hispanic character . It is very rare to see like this . I love that fact that the directors did n't pick one that is stereotypically effeminate and is into dragging . They picked someone thuggish and macho . It was just ... perfect!The photography and sceneries here are just authentic . Just sit back , relax and enjoy the film . You are seeing the real thing of the Hispanic world.Simply , it was a gem of a film .
 This movie was well done , although I believe it was a little too short and could have explored a little more of the story lines . But if you are of the latino culture you will know exactly what this family experiences and I am sure you can relate to the whole Quinceanera experience . Jesse Garcia is a great actor in the film and I think it 's his character that really makes the movie worth watching .
 This unique , and yet universally `` human '' story combines the charm and vividness of the Mexican culture ... the beauty and spirit of that culture and its people , its dance , its religious beliefs , its music and customs and traditions of family and honour , and at the same time transcends these cultural differences it enlightens us on to take us on a human journey of true courage , honesty and love . A movie to watch over and over again , and talk to your friends about in movie clubs ! Buy it and treasure it always . Learn how fundamentally we , as human beings , are looking and searching for the same values , even if these values seem to play out in what appears to be different worlds . A wonderful way to get a glimpse of what it means to be a 15 year old girl with mexican roots , living in a modern world . A wonderful way to learn what is important to us all in our search for truth .
 This is a good product . I like it . This is a good product . I like it . This is a good product . I like it . This is a good product . I like it .
 I just finished watching this movie -LRB- with commercials -RRB- on a `` geared to Latinos '' station on cable . One interesting thing about this movie is that much of the dialogue is in Spanish -LRB- with English subtitles -RRB- but the characters switch back and forth from English to Spanish with ease -LRB- as is often the case with `` real '' Latinos -RRB- . It 's a hard look at life in Echo Park , which really appears -LRB- at least in the movie -RRB- to be a beautiful part of L.A. - with great views . At first , one thing I did n't like was that the two gay -LRB- white -RRB- males turned out to be `` bad guys '' , but then I realized that Herman , the boyfriend , was Hispanic and `` straight '' and the girl 's father was also Hispanic and `` straight '' -LRB- AND very stait-laced ! -RRB- and they were n't so nice either , so I suppose it was an equal opportunity for all as far as good and bad characters - and like real life , each character had its noble and not so noble aspects.It did seem very real , and very entertaining , and very tear-causing in parts . I loved the `` Tio '' in the movie who , as Carlos put it at his funeral , was a saint -LRB- or the closet human counterpart there can be -RRB- - a nonjudgmental , generous soul , who was a friend to everyone he met.Very good movie . I recommend it . In fact , I just now bought the DVD from Amazon and am looking forward to watching it without commercials and also seeing the `` extras '' -LRB- the making of the movie , etc. -RRB- Bravo , film makers and actors in this movie .
 What holds this movie together and most independent films is the big heart behind it . The biggest ones ofcourse goes to the three leads , Jesse Garcia -LRB- Carlos -RRB- , Emily Rios -LRB- Magdalena -RRB- and Chalo Gonzalez -LRB- Tio Tomas -RRB- . These three made the movie . Their interpretation of their characters is so on the mark . And the Title ? I think it 's no use explaining what Quinceanera is all about but let me give it a try . It 's a celebration to mark the transition of a girl to womanhood . It 's real big , sometimes parents spend more on this than the wedding . Why 15 , some sociological anthropologist surmise that it was an ancient mayan ritual melded into Christianity . Anyway , Magdalena 's Quinceanera is really just a backdrop . It 's just that so many life altering events happens as she looks forward to her big day . One being a virginal pregnancy which might puzzle some viewers , but I think this is an atempt to pay homage to the the style of literature that is Latin American ; Magical Thinking made popular by novelist/nobel laurette - Gabriel Garcia-Marquez . I think it 's a nice touch . And for some of us who has lived and is familiar with the setting , Echo Park , this movie will make you homesick . You can see that some of the same shops and streets have n't change much and it 's real cool that the filmakers used real people who lived there and shot the film almost entirely on location . My hats off to the actors and the filmakers , what a lobor of love and it shows . Please watch the DVD extras . It is just as interesting like the fact the Emily Rios grew up in a Jehovah Witnesses ' family -LRB- the religious sect that do n't beleive in celebrating birthdays , holloween , christmas , anything-PartyPoopers ! but I hear that it 's okay for couples to celebrate their Wedding Anniversaries . -RRB- so Rios never had a Quinceanera or anything like it and Jesse Garcia grew up in the midWest , no exposures to Chicano culture or gang life . Chalo Gonzales who lovingly portrays Tio Tomas is an old western , Sam Pekinpah actor , expresses his aprreciation for being in the movie with such joy that 's its palpable and you cry along with him . I highly recommend this movie . It 's a real treat .
 I have been waiting for it to come out on DVD and just ordered a couple and intend to give the other as a gift . I do not want to give the story away . My actions should speak volumes.If there ever was a movie as meaningful as this one !!!!!! Touching and brilliant .
 As a native-born Los Angeleno , I found this appealing film existed in a sort of fairy tale land . It somehow makes LA seem green and lush , with old school charm . The movie is populated with young Latino men who belie few signs of machismo . Instead , they are interested in soft words , art , and , well , each other . Go figure.But the souce of Quincea & ntilde ; era 's real charm is its teen protagonist , Emily Rios as Magdalena . She is a marvel as her character finds her tightlipped way through this film . Ms. Rios 's portrayal is unexpectedly subtle and layered , which is interesting in that the DVD extras reveal that her approach to acting is extremely simplistic . Brava!The DVD extras also show that the writer/director team and production staff for Quincea & ntilde ; era are overwhelming Anglo -LRB- and mostly gay -RRB- . This outsider viewpoint is not a weakness for filmwatchers , but I would argue that it does detract from its verisimilitude . That said , kudos to the filmmakers for introducing the issue of neighborhood gentrification into their film , though it is not really resolved in any fashion . Perhaps that is just as well ; this film is essentially a warmhearted character study , and on those terms , it succeeds .
 I like this movie it was crazy from the start to end but being a fan of Sundance Movies this was a good one I liked it . If you like Mi Vida Loca you like this movie for sure .
 Half in English , half in Spanish ` Quincinera ' is a coming-of-age story brimming with warmth and gentle humor . Significantly named , Magdalena -LRB- Emily Rios -RRB- is approaching her fifteenth birthday worthy of a debutante celebration . She is intimately dating Herman -LRB- J.R. Cruz -RRB- who is gentle and has aspirations for worldliness and the trappings a higher education can garner . Living with her is her cousin Carlos -LRB- Jesse Garcia -RRB- who is gay . Both treat each other alternately with scathing hostility and gentle regard . Polarizing the household are strict religious household head Ernesto -LRB- Jesus Castanos -RRB- and gentle great grand-uncle Tio Toma 's -LRB- Chalo Gonzalez -RRB- . In the meantime , Carlos , regarded as the black sheep of the family , has an affair with the nearby landlord , and both Magdalena and Carlos have to face conflicts involving betrayal and trust.Much of the characterization and acting take away some of the soap-opera feel to the movie , especially with some solid writing and directing from Richard Glatzer and Wash Westmoreland . ` Quincinera ' is good for giving us a fine cross-section of Mexican-American life and a drama that wins our affection .
 I admit I was n't expecting much , I bought the movie used from Amazon because it looked interesting . It turned out to be a good story , very well acted . Glad I got it .
 good quality movie packed with top and secondary stars combining together to provide some really old fashioned entertainment
 This 1980 movie seemed to sit in between two generations of styles of war movie , and as a result seems to have fallen through the cracks of communal memory for many . It 's a shame , as it 's a decent movie , fun , does n't take itself too seriously - but gripping enough to represent the factual story it depicts , and of course has a hugely entertaining cast clearly having a ball.During WW II , an aging group of ex Boer War veterans , now forming a territorial style home guard in India known as the Calcutta Light Horse , are roped into action in a piece of skullduggery and sabotage on a German vessel in which has become a thorn in the side of the Royal Navy . Unfortunately , it is in Goa , a neutral Portuguese port , and no regular military mission can be mounted , hence our aging heroes for whom the British government can maintain plausible deniability , spring into action.Gregory Peck and Roger Moore are the military espionage string pullers who lead the operation , David Niven , Trevor Howard and a host of British character actors play the Calcutta Light Horse , and Patrick Macnee and Barbara Kellerman round out the stellar cast in other roles.It 's old fashioned movie making , Boys Own adventure style , with the pace and script not short on humor , but it 's a serious war movie too , which relies more on the build up and background than a climax , which may be disappointing in the action stakes to a modern movie audience . To be honest , most of the fun is in watching these actors on the screen together for one more time , before the 80 's blockbusters thrust a new generation of actors and movie styles into the limelight.John Glenn , veteran editor of many Bond movies , proficiently pieces together the action scenes to maximize tension , while experienced director Andrew McLaglen tries to walk a tightrope between historical re-enactment and big starring blockbuster ... he makes a pretty good stab at it , but perhaps the end result may seem somewhat compromised for trying to keep a foot so firmly in both camps . Certainly the cinematography is uninspired workmanlike fare , and the costumes say more about 1980 than they do about 1943 . Do n't nitpick though , it 's good fun , with a cracking cast - I recommend it for an undemanding watch . Solid proponents of the MTV generation of movie making might want to stay clear .
 I 'm sure the closed-door boy-girl escapades are HOLLYWOOD , but the rest is based on fact . Excellent action adventure - - then - to my pleasure - I read that the advisors on the film were ORIGINAL PARTICIPANTS of the raid - - both sides .
 During World War II , German submarines were active in the Indian Ocean from mid-1942 and British intelligence in India believed that information relating to commercial ship movements to and from India was being leaked from a shipping office in Bombay to a German spy in Goa - a neutral Portuguese enclave on the western coast of India . The German master spy named Trompeter was resident in Goa and believed to be passing the shipping information to a German merchant ship Ehrenfels interned in Goa harbour . The shipping movements were then passed by a secret radio on the Ehrenfels to German submarines which then proceeded to use that information to locate and sink a large quantity of Allied shipping . Britain could not risk offending neutral Portugal by mounting an attack on Ehrenfels by a conventional British raiding force so the British special forces in India enlisted the support of the Calcutta Light Horse for the raid on Ehrenfels . The Calcutta Light Horse was a territorial unit composed of ageing British expatriates keen to serve their country despite their age and lack of physical fitness . `` The Sea Wolves '' is based on the bookBoarding Partyby James Leasor which provides an interesting but not exactly riveting account of the unconventional and very successful raid by the Calcutta Light Horse on a German ship in a neutral harbour . The Sea Wolves is a marvellous adventure movie with a fine cast that includes Gregory Peck , David Niven , Trevor Howard , Roger Moore , and Barbara Kellerman who plays the beautiful but deadly German spy Mrs Cromwell in Portuguese Goa . She did not appear in the book but she makes a fine addition to the movie . The tense action is leavened by nice touches of humor and a romance that develops between Barbara Kellerman and British special forces officer Roger Moore . I recommend this film highly . Put your feet up and enjoy it with your favourite drink close at hand .
 Truth really is stranger than fiction . This movie proves it . It took place in 1943 , but the documents were not declassified until 1978 . I 'm not surprised someone grabbed it for a movie
 This is another DVD I purchased as a Christmas gift for my husband . It is based on a true story with a fantastic cast doing a respectable job . Yes , it is not action-packed like the modern war movies are , but it is a part of history and one worth knowing about and seeing .
 Okay , so maybe these men were a bit older than the average troop , They may have some difficulty performing a Physicle training test . But they sure as hell got the job done , and that reader is what old is about .
 I have always watched the re-runs of this old movie and loved it . Was n't sure I could get it on DVD and was so happy that you have it.The service as usual was great
 This is n't the best Roger Moore non-007 movie -LRB- that honor IMO belongs to `` Ffolkes '' -RRB- but it is close to the top.An amazing cast including Gregory Peck , Roger Moore and David Niven star in this Hollywood version of an actual event.A group of retired military men take on a mission for Britain to destroy a ship in a neutral harbor which is alerting a lurking German U-Boat to Allied trade routes in an effort to disrupt commerce.The DVD is unfortunately a bare-bones release , but in an age when many great movies have yet to even see the light of day -LRB- Where Eagles Dare , Ffolkes , High Road to China -RRB- its great to have this classic in my DVD collection .
 In the vein of many buddy action movies like The Guns of Navarone , The Magnificent Seven , and The Dirty Dozen , The Sea Wolves takes the basic premise , a group of men working together to perform a mission , and adds a unique factor ... what if the men were senior citizens who have n't been in combat for over 40 years ? In early 1943 , German U-boats are sinking Allied ships left and right , killing the replacements and destroying badly needed supplies . British intelligence figures out the Germans are transmitting the location of the ships from a neutral port in Goa on the Indian coast . The only problem is that because of the neutral waters , the British ca n't send commandos in . Intelligence turns to the Calcutta Light Horse , veterans of the Boer War at the turn of the century , to stop the transmissions and destroy the German ships . Part of the fun of the movie is watching these veterans , well into their 60s and 70s by 1943 , getting ready and adjusting to a mission they 've been waiting years to do . The movie is patient in its pacing , but that 's part of the fun , allowing the storyline to develop along with the cast , but more about that later . The Sea Wolves blends some good laughs and enough action to appease most fans . If you 're a fan of `` men on a mission '' movies , this is pretty close to a sure thing!What sets this movie apart from being an average WWII adventure is the cast , from the leads all the way to the supporting characters . Gregory Peck heads the cast as Col. Lewis Pugh , a British Intelligence officer who must turns to his old comrades-in-arms when the special mission arises . Peck tries a British accent that goes in and out , but it 's Gregory Peck , the performance is good regardless . Taking a break from the Bond movies , Roger Moore plays Capt. Gavin Stewart , Peck 's right hand man who helps organize the mission . In a way , Moore is playing a toned down Bond here . Reuniting with Peck after the huge success of The Guns of Navarone 18 years earlier , David Niven is very good in a somewhat small role as Col. W.H. Grice , the leader of the remaining Calcutta Light Horse veterans . Niven and Peck are perfect in their scenes together . Trevor Howard in a small cameo-ish type part is Jack Cartwright , a veteran trying to avenge his son 's death in Burma with Moore 's help . Barbara Kellerman is perfectly sinister and beautiful as Mrs. Cromwell , a woman Stewart meets who may know more than she 's letting on . The best part of the supporting cast is seeing all the character actors as the members of the CLH including Kenneth Griffith , Patrick Macnee , Allan Cuthbertson , Percy Herbert , Donald Houston , Graham Stark , and Jack Watson among many others . They are n't given many lines , but just having them in the movie gives it an even bigger sense of credibility.And while the DVD looks great in its widescreen presentation -LRB- fullscreen is included too , but does anyone actually watch that version ? -RRB- , there 's nothing in terms of special features , not even a trailer . I know much of the cast has passed on , but an interview with Roger Moore would have been great here . Still , the movie is excellent on its own so do n't choose not to buy it just because of the lack of features . An excellent WWII adventure with a great cast , do n't miss The Sea Wolves ! And if you like this one , try The Wild Geese with some of the same cast and crew !
 I stumbled across `` The Sea Wolves '' in the Bargain Bin at Walmart in VHS before I found it at Amazon on DVD . I had just finished viewing the complete James Bond set , and I noticed that this title starred Roger Moore , in addition to Gregory Peck , David Niven , Patrick Macnee , and Trevor Howard . -LRB- And a multitude of great character actors . -RRB- So , I picked it up , and I 'm glad I did.The story is , in brief , about a WWII commando mission pulled off by a bunch of Boer War and WWI veterans who were working in British India in `` essential ' non-military jobs , keeping chemical plants and factories going to provide war materiel for the Allied effort . Their jobs are important , safe , and frustrating since they feel that they are not ` doing their part ' in the war . The mission they accept is critical , dangerous , and very complicated because of the politics of ` Neutrality '' practiced by non-combative countries like Portugal . Three German freighters have been ` interned ' in the neutral Portuguese port of Goa , and they are part of a spy network sending information to German U-Boats that then sink Allied cargo ships in the Indian Ocean . That the `` ragtag band of warriors '' will succeed is self evident from the beginning , but HOW they succeed is what makes this a good story . The `` HOW '' involves digging out German spies , bedroom murders , bribery of ` neutral ' politicians , and sexual intrigue ending in murder.Gregory Peck plays the confident , strong leader tasked with making it happen . Roger Moore plays the somewhat ` sleazy ' agent who does whatever has to be done to succeed , while managing to bed ` Mata Hari ' in the process . And David Niven plays the character he always seems to play , the war weary , highly competent older character who is always comes through in the end . Patrick Macnee plays an enigmatic explosives expert who is tasked with making , or breaking , the mission in the end.What sets this film apart is that it is based on a true story ; a saga that came to light as a result of the British version of the `` Freedom of Information Act '' that released extensive records of World War II missions in the late 60 's and early 70 's . It combines inspiring heroics , perfectly placed humor , and an exciting plot with believable characters and excellent casting to give us an enjoyable and engaging movie . I loved every minute , as I seem to in every movie I review ! -LRB- It might be that I do n't make it all the way through the ` stinkers ' ! -RRB- When this movie was made -LRB- In 1980 -RRB- , Gregory Peck was relatively late in his career , and he was well cast as the mission commander . Roger Moore , in the middle of his James Bond run , carried the Bond ` charisma ' over into this role . David Niven was getting up there in age , and it was evident that he strained to complete the film . -LRB- A tribute to his long history of professionalism -RRB- However , it is precisely the nature of the cast that made it one of my favorites.Since the early 90 's , we have been inundated with films about various Arab-Isreali conflicts , Kosovo , The Gulf Wars , and even flashbacks of Viet Nam . What differentiates `` The Sea Wolves '' is that this is one of the last of the ` genre ' that included actors of the age who not only experienced the reality of war -LRB- Having served with distinction in WWII and Korea -RRB- but also made no bones about the pride and patriotism that motivated them to serve . The Sea Wolves does n't showcase ` chicken ' actors like George Clooney who put on a uniform and pretend to play soldier and then feel qualified to interject their opinions about war and politics to anybody unfortunate to get in the way of their tirades . The film showcases men who lived through the hell of real war , did their best , and then got on with their lives.This is not meant to be a political statement , but the movie shows a multitude of the faces of war ; some exciting , some horrifying , and some just necessary . Watch it if you can .
 I love such a film .1 st , it is on protecting Empire root from German U-boot and based on real history .2 nd , on amature attack to neutral port belonging to Portugese . Is n't it UK style ? 3rd , many UK stars are in the film .
 THIS MOVIE WAS MORE DOCUMENTARY THAN IT WAS A WAR MOVIE DEALING WITH THE BRITISH SIDE OF WAR MOVIES SHOWING THEIRPART IN MILITARY WARFARE AND THEIR ACTIONS ...
 As stated I am a fan of these old WWII movies . Glad they are still available .
 A great war tme movie with two of the bestactors , Peck and Moore .
 One of the best wwll war movies , cast with some of the bestactors in hollywood .
 It brought me back to a time when sets were real , and not all computer generated . there was a silly plot line . If you liked the old 70s and 80s WWII films this is one that you should atleast see . I do n't think that I will watch it again though , but it was not a waste of time .
 Good to see so many of the old timers in one film.Many no longer with us but they will be missed .
 a good movie with some great stars . it contains dry british humor mixed with world war two subversive action by civilians .
 The actors were very good as well as the story line . I think it was a wonderful movie . Keep up the good work .
 Although just a bit north of &#34; Spaghetti Western &#34; quality , and somewhat hard to believe , this true story of actual happening 's , was quite enjoyable . I thought the intrigue portions to be just a little overdone , but is understandable , all things considered .
 A fine old Flick which , until I purchased this , I did n't own.I 've just been informed my Review required eight -LRB- 8 -RRB- more words .
 I love good old war movies and this is one of the best . Full of great actors , a really good story and well filmed .
 Its a good story well played out by the actors of little known war actions in the Indian Ocean Theater during WW2 . Besides drama and action humor tends to help in getting thru what at times are dull periods in the film . Its great for WW2 fans .
 This is by no means an action packed war movie . Instead , it is about a group of retirees from the Calcutta Light Horse , a regiment from India , who are recruited to a covert operation to sink German ships passing information to U boats in violation of neutrality . The regiment is one that had not seen action since the Boer War at the turn of the century ; now they are called to the colors again during WWII . The subtitle , `` Last Charge of the Calcutta Lighthorse '' , conjures up a mental image for me of a bunch of guys on horses charging ships . That is not what happens . They take the James Bond route instead.The geriatric commandos are eager to serve and do manage to accomplish their mission . They do encounter setbacks and problems and that is where the movie shines . They are assisted in their mission by Gregory Peck and Roger Moore , two people who are trained in the world of clandestine operations . It sounds silly but it works well.This is a fun movie and worth subsequent viewings .
 This review refers to the DVD -LRB- WB -RRB- edition of `` The Sea Wolves '' ... The neutral waters off Goa , a Portuguese colony in India , is the setting for this unusual but true war story.And what 's more unusual are the heroes of this dangerous mission.It is 1943 , and German merchant ships are relaying information to U-boats as to the whereabouts of Allied war vessels . The German merchants being in waters considered neutral are all but impossible to stop.Two officers -LRB- Gregory Peck/Roger Moore -RRB- of a unique British Military organazation , are assigned to the task of putting an end to these deadly exploits.They turn to a group of seniors who are veterans but have n't seen action in over 40 years . These guys spend most of their time trying to stay on their Polo ponies at their little country club . They are `` The Calcutta Light Horse '' . Most would give their right arms to see action again , and now they will have their chance ... Their mission . . to board the German Vessels and destroy them!Led by one of their own -LRB- David Niven -RRB- , they jump at the chance to help the war effort , and head fearlessly into danger , and face tense situations with bravery and humor and become heroes once again.The `` Sea Wolves '' is great war story , that is based on actual events , and will have you smiling and rooting for the good guys all the way through . And of course with Moore involved , you know there will be some romance as well!You ca n't go wrong with this cast , who only get better and better with age . Also included are Patrick MacNee and Trevor Howard.It was directed by Andrew McLaglen and based on the book `` Boarding Party '' by James Leasor.It was beautifully filmed on location in India.Warner Bros. has made a nice transfer to the DVD . The picture is clear and sharp and may be viewed in Widescreen , or a Standard format.The colors are good , the ocean sparkles as does Peck 's smile . The stereo surround sound is very good , although the dialouge is a little low at times , but clear and distinguishable for the most part . There are no Special features , but may be viewed with English or French subtitles.Spend some time with these dapper Gents , you 'll have fun doing it ... Lauriealso recommended : A Bridge Too Far
 This film is a throwback to the classic war films pre-Saving Private Ryan . Since that film , a very good one I might add , Hollywood has attempted to out-blood n ' gore itself with each new war movie . Well that 's certainly a part of war , possibly THE single most important part at the personal level of conflict , but it 's not necessary for a film to entertain . If all you want is to see suffering , spend a Friday night at any inner city ER . No , The Sea Wolves is something more . It tells the tale of a band of aged Boer War veterans enlisted by the British Special Operations Executive to conduct a clandestine raid on a German merchant ship transmitting intelligence to U-boats cruising the Indian Ocean . As is usually the case with Hollywood , the film takes some liberties with the actual event but it is quite entertaining nonetheless . David Niven is superb , as always . Gregory Peck 's role was equalling well done , if one can excuse the rather poor English accent that tends to fade in and out . The tongue-in-cheek , very British exchanges between he and Roger Moore are quite enjoyable . I had n't seen this movie in 20 + years and it is as entertaining as ever . I 'm happy to see that lesser known films like The Sea Wolves are making it onto DVD . Just do n't expect lots of body parts flying about or language that would make Mike Tyson blush .
 Gregory Peck , Roger Moore and David Niven are the lead actors in this true story having taken place in WW II in India and Goa . It is shot on location where it happened , giving great authenicity to the scenes and how they took place . I think just about every older English actor who has appeared in any war films is present here . This was one of the reasons I liked the film . A gathering of `` old '' friends in one place from the other films gives it credence as you know they are well trained , in a way . This is sort of like `` The Wild Geese '' , same cast of characters in the support roles . The print of the film in 1.85 to 1 letterbox is of great quality . The surround sound works well . While the subject matter of getting the sinking of ships stopped is serious , there are many very funny spots as the older men of the Light Horse get geared up for war after 40 some years . There is one especially tender moment when David Niven is shaving at 5am and his wife is worried about another woman . Both Gregory Peck and Roger Moore play their respective characters believably . Not sure why they did n't check one character out ...
 I first saw this film on HBO . I tuned in because two long-time favourites -LRB- Roger Moore & Patrick Macnee -RRB- were listed . I watched it over several times , bought it on VHS , and now own it on DVD.This is based on a true event in WWII , when the British were losing cargo to a U-Boat pack in the Indian Ocean . Since the problem stemmed from the neutral Portugese port of Goa , nothing ` official ' could be done . The Calcutta Light Horse , a group of retired British military , are recruited to do the impossible , and pulled it off . The event was declassified in 1980 , and the film was made . Most of the cast is portraying actual persons involved , as shown in the end credits.To play the ` past prime ' Light Horse members , the film recruited major names
 Recently , we read Roger Moore 's book `` My Word is my Bond '' and thanks to this excellent biography of all the work accomplished by Roger Moore , we became familiar with movies we had never seen by our favorite ... Bond , James Bond . So , we are trying to see all his films.In The Sea Wolves , Roger Moore stars with Gregory Peck , David Niven , Trevor Howard and Barbara Kellerman among many wonderful stars.The plot revolves around retired British military men who now form part of `` The Calcutta Light Horse , '' a club where they play games , drink , party , and reminisce about the days when they lived the action of war.Goa , a Portuguese colony , is India 's smallest state in terms of area and the fourth smallest in population . Located on the west coast of India , it is located in the region known as the Konkan . To the north we find Maharashtra , to the east and south Karnataka and to the west , the Arabian Sea . In his book , Roger Moore tells us that the film took place close to Christmas and they wanted to have a meal as they did back home , with turkey , stuffing , Christmas pudding and all the trimmings , so they set out to recreate an English meal in Goa ... to no avail.This film is based on a true story . In 1943 , German merchant ships used to gather information and sink Allied war vessels . Two British officers , masterfully played by Roger Moore and Gregory Peck are sent to Goa to search for clues as to how the information is relayed and to put a stop to the casualties . Roger Moore meets a woman and falls in love with her without realizing that she is dangerous to say the least.The design a plan to sink the German ships and they turn for help to the retired military men of The Calcutta Light Horse Club . These men ca n't wait to get into action and it is quite fun to see the preparation they undergo to get back in shape . Patrick Macnee of the series `` The Avengers '' is part of the team . At first we did not recognize him because he was missing his John Steed umbrella and hat , but the voice gave him away.As the movie progresses , the men learn that their mission entails destroying German ships and it is quite fun to see how delighted they are to get back into action after over 40 years of rest.Thanks to Roger Moore 's book , we also learn lots about the close relationship the actor had with both Gregory Peck and David Niven and how Niven discovers that he suffered from motor neurone disease because while he walked his daily routine , he could not lift his heel off the ground.The film is based on a great story and on real facts , the action is superb and the plot , interesting and filled with humor .
 This film is , as has been stated previously , a throwback to a lost era in film-making . The cast is generally superb , although some are underutilized -LRB- Patrick McNee in particular -RRB- . Interestingly , Barbara Kellerman was not the original choice for the female lead -LRB- according to Roger Moore 's recent biography -RRB- ; Diana Rigg was . This is not McLaglen 's best film -LRB- I think ffolkes is -RRB- , but it is enjoyable nonetheless . Strangely , my copy has a very soft soundtrack . I have to crank the sound or use the subtitles to understand the dialogue .
 This movie is a classic . Gregory Peck , David Nivon and Roger Moore play wonderful roles . The movie is based on the true story of the members of the Horse Brigade . They were in the Boar War which was 1900 . Gregory Peck and Roger Moore are approached by David Nivon . These men are more then willing to help in winning the war with Germany during the 1940 's . I 'm almost betting this was one of David Nivon 's last movie , you can tell he 's aged in this movie . If you want some history on WWII and how men who were past the age of fighting fought for the greater good for the world . Great Movie -- I highly recommend it .
 Just rounding out my DVD collection with some military and sifi stuff that you can drag out and watch time after time ... . This is a great movie and definitely a keeper ... Great price and great selection on movies ... Fast shipping ... . What can you say ... Amazon and it 's dealers are great . . I live in a rural area and have the world for a shopping mall thanks to them ... . Not often do I applaud technology but I have to here ...
 The DVD came on time and in perfect order . The movie is very good . As a movie buff of the older WWII shows , this movie is great and at the top of my viewing choices.I am so glad that this movie is available at a reasonable cost.Tomas Sandoval
 A telling of a true event of WWII . There are not many movies that tell of the India theater of the war . Well done for a 1980 made movie .
 Entertaining movie with good supporting actors . Nice to see a true story brought to the screen . David Niven has always been one of my favorite actors to watch .
 A great yarn , capturing fantastic heroics . The story is easy to follow and has some great twists along the way . The guys who did this for real are absolute legends
 This was a great movie reminding me of The Guns of Navarone.Will watch this one again & again ... . Alan
 Received product in excellent condition . It 's dual sided DVD , one side suitable for conventional TV , the other side for wide screen TV .
 This is a great action flick of WWII without relying on car chases and explosions , -LRB- until later -RRB- . The fact that it is based on facts make it all the more interesting . I will have to admit that my OCD did affect the movie a little . Those of you who have served in the military , and a few others , will know what a `` Gig Line '' is . These are former military professionals , some officers and BRITISH at that ! The significance is this , no career military man , no officer , no British officer !! whether civilian clothes or not , would be seen in public with such a crooked Gig Line as David Niven has in this movie.That 's it . My only criticism but it stuck in my head and I ca n't get it out .
 this is a great movie and about true story , great actor , great movies , about hard times , in great setting
 well acted and great addition to my WW II collection for research . I and my family are Nazi concentration camp survivors
 Great movie.Lots of old , but familiar Hollywood actors . Wow . Missed this movie when it first debuted . Thank you for making it available .
 My husband and I found this to be an entertaining war time adventure , encouraging to us retired folk , as it is about just that , retired military men given the opportunity to do something useful for their country . All-star cast of `` old guys '' who seem surprisingly up to their assigned task . Conveniently , many of the bad guys seem to be a little older , as well , so the heroes are n't as mismatched in this conflict as they might have been . I would have thought it just a nice yarn , but for the comments on the box about it being based on a true story , only declassified in 1978 .
 `` The Sea Wolves '' should be a classic . Based on a true event with real lead characters , it provides high adventure and excitement from some of the best actors of all time . You will not be disapointed with `` The Sea Wolves '' and you get it at a very low price with quick delivery from Amazon ! I watched it the same day it arrived .
 During the first 11 days of March 1943 , German U-boats sank 12 Allied ships in the Indian Ocean . The Germans had 3 ships killing time in the neutral harbor of Goa . As a condition of being allowed to stay in the harbor , the Portugal government removed their radio transmission equipment . However the Germans managed to have a secret transmitter hidden on one of their ships and they were guiding German U-boats against Allied ships in the Indian Ocean . Their information on the allied ships was incredibly accurate , and they were incredibly deadly.Because of Portugal 's neutrality the British could not do anything by force , but at the current rate of losing 1 ship a day they had to risk action secretly . Col. Lewis Pugh and Capt. Gavin Stewart -LRB- played by Gregory peck and Roger Moore respectively -RRB- went to the area to snoop around and find the spies and determine which German ship was transmitting the information . Once they had information the British government still could not act on it , but they remembered that 1,400 miles away in Calcutta was a source of possible help . A group of civilian bankers , merchants and solicitors were the remains of an old territorial unit called The Calcutta Light Horse . Col. W. H. Grice -LRB- played by David Niven -RRB- headed up the Light Horse group.Old and retired they might be but each and every one of these men would eagerly give their all in service of their country in the war and were eager to volunteer for the mission . The only information they were given was that there was a chance they could help their country but would have no support , recognition , or pay for their help - and the danger was great . To the man , they eagerly volunteered without a second thought . Because of the brave and daring efforts of these men , many ships and lives were saved.This appears to be a story based on an actual event . Gregory Peck is fairly old in this movie , but still very handsome . Roger Moore 's character is just like his 007 roles - but in this as in his Bond role I just do n't buy him as a ladies man . -LRB- I guess I find it hard to believe any woman would find him so appealing , as he seems to be so boring to me -RRB- . A good story -LRB- even with Roger Moore -RRB- - and one for the British to certainly be proud of .
 I love the actors in this movie , plus the story , so much went on during WW2 that we are just now finding out . David Niven always seems to play for the most part a tongue in cheek character . The story moves , has tension , action and no foul language , holy smoke batman , they made it thru a movie without filth or porn . Its a war story , a good one , entertaining enough I bought it . I only buy what I know I will watch again and again over the years .
 This was a very entertaining move , kept my interest and was excellent for a trip on a plane . I may watch it again sometime .
 I bought this used in a video store today and the tape freezed up on me 2/3 of the way thru the movie . I am now ordering the DVD on Amazon because I opened -LRB- read
 `` Mayor Cupcake '' is a genuinely refreshing movie . In an era of copycat films , this film stands apart . I give this film an extra star for originality , and a unique view.Happily , this film does not have violence copied from the films of Quentin Tarantino . Nor does it contain vampires from the Twilight films . Nor does it have nude bedroom scenes.What this film does have is a subtly understated response to political corruption in small town America . Bridgeville is an actual town in the state of Delaware , and it really does have an Apple Scrapple Festival and a World Championship Punkin Chunkin . But Bridgeville , in this story , also has an enormous deficit caused by excessively greedy and corrupt town officials.An unusual set of circumstances puts Mary Maroni -LRB- Lea Thompson -RRB- into the position of Mayor Cupcake . Mary is a `` cupcake maker , '' but the title Mayor Cupcake gives a misleading impression of a soft approach to the town 's problems . What transpires is anything but soft . And with the help of and creative input from dozens of previously ignored and downtrodden citizens , the possibility of solving the town 's fiscal problem transforms from a dream into a working plan.The acting is marvelous by Lea Thompson , Judd Nelson , Maddie Deutch , Zoey Deutch , and the rest of the cast . Excellent casting in this film makes even the smallest roles memorable . `` Mayor Cupcake '' is a film that the entire family can -- and should -- see together . Lots of little touches add up to a very entertaining , heartwarming and uplifting film .
 Clean , funny movie the whole family will enjoy . Has Lea Thompson & Judd Nelson . Wish there were more of this kind of movie .
 This is just so cute , every one would like this , Good clean story . The whole family & friends will be happy you asked them to see it .
 Another good DVD to watch . some people can write a book on nothing , I ca n't and wo n't . All I can say is I liked it , I think you will to .
 Nothing too complicated , but sometimes that is what you are looking for and in this case , the good guys come out on top without too many surprises . Looking for something simple and light hearted , look no further .
 I love the L Word and would recommend this to anyone but the bonus material may not be worth the purchase . The best part of the DVD is to listen to the commentary on the 3rd disc . Kate -LRB- Shane -RRB- Liesha -LRB- Alice -RRB- and Erin -LRB- Dana -RRB- are freakin funny . If you have a DVD recorder save your money because like I say the extra 's are not worth the $ 45 that it 's going for now . I only am giving it 4 stars because the girls are hot .
 Ca n't jump in with a review of this ground-breaking series without first pointing out that Amazon Editorial Reviewer Ryan Boudinot needs to get fired . Tina and Bette do n't share a father , or else they would n't be lovers , you careless moron . Also , `` to Tivo '' is not a verb -LRB- I Tivo , he Tivoes -RRB- , and your remark about men who want to fast forward to the lesbian sex scenes is offensive to just about everyone . Do n't you have a boss who is paying attention?The show is terrific . When is season 3 available ?
 The beauty of this show is that it is so in line with the modern world . As humans get closer to cloning we get further from the need to put up with men . No more bald heads snoring beside us . No more Bushes dreaming of emasculating the Middle East . Apart from our plumbing and custodial needs , men are more or less superfluous . This is something that Michel Houellebecq understands -LRB- see `` The Elementary Particles '' -RRB- . And so does Russell David Harper . His novel/memoir `` Bald '' is narrated by a man who meditates wisely on his predicament . At one point he even fantasizes about becoming a woman -- clearly the only way to live in the modern world . But in the end he can not
 The BF loved it ! Great spur of the moment gift for a great price compared to the usual $ 35 for a season set .
 I watched the first episode of season 1 and was hooked . After episode 1 season 1 I ordered the remaing seasons and was not disappointed . This show had me hooked and my only real complaint I can make without giving anything away is that there are n't anymore episodes to watch . I was quite surprised especialy since the L word is n't the `` usual '' type of show I would watch .
 Finally a story line that the other half of the world can relate to . Very enjoyable , ca n't get enough of the story .
 My purchase arrived earlier than expected which surprised me a lot ! I live in American Samoa , so it usually takes a long time to get stuff shipped here . Kudos !! I purchased the item for a friend , who absolutely loves the show and wanted a collection . She was also extremely happy with the shipping time as well . Item arrived in good condition .
 I love this season of the L Word and can not wait to get the next seasonIt arrived very quickly in the mail , before the due date of arrival ! It was safe and sound in it 's box and I was very pleased with it .
 The item was in great shape when it arrived , and was shipped in a timely manner . I would buy from this seller again .
 I had heard about the L Word but had never seen an episode until I switched cable providers . After watching 3 or 4 episodes I realized that this is not just some show about Lesbians but was in fact a very well written & acted show about relationships -LRB- in this case obviously between lesbians -RRB- . The show is very well done with drama , humor and suspense . I liked what I saw so much that I sent for the first five seasons and ca n't wait until the 6th season comes out from Amazon .
 The L word complete second season was very good . I enjoyed watching it . All of the characters are very talented.The only story line I did n't like was Jenny 's . Her story line is so boring and kinda on the crazy side . Dana , and Bette , are the most enthusiastic actor 's that makes this show a success , they are the ones who give it that extra boost .
 The writing , acting , cinematography and plot treatment in Season 2 are as solid as they were in Season 1 if not better . The writing remains creative even though at times a tad preachy , but thanks to stellar performances from an outstanding cast , you wo n't even notice the occasional feminism-thumbing dialogues.I was especially impressed with how well this season handled socially sensitive issues like infidelity , marital reconciliation , miscarriage , coming out , sexual inertia , gay parenthood , dismissive partners , and damaged parent/offspring relationships without exaggeration or simplification . I was also glad to see that sex scenes remained artsy , tasteful and without grave exploitation a la Queer as Folk.It also bears to mention that the soundtrack is very interesting and eclectic.Even though the show is about a group of gay women living in Los Angeles and their lives and entanglements , it addresses universal topics to which we all could relate . The lines of gender , sexuality and time period are very blurred into realism enough to make this show relative for men and women , gay or straight , 100 years down the road.Highly recommended .
 I love this show ! It has all the cheese and melodrama of a soap , but with interesting social commentary and a great soundtrack .
 The L Word was back for a Second Season On Showtimes Lineup , which I was very glad because every episode in the 1st season was so great and i have watched them so many times on The DVD set . Now finally The 2nd Season is released and i cant wait to see all the Season 2 episodes over agian . The 2nd Season had great plots , a new girl , and other great events during the season.If you have never seen the show it is excellent if you are gay or straight , the series is an excellent drama.Pre order your copy today you will not regret it i know i am not ! By The way The new season on SHOWTIME is really great Too . Showtime you have done it agian , First Queer as Folk which is now sadly ending , and Now The L Word , Good For you Showtime You know Groundbreaking Original Series !
 Fun episode with several heartwarming story arcs . There is a 2-3 minute weird Jenny dream sequence which can be easily fast-forwarded through . Actually , it would be great if someone did a re-edit where all the Jenny dream sequences are edited out of the show . I 'm pretty sure the show would be better as a result.Worth a watch !
 I absolutely love this show ! I think it speaks to women in a lot of different ways ! I truly love to sit down and just watch these shows back to back ! Excellent choice !
 I love this season !!! Tina is pregnant and tries to reconcile with Bette . It 's so intense !!!
 This is a great show . I am hooked . I am so glad I got this so I could catch up on all the previous season shows . I highly recommend this show to everyone I know !
 Showtime , who produced the long running , honest series Queer as Folk , continues to break new ground in the GLBT world with the amazing series , The L Word . Focusing on a group of women friends living in LA , this show is not about being lesbian , rather it as about life , love , and relationships that span the sexual spectrum.It 's difficult to build on the success of the first season , and season 2 for the most part starts out slowly . Tina has retained a high power attorney and is suing for support , while hiding her pregnancy from Bette . Bette is spiraling deeper into her own private hell . Jenny moves in with Shane and Shane meets a new girl , Carmen , who quickly impacts both their lives . Dana is still with the overbearing Tanya , but has trouble resisting her attraction to a lovestruck Alice . Kit seems to be the only one doing well , as she is able to purchase the Planet . As the season progresses , things get darker . More about Jenny 's traumatic past is being revealed through flashbacks , Bette is forced to watch Tina with another woman , who coincedently is the woman who rejected her grant , causing her problems at the CAC . Ollie , Kit and Bette 's father , is dying . Shane attempts to fight her unexpected love for Carmen , who is dating Jenny . What brings some light to this darker season is the interplay between Dana and Alice . They are sweet , sexy , and just so damn adorable together.The usual panapoly of celebrity guest stars appear , including a fabulous Camryn Mannheim . Others incluide Sandra Bernhard , Kelly Lynch , Melissa Rivers , and Arianna Huffington . Overall , this season is solid . It sets up for an interesting third season , and the addition of Carmen is like a breath of fresh air . This season may have been darker , but then again , so is life , which is why this show feels so real .
 I love this series and I think it 's portrayal of love and life in this group of friends is more in depth than any show to date . That being sad I think most of the reviewers who saw this show were put off by the lesbian love scenes but I 'd have to say the love scenes are tasteful and this show is n't for children or anyone who is uncomfortable when watching soft core sex scenes .
 Thank u for the season of the l word I love this show I was amazed that the dvds looked as if someone never touched them . I so appreciate the great delivery time I ordered Saturday or Sunday and I got my mail on Friday .
 Do n't get me wrong , this is a great show . But Gloria Steinem describing the puritans as coming to this country to `` escape religious extremism '' was absurd . They did n't come here to `` escape '' religious extremists , they came here because they * were * religious extremists . They wanted a place where they could be extreme & practice their extreme puritanical vision , they were n't some enlightened crowd who were being persecuted by , say , puritans . I 'm shocked that the writers of this show actually wrote that little nugget of BS and even more shocked that Gloria Steinem agreed to say it .
 My partner and I love this show . Not only are the actors pleasant to look at but it deals with real relationship issues that come up in a same sex relationship . It is graphic , so if that bothers you do not purchase .
 As a lesbian , I find this show to be extremely hot but that 's definitely not the only reason why this show is good . It brings a lot of variety to the TV screen and it 's something that I had never experienced before watching it . I had an emotional connection with the characters since the first episode , but this season in particular is where most of the characters develop into who they truly are ; it 's them finding themselves . While there is still plenty of that to come in further seasons , season 2 is especially great because it 's no longer awkward and it 's a little more risky , so it gets more intense and exciting , but you 're still not too comfortable so your attention is still easily grasped . In my opinion , this is the best season of the entire series so enjoy it while it lasts . I 'm not saying the others are n't good , but everything we all love about any show is in season 2
 Enjoyed watchin on tv good story lines keep u griped to what 's happening next and has girl humour as well , enjoyed every season
 Another great season . I really need to re-watch this because it is has been to long I ca n't write a proper review .
 This show is amazing !!! The stories are all great and I love how they all tie into one another . Everyone can relate to at least one character in this show ! I love the girls , and the way they love and hate each other ! It is definitely worth the time to watch especially if you liked the first season or even if you didnt see the first season !
 Now when I get bore on the weekend ... I can watch all the season ... I 'm waiting on season 5 to complete my my L Word world . This is a new timer . . soo I 'm still learning . I love That Jenny ... I can understand Y she snaped
 I loved Season 1 to pieces ... until Season 2 began . Season 2 really gets to the core of who these characters on the screen really are . The story lines improve , and the writing is better . The actors are more comfortable with their characters , and the overall change is just so much easier to watch.The true highlight of Season 2 ? They cut way back on Jenny 's flashbacks throughout the season until they are FINALLY eliminated . I ca n't tell you how happy I am that they finally got the picture !
 Is this show interesting to watch ? For sure . Is it entertaining ? Yes . Is the season too short ? Absolutely . I was only disappointed that there were n't more episodes for this 2nd season . I think 20 episodes would be more appropriate . However , this shows how addicting this show can be to watch . It is definitely on the same high entertainment level as : NiptuckSex in the CityI think the producers would make more money on this show if they filmed more episodes . Believe me people would buy and watch more episodes of this per season.The characters were interesting to watch . The whole thing with the new film maker -LRB- One of Jenny 's roommates -RRB- was a good story plot.I think Jenny comes off like a literary snob . Then again I think her bad childhood might have something to do with this according to the story.Bette should get less stressed and try to be more sensitive to Tina 's needs . I was also surprised at Tina 's sexual escapades in season 2 . Oh well , this is why The L Word continues to be entertaining . L-word is definitely a must-see .
 Having watched the first season of The L Word , I must say that this second season definitely did not disappoint . It was a great follow up to the 1st season , with adequate character development , good storylines and just enough new faces.The stories may revolve around lesbian women , but the situations are true of any person living in today 's world.On a personal note , I think Shane 's character struck a chord with me because I too was a bit of a commitment-phobe . When I finally let myself be vulnerable , I realised what a wonderful thing love can be . PLus , she 's hot !
 At last , a show that is about lesbians for lesbians . The show is well written , well acted , and the best production values . I can not reccomend this show enough . Absolutely love it .
 Even if you 've already seen it on TV , it is so much fun to watch over and over again . The stories will suck you in soap-opera style , so do n't expect to strecth these eps over a long amount of time!Jennifer Beals ' acting steals the show ; she conveys her feelings without saying a word , she 'll break your heart in every episode . Amazingly , everyone else lives up to the surprisingly high bar that she sets.High Points : - All-star guest stars
 The worst TV theme song I 've ever experienced was from K9 & Company , an early-80s spin-off from the British science fiction series Doctor Who that never made it past its pilot episode.The second worst TV theme song I 've ever experienced is from The L Word Season 2 , by a band called Betty.But while the K9 & Company theme and title sequence is so horrible that it 's roll-on-the-floor funny -LRB- it can be found on the web , if you want a good laugh -RRB- , the L Word theme makes me want to wretch with disgust . It 's truly embarrassing to behold . As are the tacky graphics , full of the cheap-looking video effects you might expect to see on any High School TV class production from the early/mid 1990s . Fortunately , watching on DVD , one can easily skip over the title sequence . Unfortunately , Betty have also done a lot of the music for the episodes themselves , as well as making some stomach-churning live appearances in the show . So , they 're hard to avoid . Although , in one nightclub sequence early in the season , it is kind of unintentionally funny watching a bunch of actors bopping around pretending to groove to the Betty beat . But it does kinda ruin what was supposed to be the dramatic climax of the episode.I still like this show a lot . It 's still one of the best-written , most intelligent and engaging series out there right now , not to mention all the hot lesbian love scenes . And I 'm enjoying Season 2 as much or maybe more than Season 1 . But I hope Betty disappear in Season 3 .
 I wish televison whether the mainstream or basic cable was n't so bland and boring . The -LRB- major -RRB- tv/cable networks need to liven things up a bit . I find shows like `` The L Word '' much more interesting than what that aging dinosaur called `` ER '' . Unfortunately I do n't have the money to afford the premium cable shows so I have to wait for `` The L Word '' to come out on dvd . I loved the first season . It was so refreshing from the bland and boring garbage on regular tv/cable . I just finished watching season two of `` The L Word '' . Despite that misfire of a theme song which I think is absolutely hideous , I enjoyed season two as much as the first season . However season two is n't without its flaws . I did not enjoy the plot with Shane and Jenny 's new roommate Mark . Another flaw ... too much Toxic Tonya . Hideously annoying character . I did though love the tumultuous storyline between Tina and Bette . I wish though Tina was a bit more assertive . Carmen and Shane were absolutely hot . Tons of chemistry there . I also dug the character development in Jenny who actually did not annoy the heck out of me through out season two.I am so looking forward to seeing season three on dvd . I hope there will be some decent bonus footage unlike on the first two seasons .
 I watched the first DVD all at once in one night , I could not stop , the characters are so realistic and the stories so touching , I would love to see it running in countries like Italy in order to propagate the concept of tolerance .
 I do n't watch a lot of TV , but I 've really enjoyed watching Season 2 of the L Word . -LRB- I never saw Season 1 ... it was n't available online when I started watching . -RRB- It was fairly easy to jump into the show not knowing the back story or all the characters . It took me a few episodes before I could keep Bette and Dana straight -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- because they sort of look alike to me , but now they look distinctly different to me.I feel obligated to share that I am not a lesbian , but still really enjoy the show . It has some gratuitous sex scenes , but nothing I 'm uncomfortable with It 's definitely a `` Mature Audiences '' rating . I enjoy the show because it deals with relationships and lifes from a female perspective ; not just a lesbian perspective , and it 's so rare to come across a show or movie that is purely for women . I 'm excited to watch the rest of the seasons . You do n't have to be gay to like the show as some of the reviews make it seem .
 This is absolutely the funniest , sexiest and most intriguing season of the L Word Series ... Its the season when Sole Mates Alice n ' Dana build a relationship , Carmen and Shane have sexy love affairs then finally discover they belong together , Bette n Tina divorce , then reconcile , then start their family with baby Angelica , Jenny faces her fears and begins to find her voice , Kit gets the greatest gift-a new beginning and the main reason why I love this season is because its the last few performances of Ossie Davis ! But I must say Season 4 was breathless I now own all seasons ! Ca n't wait til Season 6 sad thats its coming to an end . I am however writing a screen play for a Black Lesbian Drama series ... maybe you all will writie a review for that . . 1love
 At first , this series makes you -LRB- or most people , anyway ? -RRB- feel a little like Alice in Wonderland . Everything that 's in the `` regular '' world is transplanted into the realm of the lesbian lifestyle . We have
 The writers went in weird directions this season ... The whole room mate video taping them and becoming obsessed with Shane . I did n't like Helena during this season but had grown to like her later on . I do n't like the fact that they barely mention Marina but the L word is known to do that -LRB- IE Papi -RRB-
 Such an improvement from season one . I just love having the l word on dvd ... * pausing * ... and * rewind * ... then pause again ; -RRB-
 If you 're an L Word follower , then this addition to your collection will be a plus .
 Yet another season of awesome women leading some very interesting and humorous lives . The second season is going to hook you in so hard that you will need The L word all day and all night .
 I enjoyed this season much more thoroughly than the first . Its alot more darker , dramatic , touching and yet , at the same time alot more humourous.Shame the box is so large for 4DVDs only . What happened to the slimline boxsets ?
 I purcahsed Season 1 of The L Word on a whim after passing it in a store one day , and recalling both the controversy and glowing reviews surrounding it when it was first screened on television . As a straight young woman of 19 who has had very little contact with homosexual people throughout her life , I found it to be a lovely surprise - a refreshing combination of great acting from a well-rounded cast , characters that were sufficiently fleshed out in order for the viewer to grow to care about them , and clever writing . I found that I was able to relate to these characters and their trials and tribulations despite our differences in sexual orientation . Perhaps most importantly , Season 1 of The L Word contained the perfect amount of both humour and poignance - a quality that I love in all of my favourite TV shows.Having said that , it 's sad to say that I ca n't say the same about Season 2 . While I will most likely support and watch this show for however long it continues to be on air , Season 2 takes a strange turn . Many of the characters that I originally supported and in whom I invested my interest suddenly appear to be caricatures , resorted to being used simply for laughs -LRB- note
 Though season 2 is darker than the 1st season , I really liked it . Bette 's struggle to deal with the fact that she is no longer the `` big dog '' in her relationship , in fact realizing that she could have effectivitly ruined her relationship with Tina for good , made this season riveting.After being rejected by Cheri , Shane meets Carmen , a woman who refuses to put up with Shane 's heartbreaker additude . Shane and Carmen have fantastic chemistry and I never tire of seeing them on my TV screen!Alice and Dana struggles to deal with their feelings for each other gives the show some laughs and made me smile when they finally `` came out '' to each other and their friends as a couple.After Marina leaves -LRB- So so sad . Come back Karina ! -RRB- , Jenny starts to look at her life and her relationships with a more somber eye . Though I found Jenny 's `` dreamscapes '' tedious , I thought Jenny 's gradual breakdown was very well written and realistic.The second season of The L Word leaves you wanting more . I ca n't wait till the 3rd season comes out in October !
 We 've come a long way since the divine Sylvia Sims and Dirk Bogarde shook up the entertainment world with the movie Victim - the first ever powerful challenge to the madness of the homosexuality laws.The fact that this series even exists is very reassuring , and on the whole , it has been exceptionally well done . I tend to think that Season One stuck in people 's minds more as it was still new and relatively groundbreaking , but Season Two is in no way inferior.While this is not a complaint , I have always found this to be a visually idealized lesbian group , as I live in a town with a major LGBT community , and I would say 80 % of the lesbians have short hair . Two of 'em are good plumbers , too . Still , lesbian actress Guinevere Turner -LRB- Go Fish , Chasing Amy , American Psycho , Preaching To The Perverted , Beyond Lovely -RRB- is classically feminine with ` big hair ' , so the girls are certainly out there.Nice job .
 Very good show if you do n't have a closed mind . For those that do n't like lesbian content do n't watch it .
 Great series ! I have loved every moment watching it & at the end of each season ... waiting anxiously for the new seasons release . It is the complex friendships & interconnected web of lives spun masterfully together . It is such a treat to have a series with finally predominantly lesbian characters . I really enjoy Kit , Bettes straight sister & owner of the planet . Lots of lesbians complain that it is n't really reflective of the lesbian community as a whole - in terms of the body beautiful femininity , but frankly I enjoy looking at this gorgeous cast . -LRB- sorry , not to PC I know -RRB- I would tell any collector that this is a must have addition to your home viewing experience .
 love this show . After the real L word , being able to come back to this seems like a more mature direction . Cant wait to see where the author takes the next series .
 This is a down to earth show , -LRB- although not for everyone - due to language -RCB- but close to real life . I recommend &#34; The L Word &#34; to all adults .
 Very fast to receive , very good quality , great to work with , very fast and easy pay , and not that expensive .
 I 'm straight but i freaking love this show it 's so amazing ! great storyline and everything , and Shane makes a straight female wan na go gay that 's how hot she is . . i recommend the show but if you do n't like shows that have &#34; lots of sex &#34; then this show may not be for you , it does have quite a bit of sex in the show but it 's pretty good .
 I became interested in this genre back when I saw the movie `` High Art '' . Since then I have also enjoyed `` Fun '' and `` The Incredibly True Adventures of Two Girls in Love '' . The lesbian theme and especially lesbian love stories are quite compelling , which is probably why I enjoy this series so much . While the girls are pretty and the stories very sexy , I must say that there is some virtue in quantity over quality , and that is much in abundance here . Very worthwhile as a collection .
 Found the DVD 's to be in excellent condition upon arrival . Content of DVD 's very enjoyable and interesting . Charactors are complex and intelligent . Looking forward to Season 3 .
 It lets people who do not live in the gay and lesbian world have an insight on what we go thru . See all they see is two people wanting to be with the same sex . but these series show that we are human to . I give this two thumbs way up .
 Season One was awesome and amazingly , Season Two was just as good -LRB- which is not an easy feat ! -RRB- Bette showed us she was human , Al and Dana were hilarious and Shane and Carmen melted the screen whenever they were together ... The only slightly annoying parts were anything related to Jenny 's writing scenes and Tina -LRB- did she go crazy ? -RRB- . By the way , Erin Daniels , Leisha and Kate M seem like hilarious people - I loved their commentary on one of the episodes!So ... when is season 3 coming out ?
 JUST WAN NA SAY THAT I AM LIKE OBESSED WITH THIS SHOW , I THINK IT IS JUST SOOO GREAT.JENNIFER BEALS , LAUREL HOLLOMAN , LEISHA HAILEY , ERIN DANIELS , KATHERINE MOENNIG , MIA KIRSHNER , AND NEW COMERS SARAH AND RACHEL ALL DO A GREAT JOB WITH THEIR CHARACTERS.THEY DESERVE EMMYS ESP . JENNIFER AND LAUREL !! I HOPE THIS SHOW KEEPS GOING FOREVER ! IT IS JUST THE GREATEST AND I WILL KEEP WATCHING TIL ITS GONE
 Great season!I bought it because this is the cheapest I 've even seen it sold.thanks !
 The DVD set was in excellant condition , and there were no scratches or dirt on the product . Everything was sent in a timely manner and was in perfect condition ! Thanks !
 The only reason I got this was to originally see how Alice and Dana came to be a hot couple on the L Word . Not for some perverted reasons ! The Helena/Bette feud is almost enough to put on Celebrity Deathmatch . Erin Daniels and Leisha Hailey pull off incredible performances as the hottest couple in this season , only in this season . From ` Rules of Un-Attraction ' to the episode `` Loud and Proud '' , they are more than worth the final total.They kill off the relationship in the next season and they kill off Dana just when she 's recovering from Cancer . That was the worst mistake Elaine Chaiken ever made . Do n't even bother renting the next season or watching showtime . Just get this and that will be all you need for loving and living with the L Word .
 You do not have to be `` L '' to love this show ! It is addictive . The acting is perfect , and the writers do a great job . I am hooked . I ca n't wait until season 4 .
 Another great deal from Amazon !! Ca n't wait for the 3rd season ! When it 's out Amazon will be the 1st place that I go to get it !
 After watching season 1 , i had to get season 2 however i didnt have region 1 player . So i went and brought a multi region player , just to watch season 2 . I have to say im addicted and cant wait for season 3 . sad as it is i stayed in all weekend to watch it . Keep em coming !!!!!
 I loved this the second season of this groundbreaking show ... I found myself laughing , crying and gasping with shock all in the same episode !! The only slightly negative aspect of this 4-DVD set is that the special features are pretty short ... I would love to have seen a gag reel , some behind-the-scenes stuff and longer interviews with the cast -LRB- especially Jennifer Beals !! -RRB- However , the L-word Balderdash feature is hilarious !! Overall , great value for money !
 I think I ordered this DVD set in 1987 . I was glad to finally receive it and it was a lot of fun to watch , definitely worth the price you pay and you got ta ' love Amazon 's super quick delivery.The 2nd season did n't seem as funny as the 1st to me , more dramatic , things kept on hitting the fan for the main stars . The acting is impressive , and that 's an understatement . I do n't know this Betty band that people keep talking about , the music was so-so . But hearing echo 's of people 's names in scenes was different and a bit distracting , as was the volume of music , which makes you miss a couple of lines here and there.Also , you ca n't count the F-bombs in this season - it shot up above the cool meter and went in to the `` I ca n't think of a good adjective here , so I 'll swear '' section . I was also surprised about the number of times actors slammed their laptops down . How many screens were sacrificed in the making of this show?To sum up
 I wish this was still on air . Me and my girl love this , there are actuality hot chicks . We like love Helena and Carmen they can come over anytime
 Not sure why they ever stopped filming these . Great Show !! Not just for lesbians , a good watch for all . Great story lines .
 A show you can watch over and over again . You 'll fall in love with the characters and will have to watch all of the seasons .
 This is a fun series to watch at home with your wife/gf . It 's kind of hokey but sort of fun . The characters grow on you and after watching a few episodes you find that you are cheering for them . So if you buy the DVD and have the right attitude -LRB- low expectations -RRB- you might enjoy it . Have fun !
 I love the show and the quality of the cd 's . It 's great ! My girlfriend loves the show as well.I 'll be buying more of these shows in the future !
 Some of the situations are so realistic you find yourself really feeling for the characters . You fall in love with certain characters and may learn to despise others . You get incredibly wrapped up in the show and can not wait to see more !
 I enjoy this show , it 's quite entertaining . Stories are good , actresses are good , just all around good tv , especially since I do n't pay for the premium channel it was on .
 I LOVE THIS SHOW . SAD IT ENDED BUT IT WAS WELL WORTH THE PURCHASE . HAS A GREAT STORY LINE BUT IT 'S NOT FOR CHILDREN !
 Do n't be fooled by the theme of this show
 I have to admit , I started watching The L Word because I 'm a guy who was channel surfing and I saw lesbians . Of course , anyone who I tell about me liking the show immediately assumes that I watch it as pornography , and that 's sort of what I was looking at it as in the first place.But by the end of the first episode , I was hooked like no pornography could aspire to hook someone . The L Word is n't about lesbian sex . Does it contain some ? Yeah . Do I like seeing it ? Ca n't deny it . But the show is largely character and plot-driven , and if you try to watch it with only shallow feelings in your heart , you will be sorely disappointed . Every character is unique , with their own flaws , misgivings and uncertainties , and it really makes them all very watchable . There are shows that have some characters that , you know , they 're okay , but you find yourself wishing for them to get back to one of the more entertaining characters . Not so with The L Word . Every interaction and every character is presented in a very fresh and original way , so that you never feel like they 're reusing material and you 're always glued to the TV screen to find out what happens next.My greatest regret about moving out of my parents ' house is that I ca n't afford Showtime so that I can watch season 3 .
 This season delves more deeply into the lives of the L.A framily . Ca n't really put my finger on what I feel about this second season . It was more serious than the first , which in a way is a good thing -LRB- not all lesbians have fun ALL of the time lol -RRB- but also it kind of took something away . The spirit , the ` network ' if you will . The friends have kind of gone seperate ways -LRB- Shane and Jenny are practically best buds , which I LOVE by the way -RRB- Alice and Dana become lovers , Bette is on her own for the most part , which I 'm glad of , and Tina is with THE biggest div ever lol.I liked the season , loved it infact , but I was expecting more I think . Season 1 was so huge , so awesome , I was hoping that the same level of greatness would be carried through . I think this has n't been realised in season 2 . The success of the show may have clouded people 's judgement . It 's now being written ` trendily ' for trends sake , because they knew they got it down perfectly in season one , only then they were n't trying to impress . It was real then , natural . Now it seems somewhat ` performed ' for the audience , giving them what they want and trying to get the gay world right out there . Slighty tright and self apreciating.That makes me sound like I do n't like the show anymore , which is far from the truth . I do love it , I just think that the writers should be careful not to go overboard . It 's sink or swim now . Take it slow , built on relationships . At the end of the gay ... sorry , day -LRB- laughs -RRB- , it seems they are trying to sell tickets into the big gay club that is the world ; showing us the fashions , the trends , the life ... but not the people living it . Come down a peg or too , and they 'll be fine.P.S Shane and Jenny need to end up together , I 'm serious .
 Season 2 of The L Word has many , many high points and just a few low points.High Points ; 1 . The introduction of Carmen . My god this girl is hot ! 2 . The Shane/Carmen/Jenny triangle . I loved the whole storyline . Whenever Shane and Carmen were on screen together my tv melted . The chemistry is unrivaled in my opinion and add Jenny to the mix and you had the most gripping storyline of season two .3 . The incredible acting abilities of Jennifer Beals and Pam Grier . The Melvin death scenes were acted so well by these incredible actresses , My only real complaint about season two was the lack of group scenes which we were spoilt with in season one . Also the lack of screen time given to the characters of Shane and Carmen . The small time they were given they did so well , it 's just a pity that more time was n't afforded to that particular storyline . That 's the only reason I 'm giving it 4/5 instead of 5 . Go buy it , and enjoy the ride !
 No , season 2 is n't perfect . Many other reviewers have pointed out its flaws
 at the beginning of the year i started watching repeat episodes for season two of the l word . i never thought that i would get so hooked on the show , but i did . i saw the last six episodes and i could n't wait for season three to start . but i realized that i was n't up to speed , so i purchased season two the next day . i was so happy that i did . i watched all of season two in 3 days . i 'm really thrilled that there is a show that is n't afraid to talk about women 's issues . this show has touched me in a way that i never thought possible and it has also opened my eyes to certain topics that i could have cared less for . i gave this item 5 stars because it changed my whole perspective on life and the society that we live in just a matter of days . i 'm sure that it could do the same to someone else .
 The L-Word has received a deserved worldwide reputation for mainstreaming lesbian relationships . The series has artfully endowed our globalized community with poignant story lines , which resonate on issues familiar to both gay and straight people . I applaud the writers for avoiding linear social commentary , breaking the mold , and becoming the eloquent voice of Lesbians in America . I am appalled that the series was not nominated for an Emmy Award . I think it was entirely worthy ! I give the second season 4 stars instead of five because though brilliantly crafted , season two has a commercialistic flare I found mildly irritating . It seemed to slightly compromise the integrity of the production .
 When I first heard about the show I was thinking ... Les porn ... but I started watching the show and it 's actually funny , well written , well acted , and does address some of the issues faced in our society today from a lesbian perspective . If you do n't like lesbian content , do n't watch the show . If you 're a lesbian , a must see ! If you 're simply interested in changing your worldview a bit , this can give you some interesting insight to a culture you may not know very well . But be warned , there are risqu&eacute; moments in the show , very well done but be warned . And I would agree , this is definitely not a family show ... not for kids . Come on ... it 's showtime people ... you really think their target audience is children ... ?
 I love this show ! I love the characters ! The first season was great , but this season is even better . The only thing that I would change , is the pace , it could have moved just a bit faster , but it was still great though . What makes this season better than the last is how much we see of the characters , all of them are opened up for us to view . Theres even a few new characters that add even more spice to the drama . That is what I love about The L Word , the drama ! It truly reminds me of the crazy things that can happen to a group of friends when love and lust is mixed in with friendship - I love that ! I realy do reccomend anyone to buy this , it is n't only about lesbian issues , it goes beyond that .
 This show , eventhough it is a little above ordinary , is really great . I enjoy all the characters and some of episodes have really touched home . Every lesbian has been touched in some sort of way by this show , plus some `` straights '' , as well .
 Season 1 was definetely better . Season 2 , still fantastic . The biggest problem that I had with Season 2 was Jenny . She does not belong , she made the show depressing . Get rid of Jenny . Other than that great stories . Slightly funny . Beautiful people . And Shane is hot ! Love it and ca n't wait for Season 3 to start .
 i have an aunt who is gay , and this show truly gives a fun and clear picture of the trials and tribulations she goes thru living her lifestyle ; its a fun show to watch , i enjoy the openness of the production .
 this is the best season of this show ... I could watch this season over and over again
 Appeals to every imaginable demographic
 A brilliant Tv-Serie about lesbian women in West HollywoodDealing with real life problem and it 's difficulties .
 The second season is as good as season one , if not better ! Totally recommended .
 I religiously watch the L Word during the regular season ... LOVE IT , LOVE IT
 Love this show , havent missed a single episode . The second season stands out from the last one in that you feel more attempt by the directors to give you an insight to the characters and their internal struggles and flaws . You see new connections from the last season amongst different characters.One thing I love about the L word is its ability to show you a side of yourself . You can not help but watch the show and feel for what one or more of the characters is experiencing at one time or another.The show 's emphasis is not solely on the fact that these are lesbians but that they experience personal and relationship issues that you too might have experienced and how they overcome and fight through the struggle.I love the 2nd season , though , theres far too much emphasis on music . Every episode seems to leave this pume of music - though good - becomes overbearing . It just sounds like they we 're feeding fuel for their soundtrack fire . Which I believe they did . Too much Betty , Too much EZGirl . Besides filling the audience with concerts and musical artists , its a great show , and worth buying .
 This is a great show , I 'd love to go up the Nome to be able to try what these guys get to do . I do wish that Dave guy from the Bering Sea gold season 1 was on this show . He was fun to watch and seeing how many issues he had with Steve , Zeke also having the same issues puts things into perspective a little .
 Is great , if you like Discovery Channel.If you have a TV or BOX compatible with Amazon Instant Video , will be great.Saw in the pc is not the same.But if you are in vacation outside of US , please NO ip detection for IPad and Android . -LRB- this is a message to Amazon -RRB-
 A 5-star rating would mean this documentary about a son getting to know his famous father would have come home with all of the major awards , or that I thought that it probably should have . But it was n't quite there.There is n't much new information here that every hard core Trek fan does n't already know . It 's definitely worth seeing though , if you would like to learn about Gene Roddenberry , Star Trek 's creator , alongside his son.During the six years that this film was in production , the focus was on Gene Roddenberry 's life . Mid-production , the focus changed to a son learning about a dad who died when his son was only 17 . If the father-son aspect were the focus from start to finish , I think this would have been a somewhat better movie , and it may have brought home awards galore.The movie I 've always wanted to see is a biographical theatrical release about Gene 's life , rather than a documentary . If we have such movies about dot-com creators , then why not one about the 20th century 's most influential visionary ?
 This is a story of a son who finally realizes how much he and the world loves his Dad , Gene Roddenberry.It 's also a story of the saying &#34; A good idea never dies ! &#34;
 I came across Trek Nation quite accidentally as I was reading about Gene Roddenberry today . I wascurious about it and delighted to know that I could watch it on amazon . I did n't know much about himbut just love Star Trek the Next Generation and came across this tribute by his son . I thought itwas beautifully made , and had such an authentic and lovely feel to it . He lost his father at an earlyage and is trying to reconstruct who is father was from interviewing a lot of people who knew him . I cancompletely understand this . I was fascinated by my own grandfather and remember wanting to knowwho he was from his friends eyes , from a peer . I knew him from my parents and relatives and our ownbrief interactions , but I was too young to really ask the questions that I have now at an older age.I think it was very well balanced and showed a beautiful journey of him attempting to know more about the heart and soulof his father who happened to be the creator of something that is lasting and meaningful and profound to humanity.What a beautiful movie , I am so happy to have the opportunity to watch it . I really liked it !
 Now here 's a film that would never be made nowadays , with its remarkable confluence of science fiction and religion and an ending that is literally `` The Beginning . '' You wo n't see any Martians here , nor any rockets , spaceships , or other images you probably associate with science fiction . Red Planet Mars is all about `` the message , '' one that modern audiences will likely resist much more strongly than the original 1952 American audience . The film 's somewhat open-ended conclusion allows for rejection as well as acceptance - another strong point in the movie 's favor - and one person 's outright dismissal will be another 's inspiration . Red Planet Mars is very much a thinking man 's movie from the Golden Age of science fiction.A young Peter Graves plays scientist Chris Cronyn , who has spent years working alongside his wife Linda -LRB- Andrea King -RRB- constructing a communication device powerful enough to reach Mars . As astronomical observations begin to reveal highly provocative changes on the Martian surface , Cronyn finally gets a response to the signals he has been sending toward the Red Planet . They 're just the same signals being sent back his way , but he eventually figures out how to communicate with the aliens , making him an instant celebrity . Unbeknownst to him or the now heavily involved American government , the man who first came up with the technology , German war criminal Franz Calder -LRB- Herbert Berghof -RRB- is listening to all of Cronyn 's messages with his own transceiver , developed with the help of the Soviets who got him out of jail . For the Soviets , hearing all of Cronyn 's questions and the replies he receives is just as good as communicating with the Martians themselves.This contact with Mars quickly results in sweeping , fairly ridiculous changes . Learning that the Martians need no fossil fuels to produce more energy than they know what to do with and can feed a thousand people for a year off of one acre of farmland , the whole American economy all but collapses overnight , American generals contemplate a nuclear first-strike attack on the Soviet Union , while the Soviets themselves sit back and happily watch Western society crumble . Then , the messages from Mars suddenly take on an overtly religious theme , leading to even more sweeping changes across the entire globe.But are these messages truly coming from Mars ? And if they are n't , do you dare let the truth get out after all of the transformative changes that have just taken place ? Some viewers , especially liberals and those of the anti-Christian persuasion , will dismiss this film as a product of crazy right-wingers and Cold War paranoia , but those who choose to take the film at face value ca n't help but appreciate the very big questions it asks - in terms of both personal responsibility and the agents of social change . Many will also find it very inspirational in not only a spiritual but an honest-to-God , unabashed Christian sense . Red Planet Mars is truly a unique science fiction film that deserves more notice than it has received over the years .
 The movie was made in a time when everyone was into the red scare . A nuclear family has the means and knowledge to build a device -LRB- from public domain information -RRB- to transmit to a 1952 version of Mars.Using a new hydrogen technology Chris Cronyn -LRB- Peter Graves -RRB- sends a message to Mars . A message appears to return . The content disrupts economics and supports the concept of theocracies over democracies -LRB- Iran is a theocracy -RRB- . However it is not so much the messages that catch your eye , as the 1950 's stereotypes . The nuclear family is just missing the family dog . The wife -LRB- Andrea King -RRB- even thought standing beside her husband is more behind him and is scared of her own shadow . The commies are ruthless and dumb . The president -LRB- this is before we started to degrade presidents -RRB- is fair and benign . I can go on but you get the idea . Now it is amusing to watch in retrospect . But if any of these people existed today it would be scary.Peter Graves gets to play the good guy `` look to the future '' father.Marvin Miller -LRB- Arjenian -RRB- the confused bad guy -LRB- typical 50 's commie -RRB- can be seen again as Michael Anthony in the 1955 TV series `` Millionaire , The ''
 Congratulations to sibling documentary videographers Emily and Josh Davidow for an amazing feat
 Dr Robert A F. Thurman hosts a tour of earth 's only remaining pristine Buddhist kingdom . At the same time this world-renowned authority on Indo-Tibetan Buddhism shares his insight into dharma and the culture of Bhutan .
 A perfect overview of a very special place and much simpler way of life that is sadly disappearing . Its a wonderful video to watch , particularly if you plan to visit the country .
 very open and honest including a great summary of the four nobel truths -- Robert thurman is quite the character -- the David Attenborough of Tibetan Buddhism .
 I wish this movie was on DVD . My daughter was brought up on this movie - and we always have to laugh about whether or not she 's been a good girl so I can read to her - from the TV Guide . Hundreds of laughs if you have no shame . Characters are lovable and unforgettable - who would n't want Theresa as their neighbor ? From absence excuses for school to mama 's desire for a peach colored love sofa , the laughs go on and on .
 very hard to find black comedy , not on dvd so had to get on vhs . Good quality fast delivery makes for a happy camper .
 This is a movie most folk do n't watch for the plot . This review gives away many plot details and as such may be considered a PLOT SPOILER . I do so in an attempt to explain the `` genius '' of this film for your better enjoyment , or at least some of the attempts at genius.This movie has a lot of newcomers or else a lot of people who did n't want to use their real name . A couple names that are real
 Ok ... the title definitely got my attention . Do they realize `` Shower of Blood '' acronym is S.O.B. !!!! That 's great . This movie has some unique twists on a tired plot - dumb kids in the woods or abandoned house ... duh , do n't go in there . But thankfully they do and we got ourselves a movie.The acting is n't too bad for what are clearly up and coming thespians . They were probably cast more on their looks than anything . They are hot , both the guys and girls . For the faint at heart , there is some `` R '' rated nudity throughout , but it 's not too gratuitous . I think it works well with the story line and I think thru lines on most of the characters were well done and carried thru nicely.The on set blood gags and digital visual effects were amazing . I 'm really impressed -LRB- and rarely am I -RRB- . On this alone I would recommend the film , but there is more . The camera work and lighting seems to be well thought out and very well done . There are no typical errors or mistakes that you get with most low budget movies . Producers and director seem to have known what they were doing.The score and soundtrack is way cool . Whoever supervised this is in tune with the street . And the composer of the score in a word - Genius.I hope they consider doing a Shower of Blood II with a larger budget , that 'd be cool and certainly worth it.To the point , I definitely recommend this movie to all horror buffs , and even those who like comedies , because it is certainly satirical enough that I laughed throughout as I 'm certain producers intended . Make a point to see this movie!Curious to know if these filmmakers have any other work out there ? Anyone know , please post .
 Had the privilege to see OPEN at a film festival and this was such a revelation in terms of its sensitivity and sense of houmour towards its chracters . Dealing with issues of identity and beauty and featuring real transgendered actors , I was so moved by the way director Jake Yuzna gave each character an inner life and turmoil that went past just being a transgendered person , highlighting the ways we all feel alone and disconnected and how we can change that . It really belongs right up there with the debut films that Gus Van Sant and Todd Haynes made at the start of their carears . I ca n't wait to see more from this director , and all should see this film if you want a film that travels beyond typical cliches and familiar storylines .
 I just recieved my copy today and i already watched this DVD 4 times . Its for anyone that loves REAL hip hop music . This a definate must have for any true Bone fan it has exclusive music and performances with ALL of Bone -LRB- Bizzy included -RRB- You get to see them in the studio recording and performing live and just hanging out this really puts you behind the harmony . thanks Thugline for this GREAT DVD !
 Yo this is a super hot dvd if your hesitant to buy it just go check out the trailer at www.behindtheharmony.com and the trailer is hot just like the dvd ! Order your copy you wont be dissapointed this DVD has all the hits performed live and alot of behind the scenes footage which is tight . Order this DVD i think it is one of the BEST Bone DVD 's ever put out !
 This is a great DVD to add to your Bone Thugs-N-Harmony collection . I love it myself .
 This movie was a pretty good over view of all the aspects of a dolphin . There were good details about some of the unique anatomical adaptations that dolphins have that make them so special . Lots and lots of videos , not the same stuff over and over which is wonderful .
 The content of this documentary is fantastic . However the editing and grouping of parts leaving commercials from the original tv show disappoint .
 This documentary was well made and hit many key points on the education and study of dolphins . I have always had a deep interest and love of dolphins and whales , and this video just solidified those feelings . : - -RRB-
 After reading some of the not so good reviews -LRB- and the several glowing reviews -RRB- I was impelled to respond . `` The Pope 's Toilet '' is a very poignant story with a subtle religious message based on a real event . I have read and seen much about religion , but this film presented the idea more effectively than most . It also helped me understand the grinding and relentless poverty , and petty corruption , that perhaps defines many third world countries . It is hard to understand how viewers living in this country could say it was a boring , so-so film . I would recommend it to every mature and discerning viewer ...
 This movie is touching , poignant , and heartfelt , while still being realistic and interesting . It 's an empathetic portrayal of some poor families in small-town Uraguay , who are human and close-knit , and have aspirations to better their lives through capitalistic endeavor after learning that the Pope would visit their town to give a speech . Of course , they learn in the end that capitalistic investment has risks!It 's title originally threw me off , as it did n't sound like something I wanted to watch . But once I started watching it , the pathos of the main character is very touching , as he strives to build a fancy pay toilet and capitalize on the predicted thousands of Brazilian visitors to the Pope 's speech . He really wants to build a better life for his family , rather than continuing the pathetic scrapping out a living being a bicycle smuggler . The movie builds real tension as he works with all his might against time and the forces pushing against him , because you do n't know whether he will succeed or tragically fail . -LRB- For the ending , watch it for yourself and see ! -RRB- I really liked the insight into the characters and relationships in this small slice of the South American world . Of course , it 's just a movie , but if it rings true , then many wealthier persons in the developed world would envy the close friendships and sense of community that is displayed here .
 You ca n't blame people who try to make a buck during an advantage of a lifetime . In this small rural Uruguayan town , the Pope is planning a visit and the locales devise a plan to make use of that time.Filmed in 2007 , the action takes place in 1988 when Pope John Paul II makes a visit to Melo , Uruguay . There is footage of Pope John Paul II visiting the town , as this is based on a true visit.The main character , Beto , is a grocery smuggler , and poor . He is married to Carmen with a teenage daughter who has visions of becoming somebody , namely to become a TV reporter.With the anticipation of the papal visit , the impoverished townspeople have imaginations that thousands of people will pass through the town . The numbers are exaggerated from thousands to as much as 50,000 . Therefore , they hatch plans to sell what they can , laboring at huge quantities of foods , then spread out on tables awaiting the thousands of passersby.But Beto has another plan , knowing thousands will be in town , it figures that thousands may need to use the toilet . So he builds one , without plumbing , but a fancy door.This is a fun , light , humorous movie , with professional and amateurs alike . The storyline moves quickly and one just ca n't wait to see how the great plan evolves.Film Movement released this little gem . Film Movement brings film from around the world , great writing , great directing , great movies ... See it ! Rizzo .
 It certainly is a budget film but well played and directed . Awesome insight into life in Uruguay . The story itself is so so . I recommend renting it but not buying it .
 A town in northern Uruguay , 60km from the Brazilian border , is excited about the impeding papal visit . Residents discuss ahead of time how to prepare their town for such an honor . The local TV station hypes up the visit , interviews its people and we learn that many of the residents had taken out loans to beautify their homes and town for the visit and to sell goods for visitors from Brazil.It 's a touching enough story . The plot evolves around one poor family of husband Beto , a smalltown smuggler riding an old one-speed into Brazil for goods he can sell at a profit in town . He thinks himself above his simple-thinking wife . He , afterall , uses his `` thinking cap '' and shemes up ways to make a living . But if only he had paid attention to her idea of profiting from the papal visit!Apparently a lot of other bicyle-riding smugglers do this for a living , as the disinterested border guards let most through without stopping -LRB- unless they are black -RRB- . The Brazilians do n't care much for these poor Uruguayans who keep cycling across the border , and the Uruguayans seem quite content with their lives.All around you is poverty . Stray dogs stroll around town looking for handouts . Old men sit in front of their homes chatting with neighbors . The flat , green fields around Melo are the backdrop of this movie , and all the neighbors seem to get along in their communal poverty . It really does n't look like a town the Pope would or should visit.Carmen , Beto 's loyal wife , despairs of her husband 's grandiose ideas but supports him anyway . Their daughter Silvia -LRB- who has dreams of being a radio announcer one day -RRB- , somehow is the most beautiful creature in this movie seems to be accepting of her fate yet sees the family savings go to waste for the papal visit.Beto makes a lot of smuggling attempts just to make enough money to buy the supplies he needs for his toilet . He even trains his wife and daughter in how to approach tourists and sell them the use of the toilet . Some of the scenes are quite heartbreaking , because even though there 's no doubt that Beto loves his wife and daughter , he also has a violent , drunken side to him . And for him , there would be nothing better than buying a motorbike from the profits of that toilet.But why would the Pope come to such a down-trodden town that does n't even have plumbing ? The townsmen do n't see it that way . To them the Pope is coming because he loves them . The media hype up the visit ; up to 300,000 people could be coming to Melo and this is going to make a lot of poor people in town much , much richer!Here is where the movie becomes a hidden message of blind religious faith and political manipulation . In the end the papal visit does n't quite turn out as planned . The Pope -LRB- actual footage of his real visit to Melo in 1988 -RRB- gives his short speech in Spanish and then goes back to his Popemobile and drives on . `` Is it over ? '' asks Carmen as she watches the Pope via a town 's small black and white TV . The TV commentator continues to smile and smalltalk about the grandiose visit.This movie was tenderly portrayed . The actors seemed so real in their characters . The town always played a role in this movie , either up close with its cracked facades , or as a dirty village in a riverplain . In the end the viewer wants to step inside the town and give everyone a hug for everything they did for the papal visit.I enjoyed this movie . I predicted the end accurately but there is more to this story . It 's about faith , family bonds , neighborly devotion and dreams , as well as the manipulation the Catholic Church uses on its followers .
 One of the most touching movies I ever seen.Those that know the area of the globe -LRB- small frontier towns between Uruguay and Brazil -RRB- can appreciate the realism of this movie depicting the people , social life , struggles , and geography ; for those that do not know the area , this movie is an enjoyable learning experience.Only these excellent actors could bring this excellent story -LRB- base on actual events -RRB- to the screen with such level of realism and entertainment value .
 Of course the dvd came right away and the price was right , , , , but amazon offered some other `` digital '' version of the movie that I think I could have downloaded , , , if I could only have figured it out . If they continue to offer this `` digital '' verision , the instructions need to be better ,
 A poignant film about the poverty-ridden residents of Melo , Uruguay , who spend what little they have to capitalize on the thousands of tourists they believe will swarm Melo to see Pope John Paul II . Beto is the film 's principal character . He makes his living bicycling into Brazil to smuggle goods back to Melo shopkeepers . Beto hatches the most grandiose money-making scheme of all -- to build an indoor toilet for the anticipated crowds . Using his wife 's pin money for their daughter 's education , Beto builds his toilet . The crowds never arrive , and the residents of Melo are left poorer than before . The film is based on Pope John Paul II 's 1988 visit to Melo in which only three hundred visitors arrived out of the predicted thousands .
 This is the most romantic and touching Shrew on film . Here , Petruchio is a sly and thoughtful man who really does care for Kate and knows how to make her his own and give her access to her own happiness.This is also John Cleese 's best acting in his entire career , and I 've seen a lot of it . He is charming and subdued here . His performance will knock you flat .
 Jonathon Miller is a master in bringing highly talented actors together to perform in a serious role . John Cleese is like no other Petruchio and my favourite.I had seen this production on BBC in 1987 and loved it . When I finally tracked it down on Amazon I was thrilled . Watching it again after so many years is always a risk but I was n't disappointed . Even my reluctant daughter -LRB- 24 -RRB- enjoyed it too . A gem !
 I rented this from the library ages ago . Years later , I tried to track it down ; it proved very difficult . I ended up finding it here . Note that the DVD format will not play on standard North American DVD players . You must have region 2 or 4 , or an all-regions DVD player . Luckily I have one and it played just fine . This version was filmed on a sound stage , so if you are looking for blockbuster sets and outdoor scenes , you wo n't find it here . If you want to see John Cleese doing Shakespeare , and doing a fine job at it , this is for you . I 've seen other versions of The Taming of the Shrew , but I have to say John Cleese is my favorite Petrucio and the actress who played Kate -LRB- I ca n't recall her name -RRB- is my favorite Kate .
 I like to show this version of `` Shrew '' to contrast it with the commedia dell ` arte production done by the American Conservatory Theater . Both versions have so much to commend them.This BBC version is really entertaining . I love the subtle directorial differences here -- you really get the clue early on that Bianca is the real shrew in the family ; Kate is the misunderstood , passed over elder sister . Sarah Badel is really witty as Katherine . Her louds screams of fury resound offstage as John Cleese 's Petruchio says , `` Pray , have you not a daughter called Katherina , fair and virtuous ? `` John Franklyn-Robbins as Baptista Minola pauses diffidently as the outraged shrieking continues and answers hesitantly , `` I have a daughter , sir , called Katherina ... `` Perfect comedic timing . The rest of the movie is just as well done . It 's actually very romantic as well . At the end , you see Kate and Petruchio as equals in their marriage , presenting the public face that society demands they show , while knowing that they are true soul mates in their private life together.There is no Induction in this version , by the way .
 Stayed true to Shakespeare 's lines . Did not add lines or take away them . Great acting ! Would watch again ! Loved it !
 Was recommended by college professor . Was glad it stayed with the play . Very good actors ! Not a high budget film but I would rather have it true to the story or play than be overly theatrical .
 John Cleese in The Taming of the Shrew ?!!! That was my reaction , too . But I could n't resist tuning in , and boy was I glad I did . I enjoyed Richard Burton 's version and considered it the definitive take on Petruchio -- until I saw Cleese 's . Simply magnificent . That acid wit of his was the perfect tool for taming Kate . Highly recommended .
 Enjoyed this version of the Shrew . The pacing in the first fifteen minutes seems off . The lines are read at a gallop and without enough clarity . The pacing does settle for the rest of the play and the lines are better delivered . Settings , costumes and cast are wonderful . Mr Cleese made a fine Petrucchio . One of the other reviewers complained about the age of the actress who plays Kate . Dude , this is Shakespeare ! It is like opera . You have to get beyond appearance and listen to the way the cast presents the poetry of the bard . When the play was first presented the female roles were all played by men . The costuming and scenery were not extravagant and the audience had to use imagination and mind to view the play . Close your eyes and listen to the words if the actress does not look like a teenager . I have not seen this play in some time so had forgotten the strong message that this male dominated world delivers about women . Here too the viewer must remember that this play is 400 years old . In spite of the message about the subservient woman we have to remember it comes from the time of Eliabeth I who is probably one of the strongest and most inspiring women of that age .
 I can honestly say that this movie surprised me . I was expecting it to be terrible with no reviews and only being 1.99 . I can honestly say it was pretty entertaining . The movie has some good twists -LRB- I am no spoiler so that is all you get -RRB- . You have to be ok with sub-titles unless you speak Korean . I gave it a 4 because a 3.5 is not possible . I would say that it lost a point for poor graphics and half a point because the subtitles move so quickly that sometimes when reading the scene changes ... this only happened once or twice . Watch it if you like the man from no where or 13 assassins .
 I was pleasantly surprised with the twists involved in the story line . I must say it was a bit too long , but definitely worth it . I wish Hollywood could come up with a few more original ideas instead of another special effects remake as they always do . Definitely worth your time if you do n't mind subtitles .
 To briefly answer the reviewer who had trouble with the sound , I did n't have any . But I have had that trouble with other feeds that reviewers did not report , so I wonder what is the cause.I liked this production very much . You may recognize the actress who plays Portia as the mother from the 1995 Sense & Sensibility.Like many BBC Shakespeares , the faces do n't seem right for a few minutes . Hollywood spoils us with pitch perfect prototypes . But after they settle in , the language takes over . The play itself is very powerful , and maybe the best the actors can do is not get in its way.I was deeply moved by the court scene . The theme of mercy over justice -LRB- though it is bittersweet considering Shylock 's end -RRB- has seldom found better expression.A funny thing
 My daughter was studying the play in high school and this movie really helped her understand the plot , characters , humor and discrimination that underlies the story . Not a big production but true to the play .
 If all is well when all ends well , It is a comedy , and yet it is a pure drama in many ways . A Shakespearean drama for sure , but a drama nevertheless . And none of its value has disappeared today.The first absolutely modern question is that of Jews , their presence and treatment in and by society . In Venice they are tolerated which creates some problems . Shakespeare describes them with tremendous accuracy . First there is the problem of their wealth that creates jealousy against them and that gives them a tremendous power since they can lend money at usurer 's rates . In this play the payment , if the borrower defaults on it , becomes a pound of flesh taken from his breast . This clause is absurd in itself , barbaric in many ways , but it is a vengeance from Shylock , the Jew , for his stolen daughter who married a Christian and became Christian in so doing.Shakespeare tries to equalize the situation with the famous and ever quoted long intervention from Shylock himself
 For so many years , I like to watch a BBC TV series called ` the last of summer wine ' . Somehow I am drawn to this name . What is in the name ? I have been asking people what about summer wines that are so different than winter 's wines . What is the essence of summer of a place of a time that can be melted into the wine and come out as aroma ? Most of them drink the same kinds of wine all year ; some of them , like their fruity wines to be iced during the summertime . I also just asked some wineries in Napa Valley California . None of them has given me an answer for why the last of summer 's wine so special that it is biffitting its coming out from such poet as William Shakespeare in the Mechant of Venice ? So I watched this movie Merchant of Venice searching for the meaning of the ` mid-summer 's wine ' in Waycross , next to Georgia 's Okefenokee Swamp . In case you wonder , it is 5 hours form Atlanta Georgia . I am pretty far from civilization.Like Romeo and Juliet , the Merchant of Venice is as much about hate as love , or vice-versa . Does it matter if hate comes first before love , or love comes before hate ? Yes , love and hate are mutable . Shakespearean characters are in a way like modern paintings , there are many facets and each can be seen in so many ways . May be that is why the modernist T.S. Eliot like Shakespeare so much beasue Shakespeare is just like him only 500 years before his time . To me , Shylock is like Hamlet in that he is pretty much by himself when he has to figure out what to do about the dealings of life . You can not help thinking about ` To be or not to be
 Having viewed Cinema of Vengeance and The Art of Action , I was on a quest to find a film that was an update on the current status of the martial arts genre in those two movies ' same style , and this is it . A hilarious and fun look into the history of the genre , this film takes its own approach . The normal everyday guy who loves these films wants to tell you about them in everyday speaking and charming animation . I applaud the movie for sticking with this style . Its less formal than any documentary you may ever see , but its completely relatable in the excitement one may have for these movies.The movie follows the history of martial arts cinema , basically . The Art of Action did a better job of going in chronological order compared to this film , which jumps back and forth in the timeline . This can be excused though since it wants to group everything together that belongs in a certain category . The film 's strong point though is that its up to date and covers more than The Art of Action did , being 9 years newer . A lot has happened in the genre and that 's what I wanted to see . This film is heavy on using clips from several movies which is great . It gets you interested in some of the films shown.Some personal highlights for me : - Seeing Jacky Wu Jing get a mention ! He is a very underrated modern star of the genre who deserves more serious roles . Sadly nothing was mentioned about Fatal Contact , an awesome movie that he stars in.-Showing how Hollywood ripped off Police Story , with side-by-side comparisons to prove it ! - Everything about Bruce Lee was covered , and acknowledged that Bruce-splotation was terrible.My minor complaints : - Footage from Legend of the Drunken Master was used instead of Drunken Master II . The former release of the film had dull sound effects , a butchered soundtrack and a changed ending . Even though it was stated once in this film as Drunken Master II , the footage was not of that and was not stated about the American changes.-Sammo Hung deserved a bigger chunk of the film . He was breezed over and just sort of mentioned . What he has done for the genre is immense.-Yuen Biao was not mentioned at all ! How can you have Jackie and Sammo and no Yuen ?? - Woo Ping should of also got his own section of the movie . His contributions to the genre as a director and choreographer are legendary.For a big martial fan like myself , this movie is a godsend . It is a welcome update to The Art of Action . It makes you appreciate the genre and may get you interested in some new films you have n't seen . To any newcomer to the genre who may have seen only a hand full of martial arts films , this is a great film to see where the genre came from , where it 's going , and what is out there for you to start watching . I recommend it to anyone !
 A solid , if strange , look at Kung Fu cinema and it 's influence on American Cinema.The film clearly bears the stamp of it 's writer - Ric Meyers - and represents his opinions as well as his research . Though clunky in parts , it definitely seems like a labor of love and if you are a Kung Fu fan you will probably learn something new . If you are n't a fan of the genre , it might be a way to learn about the history , but then again it might be interminably boring .
 NYC ... somehow , some reason , this show is addicting . More so than the rest . Maybe it 's the New York accent or that they are rich and suppose to represent the elite of NY society yet they argue and moan over the most meaning crap . Or maybe it personality is so different and yet so defined . Romona , the good looking chick with the eyes popping at you when she 's mad . The Countless , addss flair to the city and most think she 's weird for doing so . Jill Zaren , typical jewish gal , rich , succresful , good looking and a temper that could whip up on the current Heavy Weight Boxer , but she 's cool . Bethany the ` wannebe '' but she tries . The only ones I really dont care for that much is the couple Alex and Simon . They are more interested in climbing the social ladder than being real . Like thats some big deal . I do n't really care for the 6ft model they brought in , what does she add to show ? Not much at all . The new chick on season 3 Sonja seems pretty cool , wild older hot chick who likes to party ... my kind of gal!Anyhow , great series ... the drama , the women , the City , you have it all .
 This is my favorite group of Housewives next to Atlanta Housewives.I love being a fly on the wall and peeking inside of their world . Jill and Bethanny are my favorite Housewives and love their crazy antics each season !
 I remember hearing alot of buzz when the real life `` Desperate '' Housewives were coming to television . It was supposed to be hot , sexy , scandalas , oh and did I forget absolutely boring ! The origins of the series was quite hokey . I flipped through caught 10 minutes of orange county and thought it was like watching yellow paint dry.Well , it turns out to their surprise -LRB- and mine -RRB- the series turned out to be one of the best on tv today . My family and I found Atlanta to be the best of the series although Jersey is n't far off . I found those two series to be riveting and really thought provoking . I was n't too keen on New York City until I kept hearing Bethenney 's name all over cnn one day ; I assumed what was the point I 'm sure it 's not that good -LRB- Boy was I wrong ! -RRB- . After catching up on current seasons of mad men , nat geo , pawns stars , I got bored and watched the first 4 episodes of season 3 , and I was shocked , dismayed , angry , and wanted to find out what happens next!I was hooked ! Think of the jets v. ssharks with grown successful adults . Some women did n't even want to film or be in the same studio with each other , then you a television show 's good.The season 3 synopsis starts with Jill and Luann -LRB- people around my parents age ! -RRB- act mean and spitful making Ramona cry . She kept reinterating that her abusive father died , after they kept taunting her . She literally cussed them out , so theyd stop at her birthday party of all places . The season just kept getting better with the gang up on Bethenney and Alex having to fend for herself while being scoffed at by wealthier and powerful women.It turns out Bethenney had a cinderella story towards the end , trumping them all ! And Alex is n't doing too bad either.I actually found myself wanting to catch the next episode just like a baseball game or the jersey shore . I had to find out what happened in season 's 1 and 2 -LRB- backstory out of curiosity , answering questions -RRB- ; turns out the alliances and friendships were extremely different in each and every season . I found Season 2 being the best with the Bethenney vs. Kelly Storyline and Alex/Simon v. Jill Zarin . Season 1 's not far from it , with Alex and Simon being painted as Social climber villians ; with Ramona being backstabbing.True Bethenney has really good one liners , and it was good to see her defend herself against rich snobs , but the show is still just as good in season 4 as it was for the past 3 seasons . The success of the show has to be the varied backgrounds , level of success/wealth , and hometowns that make this group more diverse then orange county and Jersey . It really makes think if you were in that suiation what would you really do ? Fortunetly all the spinoffs caught up -LRB- including a very good dc version , and VH1 's copycat versions of this show -RRB- . It also highlights Manhattans Rich Society in Season one almost making for a true life-discovery channel documentary and what people will do to stay on top . Give this show a shot .
 I consider this show on the same level as me reading `` In Touch '' magazine ... I enjoy it but I 'll never admitt it to anyone I know . Personally I think Ramona has a few screws loose , Sonja has serious finacial problems she tries very hard to hide and Alex is delusional in how she sees her beauty and her gay husband BUT thats what makes the show fun to watch . I lived in NYC for years and its the best place on earth to live if your rich and these ladies show you that world . When your bored get out a glass of wine and pop in nyc housewives and you 'll forget about your problems for a little while ... cause trust me they got bigger ones ! Lol .
 I love this series and purchased the entire season to watch on my Roku . I would have given this five stars if not for the description of Episode 7 . It was completely off from what the episode was about , it was n't even close and described a totally unfamiliar one , which makes me wonder if I missed an episode . When I buy an entire season of something , I do n't want to have to think about it or search the Internet for an episode guide to check that Amazon gave me all that I paid for . I just want to sit back and watch . Maybe I 'm being too picky but I guess I 'm a true fan of the show and just want to know I have n't missed any of it .
 I love both Orange County and I LOVE NEW YORK . I would love for it to be released on DVD . I do n't know how one reviewer can call them `` trailer trash '' . These ladies have more class & knowledge living in the big city -LRB- more expensive too -RRB- as opposed to living in an Orange County gated bubble . Some of the women -LRB- VICKI -RRB- are unattractive inside & out , others -LRB- Tamra -RRB- act like a bubbleheaded , boobjobed , nosejobed bleached blonde tacky b ** ch ! The last epsiode I have seen of Orange county was Tamra -LRB- whose jealous of Gretchen because she 's not half as hot or young -RRB- plies Gretchen with all different mixes of alcohol.Yes , Gretchen is a big girl but it would have been more adult and classy to cut her off . I think this is THE WORST BEHAVIOUR of any season or episode out of all the seasons . That my dear is true trailer trash . I would rather hang with the New York wives anyday over the Insecure Housewives of Orange County .
 The Real Housewives of NYC is one of those shows I watch as a guilty pleasure . It 's interesting to see how the other half lives -LRB- and in some cases , how they act towards one another -RRB- . The OC Housewives will always be my favorite , but these girls were rather interesting to watch.First there is Countess LuAnn - She is very classy but I felt that she thought she owned the city . She could be very snobby at times -LRB- then again , they 're all a bit snobby at times -RRB- , like when she told Bethenny not to introduce her to limo drivers as `` LuAnn '' . Jill - Ah Jill . She was my favorite housewife . I felt that she was/is the most grounded of the women and one of the most honest . You can really see how much she loves her daughter . Though she could be the gossip queen , she was still great to watch!Ramona - Ugh . She annoyed me very much . I hated her attitude in general . She overreacted at every single little issue and was very self-centered . It was kind of fun to watch her in the reunion as everyone kind of put her in her place.Bethenny - How can you not love her ? She is blunt and if something bothered her , she let the others know about it . I loved that about her . She was also the funniest with her one-liners . It 's actually pretty cool how she blogs for the show `` Top Chef '' -LRB- since she herself is a chef -RRB- as well as this show.Alex - I do n't know why Alex was on the show ; yes she is very wealthy , but at the same time she is not in the same `` social circle '' -LRB- two words mentioned several times in the show -RRB- as the other women . I thought it was a little weird that she and her husband spend the amount of time together that they do -LRB- I know they love each other and that 's great , but doing ALL of your shopping together and getting manicures and pedicures together ?? -RRB- . Her kids are cute though.Overall , it 's another Real Housewives show , just in another city with VERY different women compared to the OC women , but then again they live in very different places , which should also be put into consideration when you watch this one .
 Late night Saturdays have historically proven to be a gold mine in the low budget movie department . We ca n't think of one childhood weekend when we did n't witness at least one enjoyable B cinematic experience . Some have been insurmountable -LRB- ieDeath Ringand some have been forgettable . The one thing they all have in common is over the top laughs . These films provide a feeling that ca n't be explained . It 's either something you get or you do n't . Luckily for us `` he get this ! '' which leads us to light hearted enjoyment , taking away the frustrations of every day life . Hey when you have some gypsy boss breathing down your neck the B really helps . The saving grace of the evening came in the form of a film easily on par with Bandidos called Latin Dragon . The real selling factors for us were Gary Busey and Lorenzo Lamas . Can it get any more insane/washed up then that ? It may have not made the cut for a 90 's feature , but it easily could have passed for one.Our feature starts of in California when a kind , older martial arts instructor , known as the Latin Dragon , is viciously murdered by a gang of vatos . There 's no clear cut reason why they take the man out . None the less , he winds up face down dead in a pool which brings in our hero Danny Silva . He looks like an unassuming Latin fellow who in reality will kill you five times before you hit the floor . See the murdered man was a mentor to the Danny and his death is not sitting well . His goal is to manhandle every gang member in LA one throat chop at a time . As the film moves forward we began to get nervous thinking the Busey and Lamas action would n't ever occur ... but we were pleasantly surprised . In a complete twist , Busey and Lamas play bad guys instead of there usual heroic action roles . Thorn -LRB- Busey -RRB- is a crooked real estate developer who uses the hood rats to do his dirty work . Frank -LRB- Lamas -RRB- is Thorn 's hired gun who stomps in skulls when things do n't go as planned . It turns out Thorn were responsible for the Latin Dragons murder and now have must handle the wrath of Danny Silva . Busey sporting an all khaki suit with crooked specs and Lamas with his frosted tips look about as threatening as Walter Matthau and Jack Lemon . Even with their thugs on payroll , none of them are any match for the fists of fury within Danny Silva . When Thorn meets his demise being kicked into the path of a freight train there wo n't be a dry eye in the house.Latin Dragon is yet another fantastic example why you seek B late at night , preferably on the weekend . Anytime after 11:00 will provide multiple options . However you must choose wisely as there are plenty of unredeemable flops out there . You must stick to the basics
 it is kind the old west the guy returns home to find outlaws to taken it over and he works to clean it up the town
 There are three things that the average action hero never did until now .1 . -RRB- Flip his dancing partner to kick an adversary .2 . -RRB- Kick a coffee table at an oncoming agressor3 . -RRB- Avoid striking a female opponent by binding her with a telephone cord.Martial Arts expert Fabian Carrillo gets his shot at being a Latino Bruce Lee and accomplishes all three in LATIN DRAGON , which makes it more than worth seeing.On top of all of that , he gives Gary Busey one hell of a flying sidekick .
 This movie was a lot better than I expected . Fabian Carillo is actually a decent actor as well as a martial artist . The fight scenes were very good but I felt while watching the film that it needed a little more spice ; more action , suspense that sort of thing and that 's the only reason why I rated this 4 stars.A decorated war hero and covert agent , Danny Silva returns home to East L.A abd finds his neighbeorhood has been taken over by a violent street gang that is headed by the brutally corrupt Bishop Thorn -LRB- Gary Busey -RRB- . Danny must now take a stand ; against all odds he wages a war with only his fists to return the streets to his people .
 this movie was not too shabby . which has one of the best action scenes ive ever seen .
 this was a good movie too watch . especially if you like ghetto movies that have gangstas .
 i do n't see why some people are giving this bad reviews . . this is actually a pretty entertaining , Fabian carrillo is a pretty good martial artist , i liked his techniques . the fight between him and Lorenzo Lamas is pretty well cordinated . this was n't bad at all .
 `` The Red Stallion '' made in 1947 has always been a firm favourite of mine.A good simple story for all the family without to-day 's violence.Ted Donaldson is one of the best juvenile actors of that era as hisrole in movies such as `` A Tree Grows in Brooklyn '' and `` The Red Stallion `` proves.The story is about a young boy named Joel -LRB- Ted Donaldson -RRB- who liveson a ranch in the country with his grandmother -LRB- Jane Darwell -RRB- . Hisgrandmother depends on selling horses to the remount station for herliving but when the remount station closes and horses are no longerneeded , she gets into financial difficulties and is forced to sell theranch to satisfy her creditors.Joel has his own horse `` Red '' which he raised from a colt and which isa thoroughbred . The boy , the horse and his dog `` Curley '' are inseparablemates and do everything on the ranch together . As fate decrees it , because Joel is a juvenile , the horse becomes ranch property and must beauctioned off with the other ranch assets , a cruel blow to the boy.Joel has great faith in his horse which shows good racing ability.He decides to train the horse to race , a task he dedicates himself toas he believes that this could be the way to save the ranch and preservethe way of life both he and his grandmother want.The movie is full of good old fashioned sentiment and values seldomseen to-day , such as the love and devotion of the boy to his grandmotherand his animal friends . To see the boy riding his horse at aleisurely walking pace and not riding ` hell bent for leather ' likein to-day 's movies is a joy to watch.Here at last is superb quality picture and sound . Thank you Artiflixfor a great restoration job on a classic archive print . However , itshould be kept in mind that this movie was filmed in cinecolor and nottechnicolor which accounts for the subdued colors and all the knobturning on the monitor will not change this . In fact , I found thelight colors to be most acceptable.Highly recommended for family viewing .
 Great family movie , from the time when Hollywood stillregularly included examples of good moral values in itsofferings aimed at youth . I concur with Dudley Tate ` sreview in that aspect . This piece is very easy to watch , and the extended battle between the horse and the blackbear is the only violence in it.As to the quality of the print , however , I must disagree.This film was obviously not shot on Kodachrome . Theprint used to make the DVD has faded heavily towardred and green tones , and no amount of adjusting of color , tint , contrast , or brightness on my set could restorea full color spectrum . But that is minor.For its intended audience , it succeeds wonderfully .
 This rare interview and mini documentary provides a rare look into a extraordinary and ordinary life . I commend the determination in getting this footage . I just wish there was more ...
 Nicely done . Great background on producer/interviewer 's search , early life history and finally a very personal and touching interview . A glimpse of a very normal grandmother figure who led an extraordinary life . We see a woman show her spirit and sensitive side ... and love of family . Sheds an amazing light on an upbringing that is otherwise mysterious and difficult to comprehend .
 This is THE ultimate Godzilla movie!Great acting , Great battle scenes , and a great plot!The corny special effects and wierd costumes only add to the movie by adding comedy!Even better that the original .
 This was a huge step-up after the bomb known as Ghidrah , the Three Headed Monster . Unlike Ghidrah , the Three Headed Monster , this one actualy had a plot ! But who cares about plot when you got monsters fighting in the streets of major cities !
 No need to go into the plot . Just about every reviewer here has given their take on the fun mess.The movie is obviously directed toward children . Little kids are more prone to being awed by make-believe monsters and are thrilled by the notion of space flight - and they 're more forgiving when the whole of the story does not make sense . All they know -LRB- or perhaps care about -RRB- is that it 's `` Good Guys vs. Bad Guys '' and the Good Guys always win . Sprinkle a little G-rated butt-kicking by people in rubber suits in the mix , and the tots will love it.Still , in terms of motion-picture quality , there are plenty of `` Good Guy/Bad Guy '' children 's movies out there that are very well done . I can only surmise that this film 's `` Dr. Who-like quality of being filmed in some teenager 's basement '' is the result of having next to no budget to put this movie together.The usual cast of Japanese contract players have roles , supposedly because they were still under contract when the film was shot ! The addition of US actor Nick Adams makes the contract players seem extraordinarily talented . -LRB- Adams was also in a movie called `` Die , Monster , Die '' with Boris Karloff . He was just as wooden and god-awful in that film , too . I read on here that Adams was nominated for an Oscar . All I can say is , if Nicky seemed good enough to get a nod from his peers , then there must have been one heck of a director on that film , with a heavy hand in the editing booth -RRB- . Nevertheless , I have to admit that I bought the DVD of this film knowing what I would be getting . It 's a cheese-fest , a piece of garbage with no artistic merit ; yet , I enjoy watching it . I ca n't help but feel a bit nostalgic , watching the film and thinking back to a day when life seemed so much simpler and less stressful . The film is fun to watch for that reason alone.If this movie has n't hit `` cult-classic '' status yet , I 'd be surprised . It 's right up there with `` Attack of the Killer Tomatoes . ''
 In this movie , Godzilla and Rodan are literally `` kidnapped '' by aliens from a planet which lies behind Jupiter and hence apparently stayed undetected - called Planet X. Monster `` 0 '' is the number given to King Ghidorah -LRB- or Ghidrah -RRB- by the species which inhabit this planet who are constantly being attacked by it . Godzilla and Rodan are also given numbers as Monster `` 001 '' and `` 002 '' . The aliens need to `` change worlds '' -LRB- as many an alien seems to want to do in science-fiction movies -RRB- and , naturally , what better place than Earth , huh ? They are chronically short of water on Planet X and need a fresh new start . They want to conquer Earth with the help of Godzilla , Rodan and Ghidrah which they control perfectly through their advanced technology transmissions of complex `` monster language '' signals via transmitters . They trick humans into helping them get Godzilla an Rodan to drive out Ghidrah -LRB- Monster Zero -RRB- from Planet X and offer them the formula for a `` cure-all '' miracle drug which can cure all disease.I found the ideas in the plot quite entertaining . However , I have always had a problem with how Godzilla seems to refrain from using mainly his atomic breath against Ghidorah and instead opts to using `` wrestling tactics '' which is quite ridiculous and frankly stupid - unfitting of the tradition of Godzilla movies.I mean , the fact is , if you have seen Godzilla 2000 and how Godzilla literally blasts out of the alien there with the sheer Armageddon-like power of his atomic breath , and knowing Ghidorah 's powerful `` lightning bolts '' , Godzilla should not even be able to get close to Ghidorah if the lightning bolts are fired at him constantly ... so how does he manage to literally twist Ghidrah and wrestle him etc. . . ??!! This tactic is also used in other Ghidorah movies ; perhaps the special effects required were too expensive - I mean to have both monsters firing at each other . Also , Rodan also has an electrical charge which he can thrust about but we do n't see this until much later movies in the 1990 's . When the humans manage to destroy the alien 's transmitters , Godzilla and Rodan , -LRB- who are very happy allies indeed ! -RRB- re-unite to drive out King Ghidorah back into space and away from Earth . The aliens are also handed a well-deserved defeat -LRB- which I wo n't reveal -RRB- . The sound quality of my video was rather poor and required that I turn it up but other than that , it was acceptable quality.I recommend this films for Godzilla enthusiast for it gives a new setting for Godzilla movies which usually take place on Earth and the aliens are a rather interesting idea too .
 `` In defense of the earth ... we 're gon na fight to the last man , baby ! '' With words that ca n't but stir the virile red blood of every patriotic , right-thinking American male , `` our boy '' Nick Adams , in MONSTER ZERO , tells off the treacherous -LRB- Communist ? -RRB- aliens and destabilizes the inhuman tastes of alien women . Nick was a great actor , and proves it here , where he manages to inspire even when trying desperately not to kill Fuji 's nerdy would-be brother-in-law in the alien prison . As for Godzilla , why is everybody so down on his moves after he defeats `` King Ghidrah '' -LRB- as Nick inexplicably calls him -RRB- ? So far as I was concerned , that was nearly the highlight of the movie . The most implausible thing about it is the spectacle of the Earth 's `` Council of Physicians '' approving the plan to rid the world of all known diseases . You KNOW the AMA would never let that happen . Anyway , grab some cold ones -LRB- preferably Sapporo -RRB- and beer nuts and watch the movie dressed in a kimono while oozing into a Barcalounger for that perfect multicultural experience . That still wo n't stop you from wondering what would have happened if the aliens had been forced to go up against Matt Helm .
 `` Godzilla vs Monster Zero '' , next to `` Ghidrah '' & the original `` Godzilla , King of the Monsters '' , is the best of the Toho Godzilla flicks . This one has got it all
 Godzilla vs. Monster Zero is brilliant . It is a thouhrly enjoyable mix of monster action and human drama , a combination , which in the Godzilla movies , can be sometimes terrible . Although the monsters are in very little of it , Godzilla , Rodan and Ghidrah -LRB- Monster Zero -RRB- further enhance an excellent movie . The plot begins when a mysterious planet is discovered near Jupiter . The planets inhabitants are being terrorised by Ghidrah . If Earth sends them Godzilla and Rodan , to battle Ghidrah , they will trade them the cure for all diseases . But are these aliens as good as they seem ? This would really appeal to someone who enjoys monster movies and Science Fiction . An excellent film , probably the last good Godzilla movie in a while .
 this is one of the bestof the films before they started to get stupid when entering the 90souther good ones to look forGodzilla , king of the monsters 1954 Godzilla raids again 1955 King Kong vs. Godzilla 1963 Godzilla vs. Mothra 1964 Ghidrah , the three headed monster 1965 Godzilla vs. Monster Zero 1966 Godzilla vs. the Sea Monster 1967 Son of Godzilla 1968 Destroy all monsters 1969 Godzilla 's revenge 1970 Godzilla vs. the Smog Monster 1971 Godzilla vs. Gigan 1972 Godzilla vs. Megalon 1973 Godzilla vs. MechaGodzilla 1974 Terror of MechaGodzilla 1975 Godzilla 1985 1984 Godzilla vs. Biollante 1989 Godzilla vs. King Ghidora 1991 any godzilla film after will be zilla poop
 This is one of the best entries in the Godzilla series , and until 2002 's magnificent `` GMK '' , was probably the best sequel since 1964 's `` Mothra vs. Godzilla '' . It also is the only entry in the original series to feature an American Oscar-nominated actor in the original version -LRB- unlike Raymond Burr , who was added in later for the Americanized `` Gojira ''
 Campy ? Well the dubbed versions usually are , but the original Japanese versions are a bit more serious -- a detail worth paying attention to . The dubbing was done in the US by people who clearly did n't understand or respect this kind of Japanese film.These remastered version are extraordinary . The art direction -- even on these later movies when Toho did n't have as much money to spend -- is superb . Lots of imagination and real magic -- visually this is much more interesting than much of what was being produced elsewhere in the world at this time and I wish we 'd start giving Toho , and the Japanese film industry , some credit for this . These are great and highly entertaining films!Check out the Tokyo Shock releases
 This film is one of my childhood favs . It is one of the few Godzilla films that I actually do not fast forward through the ridiculous human drama . TOHO has rehashed the story of this one many times the latest being `` Godzilla
 I grew up watching Godzilla movies whenever they would hit late afternoon or late night -LRB- on the weekends -RRB- TV back before cable let you watch whatever you want whenever you want . Now it 's great catching up on these `` classic '' Godzilla suit movies using the new tech , and this is one of the better ones ! It has Godzilla , Rodan , and King Ghidra -LRB- Monster Zero -RRB- all in one movie PLUS aliens bent on taking over the world to boot ! The hand built sets -LRB- which get stomped on and blown up -RRB- are wonderful , and the monster suits are still fun to see . Sometimes realism gets in the way of pure enjoyment , but not here ! If you 're a fan , this is one not to be missed .
 The tape brings back fond memories of Saturday afternoons watching these beasts go at it . My son loves watching it as much as I did .
 The movie is corny , But then that was the one thing I loved about Godzilla . You had to use your imagination , I have 22 Godzilla movies right now , I love Godzilla . The DVD was in great shape when it arrived on on time . I 'll be ordering from this company again
 a pernsonl faveroite of mine , i like nick adams in here he did a great job doing this film the special effets were awsome mostly for the time the alien plot was also good the destruction in here was great and ghidrah was seen more than he was in the last film and the screen qulity was also very good -LSB- i have the widescreen edition -RSB- a very well made film my faveroite of the showa serise the victory dance was also funny !
 OK , we got a newly discovered planet X that tricks the Earth into giving up Godzilla -LRB- ? -RRB- . The aliens are left over rejects from Flash Gorden forty years before . The people in these monster costumes certainly earned their money on this one . Kudos to the man who actually made Godzill do his Russian style celebration dance . I know there are a whole lotta Godzilla fans out there . But when it comes down to it , this is one of the hokiest movies ever dreamed up . Rock on Godzilla .
 One of the very best Godzilla movies , presented here in excellent form . The full screen side of the disc is the same old cropped video version that was available on vhs years ago . But the widescreen side was a big surprise to me , looking great , sounding great . It was like watching a whole new film ! And it included the original MONSTER ZERO credits ! Usually the Godzilla series does not get treated this good . I recommend picking up this dvd . You wont be sorry !
 This was always one of my favorite films as a kid
 The pendulum swings again from mediocrity to excellence . Just as `` Godzilla vs. Mothra '' improved spectacularly over `` Godzilla vs. King Kong '' , so does `` Godzilla vs. Monster Zero '' outshine its predecessor , `` Ghidrah , The Three-Headed Monster '' . Given that there is nothing stylistically different between `` Ghidrah '' and `` Monster Zero '' , I have to conclude that the whole crew is simply trying harder in this film . It shows , from the excellent outer space effect and battle sequences ; to the smart , taut plot ; to the convincing star turns by Akira Takahara and Nick Adams . This film succeeds on several levels ; as a buddy flick , drama , fantasy battle , and science fiction film . This is an unusually sumptous Godzilla film , rich with context , effects and imagery . Alas , we do n't get a similar kaiju feast for several films to come .
 Astronauts Fugi and Glenn are sent to investigate the newly discovered Planet X , and there they encounter a race of super-intelligent aliens called the Xians who need the help of Planet Earth . Ghidrah the Three Headed Astro-Monster -LRB- Monster Zero -RRB- is destroying the mysterious planet , and forcing it ` s inhabinats to live underground . And only the monsters Zero One and Zero Two -LRB- Godzilla and Rodan -RRB- can stop Ghidra , so the Xians want to transport Earth ` s monsters to their world.So the leaders of Japan agree to the plan-but the Xians take control the of monsters and use them as weapons to conquer the Earth ! As the aliens and their monsters storm the Earth with a campaign of destruction , military forces struggle to save the helpless victims while Japan ` s sceintists race to discover the Aliens true weakness.Invasion of the Astro-Monster was directed by Ishiro Honda , the first and the best of the Godzilla directors . Featuring images of superb quality taken from the film ` s original print , this 1966 classic is a valuable collector ` s treasure .
 I liked it . I just do n't understand why Monster Zero was n't just called Ghidorah .
 The Very Cool part is because this is Godzilla and Godzilla -LRB- Gojira in japanese -RRB- is ALWAYS cool . The movie is basically about some aliens that wants to borrow Godzilla and Rhodan to take care of a little King Gidrah problem that they have , however that is not quite how it turns out . The Very Bad part is about the way the aliens are portrayed and to some extent the fact that Godzilla isnt in the movie all that much . But the bad aliens just makes it funny so all in all this movie is a must to any Godzilla fan . Run and Buy !
 As an obsessed Godzilla fan , this film -LRB- along with Godzilla vs Mechagodzilla & Godzilla vs Gigan -RRB- is my favorite of the series , including the heisi -LRB- sp ? -RRB- series . Do not get me wrong , all the godzilla films are my favorite 23 films ever -LRB- Yeah , even Godzillas revenge -RRB- but this one might just be my favorite . So we have 2 astronauts -LRB- One american one , by the way -RRB- launched into space and stumble upon a ` hidden ' planet the inhabitants call Planet X. Theese aliens have really cool costumes and the dubbing is not really that bad , although the controllers silly hand motions are sort of laughable , and they do seem to be a bit threatining . Now theese aliens happen to be every so often raided by the huge monster Monster Zero -LRB- everything is numbered on this planet , but Monster Zero is known as King Ghidra as mentioned by Glenn on Earth -RRB- . The aliens want to borrow Godzilla and Rodan to defeat Ghidra . Earth and X at first are peaceful , but then Earth really realizes that Planet X is no friendlier that Ghidirah himself . Now this film is fun ! Godzilla - the best character of the best movies there ever will be , and then Rodan - my second favorite ally next to Angirius -LRB- sp ? -RRB- battles , then teams up with him ! Then we have Mothra , who i really could have done without , is thrown up with the two monsters . Then my 3rd favorite Godzilla foe of ALL TIME -LRB- Next to Gigan and Mecagodzilla -RRB- = King Ghidirah the Three HEaded Monster HIMSELF in ALL of his golden scaled glory ! The film i think is well acted , and has good special effects for its time . I mean come on , some of the movies out today dont feature as cool looking villians as Ghidirah , let alone the Big G ! I think that the inventor character is some what annoying , but OK . I reccomend this to anyone with a VCR/DVD player . I assume alll Godzilla fans have seen it , if you havent , you arent a fan and HAVE to pick this one up - for you sake !
 This one ranks up with other godzilla movies like Godzilla vs Mothra and King of all Monsters . If you like the Godzilla movies with aliens trying to take over the earth , you 'll like this . It does get a little stupid when Nick adams pistol gets shot and it turns red .
 VIDEO QUALITY : Once again a two sided disc from Simitar . Side 1 contains the full screen TV version of `` Godzilla vs. Monster Zero '' and Side 2 contains the original 2.35:1 widescreen version . Sadly , Side 2 is not anamorphically enhanced . Side 1 's image is as you would expect - rubbish . You loose over half the image , the print has bad colouration and print damage . It will still hold some nostalgia for those that grew up with is though . Side 2 looks reasonably good , with vivid colours and a generally sharp image . At times there can be quite a lot of grain on screen though , and during some of the effects sequences it looks like someone dropped the print , stepped on it a could of times , attempted to rub it clean with a dirty sweatshirt and rammed it back in the machine ... I 'll stop drinking so much coffee ... As with all Simitar discs , there was also quite a lot of artifacting , most notably on Side 2 unfortunately . There was also the occasional rainbow effect , though it was very rare on this disc , and you would n't find it unless you were looking for it.AUDIO QUALITY : Side 1 comes packed with the original mono track , which sounds like it was kept in very good condition . There was n't any trace of crackling , hissing , fuzzing or any other kind of wear . The only problem I could really notice was a little distortion when the sound became slightly loud , but then I doubt this mono track was exactly designed for home cinema systems with such huge subwoofers . Side 2 contains both the original mono track and an all new 5.1 track designed by Simitar . The mono track on this side is on par with Side 1 , if not slightly better . The 5.1 track is pretty much the same as the mono , in fact I hardly noticed anything different about it at all . Some of the sound effects during the battles had a little more bass , and there were some new sound effects during the military battles that really sounded odd and did n't blend well with the film , though that 's really the extent of this track 's differences.EXTRA FEATURES : Again , it carries the same basic features as all Simitar discs
 This is one of my favorite Godzilla movies of all time . Monster Zero -LRB- better known as King Ghidorah -RRB- is to my eyes the most impressive foe Godzilla ever fought . Maybe it 's just me , but the special effects of Ghidorah are stellar , much better than those of Godzilla himself . The plot features about everything I want in a good old-fashioned monster movie
 Firstly , in this movie , Godzilla and Rodan are shown attacking humans a lot towards the end . They do n't do anything ` heroic ' except fighting with King Ghidorah , but , King Ghidorah is a planet-killing space dragon , so when Godzilla and Rodan fight him , I think its more because they want to stay alive than because of any ` heroic ' motives , and , as anyone who 's seen a movie from this series -LRB- meaning , not the Heisei or Millenium series -RRB- will know , if either of them fought King Ghidorah alone they would probably be killed off very quickly.This is a movie where King Ghidorah is shown as he should be -LRB- well , he was debuted in the last movie for the purpose of being the main villain of the series -RRB- . From movies like this , its clear that King Ghidorah is a considerably considerably greater threat than the later G-villains , such as Mechagodzilla for example.Although , there is some corny stuff here , keep in mind that in Japan , G-movies are designed so that a very general audience -LRB- in Japan , obviously -RRB- can relate to them . Because that means there will always be some kids in the audience they throw corny stuff into G-movies at various points throughout the movies.Rodan is my favorite kaiju , and I would recommend the movie to most people who are fans of Rodan.Finally , I 've heard random sources saying that about 45 minutes of this movie were editing out and similar things . This is not true because the American version of this movie is 92 minutes long and the Japanese version is 94 minutes long .
 King Ghidorah is back ! Unfortunately the three headed dragon is hanging out on Planet X , a desolate place run by a bunch of humorless guys in cheesy costumes and razor thin sunglasses -LRB- Devo ? -RRB- . Seems that they want to `` borrow '' Godzilla and Rodan to protect themselves from this tri-headed pest . But if they can capture and control Godzilla and Rodan then why ca n't they guide the Golden One into the nearest black hole or something ? This thought occurs to no one on Earth , so we gladly hand over our only defensive kaiju . Duh . Planet X then sweeps in and takes over Earth . Whoops . This entertaining b-movie contains Godzilla 's infamous victory dance on Planet X , as well as Nick Adams , who fits in surprisingly well as the only English speaker of the bunch . The letterboxed edition is an essential for all diehard G-fans and recommended to those just looking for goofy fun . Pefect for a Saturday or Sunday afternoon .
 Ghidra , my favorite evil monster ! I remember hopping all over the familyroom whenever he battled Godzilla ! In MONSTER ZERO , we 've got tricky aliens from planet X who try using Godzilla -LRB- Monster Zero 1 -RRB- , Rodan -LRB- Monster Zero 2 -RRB- , and Ghidra -LRB- Monster Zero -RRB- to take over the earth . They control Godzilla and Rodan 's tiny minds , and almost succeed in their nefarious plot , if not for the kooky invention of one goofball scientist . With his machine , the aliens lose control of Godzilla & Rodan , who turn on Ghidra for a rubber-suited battle-royal ! I just watched this with my 7yo and loved watching him bounce around like I once did ...
 For the longest time I was not fond of `` Godzilla Vs. Monster Zero , '' mainly because I thought the plot was unoriginal . Aliens from outer space try to take over the earth using monsters under their control . If someone wanted to conquer the world this hardly seems a conventional method with which to do it . I really started warming up to this film when I began to appreciate it more from a comical standpoint . Whether it be the cheezy looking aliens from Planet X , some terrific over-acting by `` Slick Nick '' Adams , or Godzilla 's unforgettable victory dance after defeating Ghidorah , this film shows that Godzilla movies have a sense of humor about themselves . I strongly recommend watching this one with some friends and a couple cases of beer .
 Only time an American actor lands the lead role -LRB- Nick Adams -RRB- . This one is one of my top 10 favorite Godzilla movies . Its not the best , but their is a nice feeling to it . Aliens from Planet X trick the people of the earth and monster-nap Godzilla and Rodan in order to take over the planet . Includes the infamous Godzilla victory dance ! Nicely done .
 I saw this film when I was about 6 , and did not see it for about 15 years , it at once reminded me of how I felt then . True the dialogue is weird , sentences is Japanese must be longer . The plot is absolutly wafer thin , there is no reason for half of what happens . Having said that , why do people watch Godzilla ? Answer , to see monsters kicking each others arses ! With this film you get it in spades !
 A fine follow-up to ` Ghidrah ' in which alien beings need to borrow Godzilla and Rodan to stop the three-headed monster from destroying their home-world . Though the series was becoming increasingly campy during the sixties -LRB- Godzilla does a highland fling in this film -RRB- , ` Monster Zero ' is nevertheless a terrific piece of sci-fi/fantasy . The leading characters , notably Nick Adams , are well-cast and interesting , the monster scenes are terrific and there is barely a dull moment .
 This film , too often dismissed as a campy space opera , is , in fact , quite an entertaining and well-done sci-fi adventure . Nick Adams , a particular sore spot for many reviewers , actually turns in a pretty good performance as brash American astronaut Glen . He is a perfect foil for Akira Takarada 's uptight Fuji . The always reliable and beautiful Kumi Mizuno brings a great deal of strength and pathos to her role as Ms. Namikawa . Director Ishiro Honda exhibits a sure hand throughout , wringing maximum suspense and excitement out of the effects and situations . Spfx supervisor Eiji Tsubaraya , though hampered by ever-declining budgets , creates some magnificent set-pieces . His humanizing of the monsters , particularly Godzilla , has drawn a great deal of criticisms from both kaiju purists and mainstream critics . However , this allowed Japanese monsters to finally break from their American sci-fi roots and to become uniquely Japanese creations . Like it , or love it , the monsters ' antics work well in the film -LRB- with the exception of Godzilla 's victory dance -RRB- and generally do not detract from the proceedings . Once again , Akira Ifukube contributes a fantastic score . This is an excellent film !
 overall a good godzilla flick as godzilla and rodan go at it with ghidrah on planet x. later the 3 monsters attack tokyo who are controlled by the invaders . as usual the acting and diolauge is comical . watch godzilla do a victory dance after the first encounter with ghidrah on planet x.
 The ultimate , surreal Godzilla film ever . I own this DVD version and I do n't even have a player ! A must have . It looks so `` now '' and and an obvious influence on `` Mars Attacks '' . I 've seen this film about 50 times - and I can proudly say , I get more stupid every time . If you have ` nt seen it , you have ` nt lived !
 This sequel to Ghidrah the Three Headed Monster totally blows away the first Ghidrah movie . Ghidrah kicks in this film . A little corny in a few spots , but overall , this movie rules and is one of the highlights of the original series . Good plot , wonderful acting , great dialogue , good effects , and a considerable amount of action and monsters . Wonderful !
 Aliens on a previously unknown planet in the solar system want to borrow Godzilla and Rodan in order to deal with Ghidorah , who has been terrorising their world , in return for a drug which can cure all diseases . But the aliens turn out to be not quite as friendly as they seem.One of the best of the Godzilla films . The monster sequences are good , there are plenty of interesting characters and the theme involving the ` previously unknown world beyond Jupiter ' must have been nicely topical -LRB- Chiron , which turned out to be a large asteroid but which was at first considered to be a new planet between Jupiter and Saturn , was discovered around the time of this film 's original release . -RRB-
 If you like romantic comedies with a lot of drama , then The Object of My Affection is the film for you . It is a sweet , touching story with great performances from Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd . It 's a great date movie and is great for anyone who just had their hear broken . If your a homophobe do n't watch the film . You wo n't like it . If you 're a hopeless romantic , this film 's for you . I rented it and watched it 3 times . I 'm buying it so I can watch it over and over again .
 this movie is so depressin
 I loved this movie from beginning to end . Jennifer Aniston was magnifique in her portrayal as the emotionally vulnerable Nina Borowski and Paul Rudd was excellent . To me , the movie was filled with emotions of love and lust that each and everyone of us feel when we love someone and ca n't have them . I thought to an extent that it related well everyone because all of us have been in the situation where the '' ... object of ones affection shows rather less enthuiasm as one might have hoped '' I personally loved this movie and recommend it to anyone whose ever had there heart broken . Do n't bother to see it if your a homophobe or a closet case because you wo n't like it .
 I loved this movie from beginning to end . Jennifer Aniston was magnifique in her portrayal as the emotionally vulnerable Nina Borowski and Paul Rudd was excellent . To me , the movie was filled with emotions of love and lust that each and everyone of us feel when we love someone and ca n't have them . I thought to an extent that it related well everyone because all of us have been in the situation where the '' ... object of ones affection shows rather less enthuiasm as one might have hoped '' I personally loved this movie and recommend it to anyone whose ever had there heart broken . Do n't bother to see it if your a homophobe or a closet case because you wo n't like it .
 I saw this movie with the `` object of my affection '' who is gay . I cried from the beginning to the end , and continued crying afterwards . Everything shown in the movie is so real that people who have ever loved a gay would probably feel the same , would have probably lived the same things . The performance is excellent . While I was waching it , it was as if I were there , living in the screen . This kind of movies really shows that love , in fiction as well as in reality , goes beyond sex , society and beyond everything . If you have ever been in this situation be strong , be breave , learn from it .
 I absolutely loved this movie ! It just goes to show that you ca n't help who you love . And , you ca n't make someone love you ... be IN love with you ... no matter how much you want it . The ending could n't have been more perfect !
 Object of my Affection has got to be the greatest movie of all time . It totally captured my heart , and every time I watch it I love it more and more . If you are a hopeless romantic , you 'll love this movie .
 I was really surprised by this film . It showed unconventional relationships in a honest and refreshing way . Superb performances by the entire cast make this movie work - I highly recommend it .
 I love the movie because it has Paul Rudd , who is the leading gay character . Jenifer Anniston is good too . If you like Jennifer movies you will love this one as well . Although she doea n't get to be with George -LRB- the gay character -RRB- , there is a really sweet scene where she comes on to him but they do n't end up going through with it since his ex calls in the middle of it.I like the way that Paul Rudd plays in it and I am getting the DVD of it because of him and not as much her .
 It seems that many people think that this script was implausible . I actually feel that several of the situations are fairly true-to-life , ESPECIALLY the case of a straight girl falling in love with her gay friend.I think that it is true that most people do not believe that we can change a person 's sexual preference . But I also think that when women get involved emotionally with a man , they naturally begin to have physical feelings for him as well . Nina 's boyfriend says as much to George at one point.Some may think the script is clunky , and maybe it is n't smooth Hollywood romantic comedy at it 's best , but that adds to the realism . This film is not a comedy , and to market it as such is probably what made so many disappointed viewers . This is a heartbreaking tale of modern unrequited love.Although the last ten minutes are EXCEPTIONALLY cheesy , I will admit !
 This bittersweet love story strikes many many truthful chords ; the wonderful book by Stephen McCauley is somewhat diffused of its grit and twists with a strangely PC script by Wendy Wasserstein . Yet Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston generate a winning chemistry , and the entire supporting cast is uniformly superb . What I found most compelling in this movie , which is sprinkled with genuine humor , is the real-life dilemma young people find themselves in when they make choices without considering the forest through the trees . There are real emotionally charged situations explored here , and the fact that Rudd 's character is gay is important , but his homosexuality is not the primary concern . I was definitely moved by this film , though I found the ending superfluous and silly ; it seemed like a politically correct way to tie up loose strings .
 Maybe the acting in the movie is n't Oscar material . . but the beauty behind this film lies in the honesty and compassion that is very difficult to portray on screen between straight & gay society . If you 're gay , there is almost a piercing effect that the movie has on your heart . If you 're straight , you may learn something new or come to a realization that all things are not what they always seem to be . The movie has a good balance of personalities , a few pleasant twists , and enough romantic irony for some to dominate a box of kleenex through the entire movie .
 Though classified as a romantic comedy , `` The Object of My Affection '' is in actuality an intense drama under the surface . The movie explores the paths of Nina -LRB- Aniston -RRB- and George 's -LRB- Rudd -RRB- relationship as it grows and changes over the course of the movie . It examines the issue of male/female plutonic relationships in a very real way , though with a gay spin . This is not a funny movie , but a serious drama about the lives and loves of two people who end forging an incredible relationship with each other .
 People who complain about how `` unsatisfying '' this movie is TRULY DO N'T GET IT . It 's not about the happy ending , per se . It 's really about how complicated human emotions can get , and how they can be beautiful and painful at the same time.This movie also explores the boundaries of love -- it can go beyond sexual orientation and outside situations . These two characters truly love each other , but the real world intervenes.Truly a touching and beautiful movie .
 For those who want their gays flaming and loud , go back to `` The Birdcage '' -- `` Object of My Affection '' is not for you . If you want complex character and plot development , this movie is for you . Perhaps the only flaw is that there are so many characters and conflicts -LRB- not just sexuality but gender , race , and class as well -RRB- , the movie is painted in broad strokes . But the movie does n't slam you over the head with caricatures and stereotypes or a pat ending .
 This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time . I watched this one over and over again and I ca n't get enough of it . Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd are just adorable , the -LRB- gay themed -RRB- story is magnificient , there is a great balance between comedy and tragedy , everything in this movie is worth the five stars .
 Romantic drama with a relatively light touch , Jennifer Aniston -LRB- Nina -RRB- and Paul Rudd -LRB- George -RRB- are convincing as a social worker and gay teacher who confront the emotional boundaries of love between `` straight '' and `` gay '' . Excellent supporting cast includes Alan Alda -LRB- `` M.A.S.H. '' -RRB- , Nigel Hawthorne -LRB- `` Yes , Prime Minister '' -RRB- and John Pankow as Vince , Nina 's boyfriend and father to her unborn child.The plot - Nina wants George , rather than Vince , to be the father of her child - is a vehicle for exploring not only the different attitudes informing hetero - and homosexual love , but of those differences between men and women . Nigel Hawthorne 's character Rodney , a `` gay '' theatre critic living in an unrequited relationship with a young gay actor , eloquently summarises the dilemma facing people in love , in a genuinely heartfelt moment towards the film 's end . Rodney questions Nina 's resolve to have a gay man be the father of her child
 Jennifer Aniston stars as Nina , a social worker who invites a recently dumped gay friend -LRB- Paul Rudd -RRB- to move in with her while he gets back on his feet . George and Nina begin to bond during late-night talks over big bowls of ice cream , and soon Nina realizes she?s falling in love with him , despite the fact that he?s gay and she has a boyfriend , Vince -LRB- John Pankow -RRB- . Nina breaks up with Vince , but soon discovers she is pregnant . Instead of telling Vince , Nina asks George to help her raise the baby.George cares deeply for Nina and agrees , but as time passes , he realizes that he needs to see men again . He attends a conference with his former lover Robert -LRB- Tim Daly -RRB- , where he runs into old friend Rodney -LRB- Nigel Hawthorne -RRB- and his new boytoy , Paul -LRB- Amo Gulinello -RRB- . Paul and George immediately hit it off and begin a relationship , much to Nina?s dismay . Can they all find love and happiness , or will they find themselves alone in the end?This movie was one of the first gay-themed movies I ever saw . I remember crying my way through it because I was n't out yet and it touched something inside me . This movie played a big part in my decision to come out . I made all my friends watch it and gauged their reaction . The story of the relationship between George and Nina helped me explain about being gay.Aside from its educational uses , the movie is a wonderfully written and acted story . Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd have a real chemistry and the story is unflinchingly realistic . Recommended .
 Wonderful ! This movie is nearly perfect ! Jennifer Aniston is wondelful , funny and touching as Nina Berowski . Paul Rudd is woderfully memorable as her gay roomate George Hanson . The only flaw is John Pankow who tries to be many different people from the nice guy to the semi nice guy to the mean sick disgusting freak . Other than that , this movie is perfect ! Give it a rental , and see for yourself !
 I liked this movie . Any person who has ever suffered from unrequited love has to relate to the character of Nina . I thought the acting was superb too , especially Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd . The more I see of Aniston , the more I realize that she is a very , very good actress . She has a great expressive face , making the viewer feel every emotion with her . She and Rudd have great chemistry , and I 'd like to see them work together again . Their brief love scene was ... well , WOW ! Nigel Hawthorne -LRB- The Madness of King George -RRB- was also terrific . The man should be arrested for scene stealing !
 This is simply the best film I have ever seen . I was drawn to it as I am a huge fan of FRIENDS and am always interested in the cast member 's films but my love for it goes much further than that . Aniston and Rudd are superb and managed to give a tear-jerking performance throughout and the other cast members are also excellant . The thing that struck me most is that it is not a typical love story , girl does NOT get boy in the end , yet there is wonderful , feel good happy ending ! This film is funny , thought provoking , tear jerking , complex , beautifully written and extremely well acted - I love it .
 that I have ever seen . I feel qualified to comment , as the straight woman roommate/best friend of a gay man myself . Everyone 's story is unique , but this movie hits on real life feelings , situations and quirks . References to Fire Island , and such make it all the more realistic : -RRB-
 This is just the most beautiful movie in the world ! Jennifer and Paul were great ! The end of the weddingscene was the best I 've ever seen , Jennifer made it so real . It toke me almost a year to get it on a video here in Sweden , but it was worth the wait , now I 've seen it at least a hundred times , and would recommend it to everyone !
 The best film . I ca n't say no more . the most romantic , funny and beautifull . I do n't know why I ca n't buy it in my country . I would like to see it every day .
 this is a fantastic movie , wonderful characters , and the best of all , boy gets boy in the end . -LRB- No pun intended -RRB-
 The Object of My Affections fits into the romantic comedy genre , but with it 's unpredictable storyline and characters which are n't the usual cliches , it provides an interesting two hours viewing . Jennifer Aniston was n't too far away from her usual role , but Paul Rudd was excellent .
 I really enjoyed this movie because it was so original . They have never made a movie like this that was so fun to watch . And no , I did n't like it because I 'm gay myself . I really like movies that grab your attention as well as this did . Fun entertainment .
 I wrote a review ... it was there yesterday 12/20 and this morning 12/21 and now it 's gone ... Why?John D.
 This movie spoke all the emotions that dwelled within me . It takes a situation that can and does occur , and deals with it in a realistic , yet somewhat heart-wrenching way . If you have ever been in this situation , you will cry throughout the entire movie . Aniston and Rudd pull off a very believable performance . A must see !
 Like one of the other reviews of this movie , it 's like someone took a slice of my life and made a movie from it . I only wish that the ones of us in this real-life situation could be as strong and forward moving as ` Nina ' was . It was a great movie and I strongly recommend it to everyone .
 This is a GREAT movie . When I first saw it , I was blown away . Now ... after seeing it about 5 times , and in the recent months finding out that the person I was in love with -LRB- and still am -RRB- is gay , this movie really speaks to my heart . Rudd and Aniston are excellent and SO believable in this funny , but soul-searching romantic comedy . I have already recommended this movie to my friends and I hope that YOU watch it too .
 This is a wonderful film ! I went in thinking it would not live up to the book , but it was better than the book . I 've never really liked Jennifer Aniston that much , but she was brilliant in the role . Aniston and Rudd have great chemistry . An emotional tour-de-force !
 It 's about time that there 's a movie that can reach a general audience with a gay theme . Unlike the movie ` In & Out ' , ` Object ' attempts to show a gay character who portrays gay men in a more realistic light . Although there are definitley concessions made in the movie 's editing that create a more mainstream appeal , the movie still works . Hopefully this movie is a sign of good things to come from a more open and tolerant hollywood.The movie itself succeeds on the great performance of Jennifer Aniston . Although it 's hard to shake the ` Friends ' persona , Aniston wins the audience over . Paul Rudd and the rest of the cast do a good job , but it is Aniston that steals the show . Thank you for the great film !
 As soon as I saw this movie I rewound it and saw it again . Why ? Its a wonderful film , emotional and endearing . I found Nina 's dumping of Vinnie a bit harsh after discovering that George really wanted to handle the responsibility of bringing up her baby with her ... she just rid of him like she was taking out the garbage and that hit me as being a sore point.Anyway ... . I also kept my eyes on Paul Rudd . What a BABE !!!! He 'll go very far . He shone in CLUELESS , and he does an extremely good job in this film .
 One of Aniston 's best performances , not to menition Paul Rudd 's . The movie has the perfect blend of humor , depth and emotion . If done incorrectly , this movie could be dragged down by the weight of the context , but Aniston and Rudd are the perfect combination to give the storyline a hearty and humorous lift . Head-up younger person , and see this movie !
 Nina invited George to live with her after his boyfriend dump him , they start a frienship that makes everything looks like they found the perfect match for each other , but love in this frienship dos n't mix .
 I loved this movie for its refreshing portrayal of the possibilities of relationships . Aniston plays a wonderfully affirmative and convincing female lead . Fast , funny , heartfelt and hopeful .
 I have watched The Object of My Affection numerous times -LRB- they 're always running it on the ABC Family Channel -RRB- , and I have yet to tire of it . It is sweet , touching , funny , and well performed.Jennifer Aniston is perfectly cast as the lead character , Nina Borowski , and gives an excellent performance that making the viewer feel what she 's feeling . Paul Rudd , as her roommate and eventual love interest , is very appealing too . -LRB- In my opinion , he does n't really seem gay , but then again he does n't really need to . As long as the viewer just accepts the fact that he IS , it works . -RRB- John Pankow is great as Nina 's irritating boyfriend , Vince . And of course , Nigel Hawthorne does a wonderful job as Rodney . Big surprise.The best scene in the film is a scene where Nina 's overbearing sister , Constance -LRB- Allison Janney -RRB- , descends on Nina and George along with her equally annoying husband -LRB- Alan Alda -RRB- and daughter -LRB- Lauren Pratt -RRB- . It is so funny , and so well acted.All in all , The Object Of My Affection rates five stars in my book . Granted , there are some clunky bits in the script -LRB- as mentioned in the editorial review -RRB- , and some bits that require suspension of belief . But those things are easy to ignore , and more than likely , you 'll want to watch this film over and over again .
 This is a `` see it again and again '' kind of movie . I loved Aniston and Rudd together . Their chemistry was contagious!Nina Barowsky -LRB- played by Aniston -RRB- is the gentle yet independent social worker living in a modest Brooklyn walk up who struggles with the deeper questions of love , despite her doting boyfriend who will now be the father of her baby . George -LRB- Rudd -RRB- is the homosexual nursery school teacher who moves in with Nina after his boyfriend rudely dumps him . The friendship that ensues between Nina and George is touching and engrossing . You will love watching them ballroom dance , share ice cream while talking about first loves , and eventually come to terms with the reality that maybe they feel a bit more for each other than platonic friendship . Ah , the possibilities of `` WHAT IF 's '' ... . And Ms. Aniston is blessed with a gift of having the most expressive eyes in Hollywood today . Her saucers will speak volumes even when she 's just looking out a window.Alan Alda was great -LRB- and hilarious as always -RRB- as Nina 's brother in law . He has such a natural humor about him that any line delivered will have a comedic twist to it . Watch especially in the kitchen scene when he 's `` hotter than a goat in China '' and calling for a `` real BIG doctor '' during a medical emergency . Priceless comedy !
 The Object of My Affection is an extremely enjoyable movie . It 's all star cast give top performances . Jennifer Aniston is exceptional . Her performance as Nina is warm and endearing . She displays a depth , softness and vulnerability previously unseen in her . You will enjoy spending time with these characters . Allison Janney as Nina 's sister , and Steve Zahn as George 's brother , are especially fun.A standout moment is when Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston dance at his brother 's wedding . Broadway star Audra McDonald sings a sensational version of `` You Were Meant for Me '' with the band . The couple takes the spotlight on the dance floor with the moves they learned at Madame Reynolds ' dance class . New York is beautifully and lovingly filmed throughout this movie . Very well done . The DVD picture and sound quality is great .
 THIS IS THE BEST FILM EVER !!!!!! The Object Of My Affection is my favourite film , it sensitively conveys the emotions of two people in love , knowing nothing could ever happen between them , it 's a heartwarming and beautiful film with an amazing cast and another important thing it 's hillairious!It 's not just a chick-flick as some may presume just because it DOES N'T have a car chase in it , it 's good stuff ! Also the soundtrack is brilliant , it reflects the tone of the movie completely.Overall another great peice of entertainment from my idol , Jennifer Aniston . Not to be missed , buy it now !
 this is the type of movie that you can watch over and over again and not get sick of ! i loved the story , its so different than typical hollywood romantic stories!i think this is the best jennifer aniston movie , its totally worth watching : -RRB-
 i will surprise no one if i said that i am gay and i like this movie ; some part of my affection for this movie has to be the fact that rudd and aniston are unbearably cute in it ; so sue me
 I just finished watching this movie and I felt so happy . I loved it . It made me laugh , A LOT , and I cried when it was over . All of the relationships , and there are quite a few , were believable and interesting and I wish the movie were two hours longer . I was so taken with Jennifer Aniston , I had no idea she was such a good actress , she is incredibly appealing in this movie , and Paul Rudd is my new favorite actor , I 've never even heard of him before , he has the most expressive beautiful eyes . The acting was so good I was just drawn in , anyway I 'm no good at this movie review stuff , but I know when I 've seen a really good movie . I 'm so glad I saw this one , it made me feel good .
 I love Jennifer Aniston . I think she 's an outstanding , natural actress . I did n't really know anything about this movie , but decided to get it because of her . I 'm so glad I did . This is a very poignant movie that I 've watched over and over again . Well done .
 This movie is my movie from Ms.Jennifer . She does such a great job I just love this movie and no one can out do Jen . I love the movie so much I 'm out of words for it , it 's that good you do n't believe me watch it yourself .
 This is a great movie that touched me very deeply , because is not one of that moivies that you know what 's gon na happend.I 'd liked very much the end of the movie because it 's not what I wanted but it 's a very intelligent end.What makes the movie even better are the performances of Jennifer Aniston -LRB- of the hit sitcom ` Friends ' -RRB- , that makes you cry with her and Paul Rudd -LRB- of th ` Ciderhouse Rules ' -RRB- that makes the ` wrong ' decision but you ca n't hate him , he 's so lovely !
 It 's a grate movie .
 Not too movies come out that I can relate too . But this one is . I too like the main character in the movie fell in love with a gay man . One of my closet friends . I could really relate to how Nina was feeling . The movie was heartbreaking at some points . I guess because it sometimes hit too close to home . The acting is wonderful in the movie . I love Paul Rudd . It 's just a good movie from the start to the end . I think the end was good . It 's nice to have a happy ending because at times I felt the movie would n't have a happy ending .
 Comedy , romance and a touch of real life is what makes this movie so touching and inspiaring to watch over and over again . With well known stars such as Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd , just to name a few , this movie will touch you in some unbelivable ways . And the truth is the more you watch it the better it gets . Based on the novel written by Stephen McCauley this inspirational film about Love , Life and sexuallity will want you coming back to watch it over and over again . In other words , it is the best movie I have seen in a long , long time .
 I think this was the cutest romantic comedy I had ever seen . Jennifer and Paul work great together , even though they are n't the couple of the movie , I would still say it is totally adorable .
 I enjoyed this movie so much and made it a part of my video collection . I was especially moved by the tender relationship of George Hanson and Nina Borowski . I really wanted George and Nina to end up together . I found their friendship much more appealing . I think that the George/Paul relationship could have been further developed ... it was so flat and lacked any kind of emotional depth.Paul Rudd is wonderful as George Hanson . Why is Rudd not cast in more leading roles ? He 's a fine actor with a brilliant soul that shines through ... and the camera , as well as the audience , loves it . The film industry should do itself and Paul Rudd a favor and utilize this beautiful man 's talent .
 I ENJOYED THE OBJECT OF MY AFFECTION , , I THOUGHT THE PRICE WAS A LITTLE HIGH BUT IT WAS WORTH EVERY PENNY.KNOWING YOU CAN GET GOOD QUANITY IS ALWAYS WORTH A LITTLE MORE . . SO IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A FUNNY BUT SERIOUS MOVIE , TRY THIS MOVIE , YOU WONT BE DISAPOINTED . . DELORES
 I liked this movie . It 's not the best but it still is a good movie . It 's cute and you ca n't help but enjoy the characters and the journey the characters take you on . Some of the situations are a bit wierd and forced but that is lack of motivation in the script and not the actors . Everyone in this movie is note perfect in their roles and I would recomend this movie to anyone .
 I wish there were more special features and whatnot on the DVD , but this movie is great in my opinion . I could watch it over and over again without getting tired of it .
 The Object of My Affection starring Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd is sweet , affectionate , and honest . The chemistry between Aniston and Rudd is on fire ! They are so cute and gentle with each other , too bad Rudd plays a young , attractive gay man . Nina -LRB- Aniston -RRB- falls head over heels in love with George -LRB- Rudd -RRB- and she is pregnant with her ex-boyfriend 's baby but she wants George to raise the unborn baby as his own . Although this movie does fall toward the cheesy side , this movie is still worth owning . If you love Jennifer Aniston then this movie is for you . Happy viewing !
 This is a really good movie , with excellent actors , the main focus of the movie is on a gay relationship and Jennifer Aniston did a wonderfull work . You 're goona love it !
 With the `` gay 90 's '' in full steam , the producers at Twentieth Century Fox decided that they would produce a film that would represent the relationship a young urban woman and her gay male friend have while trying to rebound from broken relationships . That film , `` The Object of My Affection '' takes a major turn from the traditional Hollywood love story of the past.Nina , played by Jennifer Aniston -LRB- television 's `` Friends '' ; `` Office Space '' -RRB- and George , played by the lovable Paul Rudd -LRB- `` Clueless '' ; `` William Shakespeare 's Romeo & Juliet '' -RRB- are roommates living in New York City . George , who recently broke up with his boyfriend played by Tim Daly -LRB- television 's `` Wings '' -RRB- takes up Nina offer to room with her , but by doing so , it appears that both of them will be spending a lot of time together , almost like a couple.Nina 's infatuation with George begins to grow , and although he is gay , her attraction and love for him thrives in her . As the film progresses , Nina asks George if he wants to help her raise her unborn child together as a couple , and he agrees . Yet , love steps in the way as George meets a young actor that sweeps him off his feet . Soon there is little time for Nina , and the plot continues as it explores the aftermath of Nina and George 's once brief , non-sexual relationship.Director Nicholas Hytner does an excellent job in capturing Rudd and Aniston 's charm onscreen . Both actors are excellent , and I must admit that Rudd 's character is so adorable and cute , that it will make every straight woman want a gay friend like him in their lives . The film , which ends on a happy note , could have been a bit much more better if we got more of the outcome from George 's and Nina 's new romances . `` The Object of My Affection '' is one of the cutest romances to come out in years . I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to understand what life for a single woman and gay male in the big city can be . Overall , an excellent comedy that serves justice telling a politically correct relationship .
 Great movie , deep feelings , will totally involve you in the drama . Great to open new expectations ...
 I do n't see how people can see this as a comedy . Its really quite an excellent drama and a complex one at that . A grade above your average `` Titanic '' love story . And a special award should be given to Nigel Hawthorn who creates a heart breaking three dimensional character despite the small screen time .
 I have to admit that this is a favorite movie of mine and I 'm thrilled that it 's finally coming to DVD . It 's hardly challenging . It 's not political . There 's nothing outstanding about the filmmaking technique . It 's simply a pleasant diversion , and as such , I enjoy it a great deal . And while it goes out of its way not to offend anyone , it does break some new ground in terms of mainstream Hollywood movies.The story centers around the friendship of a gay schoolteacher , George -LRB- Paul Rudd -RRB- , who is dumped by his boyfriend . -LRB- ... -RRB- It 's a charming movie , with terrific performances throughout . Rudd and Anniston share terrific chemistry together . White is appropriately sleazy . Allison Janney and Alan Alda as Nina 's sister and brother-in-law offer hilarious support . And Nigel Hawthorne as Paul 's mentor , provides the movie with heart and soul . Pulitzer-prize winning playwright Wendy Wasserstein adapts Stephen McCauley 's novel , and the script is solid . Nicholas Hytner 's direction is assured . The movie is filled with laughs and genuine emotion . The scene in the gym where Nina confronts Stephen packs incredible power.Some have complained that George is too perfect and too nice -- that the filmmakers were so concerned about having the mainstream audience accept him as a character that they went out of his way to make him bland and inoffensive . There might be a little truth in that , but I think Rudd 's performance makes the character feel genuine at all times . -LRB- ... -RRB- However , the one thing that really pleases me about this movie is that it was the first mainstream Hollywood movie that allowed its gay character to be gay . -LRB- I exclude `` Torch Song Trilogy '' from this analysis as TST was about gay relationships . -RRB- Up to this point , gay characters were everybody 's best friend or problem . Window dressing to offer witty banter or to show us how liberal our heterosexual leads were . The gay characters were only gay because we were told they were -- they were never allowed to have a romance of their own . Their love lives were always non-existent . The fact that George not only meets another guy and dates him . They have a genuine romantic and sexual relationship , something that most mainstream Hollywood movies rarely addressed with their gay male characters , unless as a `` problem . `` I have no idea what , if any extras , will be on the DVD . Frankly , I do n't care . I 'll be happy enough just to have it on DVD . But , once it has come out -LRB- as it were -RRB- , I will revisit this review to discuss said extras -LRB- should there be some of note -RRB- . If you like this movie , then I strongly recommend
 Combine great acting , humor and a storyline that has substance , and you have the Object of My Affection . Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd put it all together with such smooth , realistic performances , that the story of a young woman falling in love with her gay roomate is presented in a truly touching manner . There are complications , of course , giving a continuous interest from beginning to end . Jennifer Aniston performs as many great actresses have
 This movie is really great , the acting is superb , especially Jennifer Aniston -- she showed us that she can be more than just Rachel on Friends . It is a real contemporary love story about Nina , who asks a young gay teacher to move in with her after just meeting him at a dinner party . What we find , is that over a year of being roommates , Nina falls for George and when she gets pregnant by her controlling boyfriend , she decides she wants to raise the baby with George . It is a great storyline with a very touching ending . I read the book based on this movie , the book was based on George 's point of view and so it was great to see Nina 's side of the story . If you want a touching and unique love story , rent or even better , purchase The Object of My Affection , and while you 're at it , read the book , is a great book !
 I did n't think I could watch a movie about a straight woman who fell in love with a gay man without a lot of cynical and not-politically-correct comments . I mean , I 've seen too much of it.But when I watched this movie , what struck me was not the sexual orientation of the characters , but the age-old bittersweet heartbreak of unrequited love . And that is what comes bleeding through in this movie.Jennifer Anniston is a very lovely young woman who has a penchant for falling for men who are n't right for her . -LRB- Fear of commitment ? -RRB- When handsome , sensitive Paul Rudd -LRB- who just happens to be a sensational dancer -RRB- comes into her life , it just figures she 'll veer towards him instead of her doting but domineering boyfriend -LRB- a great supporting character in a movie full of great supporting characters -RRB- . He is gay , but is clearly troubled by an attraction that just does n't seem to fit his lifestyle -LRB- as is she -RRB- . These two really love one another , but ca n't make it work . And is that really all so strange , in the gay OR straight world ? Not at all . The dance scenes , to the Gene Kelley movie , are lovely and lyrical.I say BAH ! to all the gay reviewers out there who said this movie almost said something , but did n't . They 're reading too much into it . It 's about unrequited love , pure and complicated . Just look at Nina 's -LRB- Jennifer 's -RRB- face as she tells George she wants to marry him , that she wants him to want her just as she wants him . That 's enough to make you cry .
 When I rented this movie , I thought `` Ah a Jennifer Aniston movie ... she 's gon na play the shallow but nice girl , gon na meet a guy ... etc. '' In other words
 The Object Of My Affection is a great Flick . I am so excited it 's finally on DVD . This movie takes place in New York City with our former Twin Tower buildings as the beautiful backdrop . The movie is about a women named Nina -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- who falls in love with her roommate George -LRB- Paul Rudd -RRB- , but there is one problem ... he is gay . George decides to move out and move in with Nina after his boyfriend Joley tells him he is seeing another guy . Nina who has a boyfriend finds herself falling in love with George and soon she finds out she is pregnant but decides she wants to raise the child with George instead . George finally starts to fall for Nina , but after a weekend trip with his x-boyfriend Joley , George soon finds himself falling for a guy named Paul , and soon there is a decision that forces George to decide between Nina and Paul . I know it sound like a too much drama , but this is a movie worth watching , I will not say anymore other than this is a Great movie that will make you laugh and bring tears to your eyes as well . Im glad to see The Object Of My Affection has made it to DVD . Buy it it is a great flick that breaks down the walls of sexuality as you can not choose who you can fall in love with , true love just happens . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 `` The Object of My Affection , '' is a very sweet film that has some interesting twists . I highly recommend it to all film buffs .
 `` The Object of My Affection '' explores the isssue of straight women falling in love with gay men . This topic is even more prevailent in 2009 , what with `` American Idol '' and Adam Lambert in which many women are in love with him , despite the fact that he is gay . Women have always felt a strong connection to male homosexuals for we , as gay guys , can be very affectionate , articulate , sensitive , and artistic , something that straight men can sometimes lack.Jennifer Aniston , from TV 's `` Friends '' , stars as Nina , who is pregnant , and decides she wants to raise the child with her best friend George , who is gay and an elementary school teacher . Paul Rudd , who plays George , portrays his character in a positive manner , ignoring all the gay cliches that are sometimes prevailent in gay characterizations in films . George is straight-looking , beautiful to look at , and very much a man . He also has all the qualities that Nina 's boyfriend does n't possess , which is one of the reasons she falls in love with George , knowing a romance between them will never come to pass . `` The Object Of My Affection '' is a beautiful love story between two adult people who love one another , a love story unlike any I have seen in film . The writing is excellent , the performances flawless as we really feel for these people , and the directing is dead on.The DVD comes with tons of bonuses , including the original trailer , a featurette , TV spots , dolby sound , and it comes with english and spanish subtitles . Critics hailed this movie
 This rather complicated little tale has stood the test of time . It is still funny , still warm-hearted , and still daring . Aniston and Rudd make a lovable couple whom we all root for , even though we know it wo n't and ca n't work . Screenwriter Wasserstein has written a Shakepearean comedy of desperate tears that comes to a happy ending , with all the people sorting themselves out into the right mates
 The only copy of this I 've had was taped off t.v. I came upon it again in my collection and watched it again . Ordered the DVD and now I can see all the scenes that were cut out for showing on t.v. I just love this movie . I do n't even like Jennifer Aniston and I love this movie . I think it 's the best thing she has ever done . It 's an unusual but very believable story and utterly charming . Very funny in places too . And , it has a wonderful ending - a surprise ending . I know a lot of people will say it 's a `` feel good '' movie and it is and what is wrong with that .
 this movie is a favorite of mine i could n't wait to get.it was great service and i have watched this over and over.yes , i definately have told friends and family that i highly reccomend this
 A very good movie that shows us a family is made up of whoever you love :-RRB- great cast with great storyline ! Loved it : -RRB-
 I 'm a fan of Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd . They were both very convincing in their roles . I probably would n't own it , but it was worth watching .
 This is a great movie , my friend wanted to get it so we could watch it over and over , It was in great condition .
 I thought I had already reviewed this product . I love this movie.I hate when the site updates there sites and ca n't keep the ratings and notes on the items .
 this movie was one of the 1st things i had ever seen paul rudd in of course this was sometime back , but i adored his work and character in the movie its just such a cute movie
 A pregnant Jennifer Aniston tries to convert a gay man , Paul Rudd , into her husband . Despite her best efforts , it does not work . Are you surprised ? Actually , this early Jennifer Aniston flick has a good script and solid acting by the entire cast . You know how everything will turn out long before it does , but you watch anyway . It 's a pleasant diversion that has held up , despite its late 90s origins . Aniston would go on to make seemingly countless of these lightweight films in which she is always cast as some sort of loser in love , in need of a husband . Ha ...
 I tried but could n't resist being drawn into this movie . Anniston and Rudd are a perfect `` fit '' and the acting really carried the movie when the plot or script got a bit weak.Paul Rudd 's performance , I think , was really outstanding . What an actor !
 Though serpentine in its plot development , this is a thoroughly enjoyable and -- for anyone who has ever been impossibly in love -- totally believable film . Aniston and Rudd plunge into uncharted territory with their `` nonsexual agreement , '' proving affection is a very deep and complex emotion which does n't much care whether one is gay , straight , bi or whatever .
 Anyone who dismisses this movie as `` another Jennifer Aniston flick '' is missing out ! Aniston and Rudd give sensitive performances in this wonderful film . Anyone who has ever experienced an impossible love will find this movie real and moving .
 `` The Object of my Affection , '' Starring Aniston and Rudd , is never slow ! Always wonderful , `` The Object of my Affection , '' is a superb , romantic comedy . 5 STARS !!!!!!!
 It 's just the qutest and sweetest movie in the world ... That 's all . .
 If theres one reason why you should watch this film , its Paul Rudd . You may remember him as Charlize Theron 's army boyfriend in the Academy Award nominated ` The Cider House Rules ' from 1999 , but here , as the gay man with too many issues on hand , he excels , stealing the spotlight from Jennifer Aniston , who breaks free of the ` Friends ' typecast , something she was unable to do with her previous outing ` Picture Perfect ' . This film attempts to address the age-old problem of straight woman falling for sweet gay guy , and succeeds in some degree at getting its point across.This film also reveals to us that Macy Gray has been around for quite a while . The soundtrack plays her hit ' I Try ' which was n't released officially until 1999 . Just a bit of useless trivia for you ! Highly recommended for gay audiences throughout , especially for those who seem to attract women , as well . It certainly would help in making up your mind , once and for all . Excellent stuff .
 This is an odd movie . With a few exceptions , everyone behaves in mature adult way , doing their best to get their needs met without hurting others . It leads to an amusing entanglement of lives.There is not a lot of heavy duty drama , but instead real life give and take . There are no outright villains . You root for everyone.I enjoyed the realistic scenes of gay/straight interaction -- people of all ages and sexuality mixing it up without awkwardness or poisonous jealousy.The biggest problem I had with the movie was that three of the male leads look very much alike and they are presented over a period of about 7 years . It was often hard to figure out just who was who as each scene opened . That may have been intentional , to mirror the shifting romantic alliances .
 Jennifer Aniston -LRB- TV 's `` Friends '' , 1994-2004 -RRB- and Paul Rudd -LRB- `` Halloween
 I ` ve been every major character in this film . It really give some punches 2 most of us ... The all-star-performances and sentimental -LRB- BUT GOOD -RRB- script and good direction makes this a reapeated treat ...
 This movie is grea to cuddle with someone you love -LRB- preferably a `` practicing heterosexual '' -RRB- . It not only has great one-liners , but it has everything a hopeless romantic could ask for .
 I found this movie to be quite depressing because it is very realistic . It seems to be marketed as a sort of thriller , but I think it is much more a psychological story . Much of the movie is taken up with J.J. 's psychological counseling and his psychologist . This certainly is not a feel-good movie . Simply put , it shows how important a positive support system is for a juvenile who comes out of drug rehabilitation or some juvenile criminal institution . This movie would probably be best shown to families of kids finishing their time in the institution so it can be discussed . Hopefully , it would help some families -LRB- at least a few -RRB- avoid placing undo pressures on their child that will result in his or her self-destructive thinking . This movie shows how the relatives and friends created situations that put ` JJ ' back on the path to more time in a juvenile institution , and , as he gets older , will result surely in prison .
 This is not a typical horror film -- great performances and truly creepy ! Run , do n't walk to rent/buy it !
 I have a Bias view because this is my Little Sister.But what I do know is Katie is a real person . She shares and says what is one her mind . What you will see in this film is Raw Video of Katie talking about her journey . I truly feel one of the reasons `` Katie 's Prayer '' has been seen world wide is because she is just like you and I . You have to realize she was only sick for 7 weeks from Diagnosis . The Lord took this wonderful Mother , wife , sister , daughter and friend home at such a early age of 30 . Katie left behind a loving husband and 3 kids ages 10 month to 6 yrs . Katie 's Prayer has led many people to have a closer relationship with Christ . This Film also help lead her Children to have the same relationship as Katie did with Jesus . I can tell you that this film will help you . This film will guide you through a path that can be life changing.I pray you take the opportunity to see this film and listen to my sister speak to your heart . She will talk about her personal journey of being a Christian . This journey had many lows and highs but in the end she shinned so bright . Katie I love you and want you to know I am one proud brother.Robert Williams
 Loved it !!!!!!!!!!! A powerful documentary of a woman 's faith in the Lord that is sure to touch your heart . while watching the video , God began to soften my heart and I began to reflect on my own walk . After seeing the unshaken faith of Katie throughout her trial , I began remember when my walk with God was new , and my fellowship with Him was strong . The impact of this video has brought me back into a spiritual mindset that I have n't been able to find in a while . Take some time and watch this Spirit filled and led documentary of how God can take even the most tragic of circumstances , and turn it around for His Glory , and growth in His Children .
 Director/Producer/Co-writer , Sage Bannick had to battle studio heads in order to try and get this film made and I suppose after having to endure their lists of excuses for too long he decided to go ahead and make the film on a more limited budget . I am not an expect in the matter but I would think in some ways this turned out to be the better of the two options since this way I think he had a lot more artistic freedom to get the film made the way he visioned it rather than having some studio execs getting their dirty hands on the script and changing things around as they see fit . The film starts off with Vincent and Oscar as kids and Oscar being the target of a sinister plan to collect life insurance . Oscar does a little sneaking around and soon discovers what their parents are up to so he beats them to the punch and in return he spends 25 years in prison . We then jump forward to present day and we see what Vincent is doing and as well as finding out that Oscar is being released from prison . The film stays busy during it 's short 80 minute run time , it manages to keep the slasher plot going strong while fitting in the back-story on Oscar and also the suspense on the missing teenagers as well as giving us enough character development so that we can have some sort of connection to these people . The Absent does n't try and hide the identity of the killer , it also is n't much of a mystery as to what is going on . But it is n't intended to be any of those things either , the film gives you the story right from the start without hiding any facts but the story is gripping and interesting enough to keep you at the edge of your seat waiting to see what happens next and ultimately wondering how it is going to end . The production values are good considering the budget , the settings , camera work , lighting and the soundtrack are all done very well and each plays a major part in the the over-all mood of the film . The cast is terrific as well , real-life twins , Denny and Bryan Kirkwood play the twin brothers in the film and both do a terrific job . The film seems to be a family affair since sisters Vanessa and Yvonne Zima star in the film as well . The entire cast has had experience in acting before so there was no reason to suspect the acting at all and having such a talented cast paid off . The Absent is a thriller that immediately grabs your attention from it 's opening frames and keeps you glued to the screen till the exciting climax . I had a great time watching this and found it to be entertaining and one of those films you hate to see end so soon
 BIRTH is a mood piece , a film that dares to explore the very private thoughts about reincarnation that most of us embrace at times of personal tragedy , loss , or bashed hope . The need to know that our souls reinhabit other beings as the temporary corporal form dies has been studied for centuries and finding a director of the caliber of Jonathan Glazer who distills so much of the ambiguous responses to the concept reincarnation is enough to celebrate.That Glazer respects the dignity of the subject so highly that he draws upon actors of the first rank , cinematographers who understand the associated quality of mystery , and the gifts of the superb composer Alexandre Desplat to surround the mood in gossamer scoring , is very much to his credit.The story by now is well-known
 I have to admit that I find Nicole Kidman irritating as a person , but she is a brilliant actress in most roles she undertakes . I find Lauren Bacall irritating too . And she definitely is way overrated to me . With that out of the way , I must say that Nicole was really great in this movie , and I forget that I find her irritating . Still do n't like Lauren , though.Birth is underrated as a movie . But , then it is for refined minds that transcend mundane concepts of what is quality and then perceives the extraordinary . This is to say that the theme of reincarnation is treated with artistry and elegance and made to seem really believable . Consider how much of the world depends on reincarnation when there are over 1 billion Buddhists and only , maybe 300 million Christians -LRB- not including Catholics , who are not Christians -RRB- . I am Christian , but I only have my faith to defend my religion . I can only hope that I will be raised with Christ . What if I need to be reincarnated ... ? Additionally , the theme of young boy and older woman may make many people with personal moral issues they have to deal with very uncomfortable . Our parent 's religions or our idiosyncrasies can make us very intolerant of others before even thinking it through . For myself , I had to get used to the bath scenes , but I was able to do it by just placing everything in the context of the story rather than my personal life or the perverts next door . Then , we can see why Anna would be attracted to young Sean , and vice versa.Some , mostly males , found this movie painfully slow . It is somber , mystical , intellectual , elegant , and artistic . You will need to use your senses to enjoy it . Merely using your eyes and ears is guaranteed to leave you dissatisfied.I was only upset that there is no commentary whatsoever on the DVD version that I saw . This movie needs `` insight '' to be completely satisfying , but I 'm giving it 5-stars anyway , just for the sheer beauty of the total package.Lastly , I think that young Sean really was the older Sean , but was confused by the loss of his lust for the lover . Since we are considering the supernatural element of reincarnation , then why could n't the dead husband come back cleansed of the burden of adultery in his next life ? I mean , it is better that he had only love for Anna this time around . It could be that his karma gave him a second chance to do things right.Nevertheless , it was all for the best . It would have been a pity for the boy/woman to try to run away . It would have seemed that the cost would have far outweighed the benefit . It is a bittersweet ending .
 As an editor , I was so pleased to see something outside the realm of what cinema has become today.I am going to have to agree with the review that was written by `` Austin Reader '' . The film flies by tremendously quickly . I had n't even realized I 'd been through 75 % of it when I took notice of the time . Many reviews have commented on the lunacy of the shots . Indeed the shots are long some spanning over a minute in length . However , I think something needs to be said about the director 's choice . In this day and age , we are so enamored with fast cuts , plot twists spelled out for us , and loud booming music to help emphasize a scene that we do n't need to sit back and enjoy a plot in and of itself . This is Birth.I 'm quite ashamed to say that the first time I saw the film , I kept waiting for the other shoe to drop , until I finally realized -LRB- do n't read on , spoiler -RRB- that the boy had imagined everything . In your typical , Hollywood mainstream film , you do n't need to think . Your meat , potatoes , and peas do n't touch on the plate and you 're able to see everything for what it really is . However , take away all of that and you 're left with something in such a pure and simple form . All you 're left with is the plate . It 's a shame that people ca n't enjoy a plot unless it 's covered with swish pans and other editing tricks .
 Birth , the story of a widow grappling with the possibility that her late husband has returned to her as a 10 year old boy , is ambiguous and intriguing . Is the child 's claim plausible or not ? Birth keeps you guessing , and different viewers are likely to have different interpretations of the plot.The film is well acted , with good performances by Nicole Kidman as the widow and Cameron Bright as the child . Anne Heche is superb in a key supporting role . The cast is a fine one , with Lauren Bacall , Zoe Caldwell and Danny Huston -LRB- the son of director John Huston -RRB- in supporting roles.Birth is notable for its direction , its production design , its cinematography and its score . The film has a elegant feel that is more commonly encountered in European cinema , and it has been beautifully crafted by an international team.This is not a film for the multiplex crowd , but if you appreciate an intelligent film on an esoteric theme such as reincarnation , Birth is highly recommended .
 It was wonderful ! I had been suffering from insomnia for over six weeks . I tried everything to sleep , but nothing worked . A friend recommended this movie . I began watching it . Saw this man jogging down a snowy path to a tunnel . I fell asleep . I woke up twelve hours later fully refreshed ! It was wonderful !!
 -- SPOILER -- I wo n't offer a conventional review of this movie . I 'll assume that you already know the plot sketch from reading other reviews or seeing the movie.I 've read all the other reviews on Amazon and several others on other sites , and I 'm surprised at how much misunderstanding there is about the ending of this movie . All of the details are offered that are needed to understand the final plot twist fully . Yet , apparently because most of the movie leads us to explore reincarnation with the movie 's makers , viewers are unwilling to let go of the reincarnation possibility when it is clearly exposed as something else.Young Sean 's father is a tutor in the building where Anna and her mother live . He tutors a person who lives in Room 202 . Young Sean sits in the lobby of the building during countless tutoring sessions , to the point where he befriends Jimmy , the guy who watches over the building 's goings-on -LRB- essentially , the doorman -RRB- . Through this time in the lobby , Sean has many opportunities to observe the comings and goings of Anna and develops a serious crush on the beautiful , serious older woman . This is not an outrageous plot element , as most people who were 10 year old boys will tell you . It especially affects the serious , thoughtful boy . Sean , we learn , is adept at traveling alone in the city by bus and subway . We are also know , given the contemporary setting , that he has access to information in public records at school by internet and library ; thus , he has the opportunity to research the death of Anna 's husband . Upon finding that Anna 's husband died at about the same time that Sean was born , he begins to believe that he is the reincarnate of Anna 's husband -- how else could he love her so much . If the movie has a weakness , it is in the perhaps too-subtle way that this is exposed , suggesting only once that the boy provide information , something `` intimate , '' that could not have been looked up . I say that this might have been too subtle because apparently many people missed it.Anna , on the other hand , is unusual in her inability , after 10 years , to move on in her romantic life . This is very well exposed by the script by the speech at their engagement party by Joseph , explaining how many years it took her to agree to marry him , and by Anna 's explanation later that Joseph loves her very much but saying nothing about loving him.So we have a confluence -- the coincidence of death and birth dates and names , a serious boy 's crush -LRB- and perhaps some mental problems as we learn near the final scene in his letter to Anna -RRB- , and a beautiful young woman 's endless grieving for her dead husband.The older Sean 's affair with Anna 's friend , Clara , is completely revealed by the explanation that the buried package was a collection of love letters written by Sara to old Sean during his lifetime . To prove that he loved Clara rather than Anna , old Sean gave Clara the letters unopened . As a gesture to her friend , Clara first decides to give them to Anna but then decides that that 's not a good idea , burying them instead . The boy retrieves the letters -LRB- having followed her from the lobby where he was waiting while his father tutored in Room 202 -RRB- and thus learns enough details of Anna and old Sean 's life together that he can put together plausible and sometimes intimate facts . -LRB- Remember that his information about the revealer of Santa Claus was incomplete . -RRB- One may debate that from this point , is he more delusional or fraudulent?Once young Sean learns of old Sean 's affair with Clara , he understands , just as Clara explains to him , that he can not possibly be the reincarnated Sean because if he were , he would have gone to Clara and not to Anna . He `` went '' to Anna instead . The logic is complete . He does n't tell Anna why he knows that he is n't the reincarnated Sean because he understands that the the knowledge of old Sean 's affair will destroy her.The plot is fully resolved , not ambiguous , and it is about a 10 year-old boy 's crush on an older woman , not about reincarnation . Nonetheless , the movie is a wonderful vehicle to explore the what-ifs of reincarnation . Apparently so many people are so attached to the possibility of reincarnation both within the movie and outside the movie that they just ca n't let the plot facts spoil their fun .
 This is not a movie for those who require nice , tidy , scientific conclusions . This is an odd and eerie tale of ... pyschological disturbances ? emotional manipulation coupled with uncanny existential coincidence ? reincarnation ? are there really ANY coincidences?Although a ` reasonably conclusive ' explanation is alluded to , the film wisely strays from allowing it to take hold in any convincing , satisfying way.Which is to say , the pragmatic explanation * could * be a red herring ; the subtle revelations are easily buried , and the effectivness of the misdirection -LRB- possibly -RRB- lies in the viewers inherent tendency to seek solid , familiar footing in what and how they 're attuned with in the daily round of life which largely disavows lending credence to the paranormal . Yet , as many people know , strange , unexplainable things DO occur all the time , and perhaps we are n't as wise and self assured as we 'd like to believe.Don ' t expect any hard evidence in `` Birth '' to convince you of this ; the telling rests within the atmosphere and underlying vibes of the characters . It is one thing to claim understanding of something which is widely accepted , and quite another to instinctively ` know ' something that may defy common perception.Sean 's mistress claims , `` You would 've come to me first , but you did n't '' . Yet , Sean * did * trail her at the onset , did n't he?Sean 's mistress claims that Sean gave her the unopened love letters from his wife in order to prove that `` he loved me more '' . Perhaps.However , maybe he gave them to her unopened because he honestly loved wis wife and could n't read them , nor wanted to keep them , out of dire guilt . And when he `` returned '' , he instinctively honed directly in on that love in his life which he deeply regretted jeopardizing ? Maybe the soul of Sean 's mistress held sway over him in a way he was n't able to resist in that particular existence , and once freed , returned and sought out what mattered most ? Or maybe Sean is an emotionally unbalanced ten year old boy who , although not done out of malice , effectively manipulates several lives?To be honest , this is a difficult movie . There 's no other way of stating it . It casts light on aspects of our spirituality , on Love - on what that can possibly entail in the grander scheme of human existence - that , given the substance of this story , can seem cruel and unbearable.However , this is ultimately the stuff of worthy , challanging art which requires and demands the humanity of the viwer . It calls accepted pieties and doctrines into question , and unlike so many common movies which merely serve to opiate the masses , does not make light of the mysterious complexities of the heart and soul .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- This is a slow paced filmed . This , for me , is not a negative . I love films with different paces , frantic to plodding . The slow pace translated to thoughtful deliberation . The untidy ending was not a disappointment but rather a refreshing surprise with the glut of predictable happy endings . The story and characters were unrealistic but of course that can be expected in the movies . So , here 's hoping you give the film a chance but rent it first since there 's a distinct possibility that you may hate it .
 This is the most misunderstood movie this year , have we so lost ourselves in movies that feed us every piece of information that we now can not understand the pleasures of solving puzzles or attempting to be hypnotized that as soon as a movie like this comes along that gets under our skins without explanation it is almost torn to pieces.I have had the pleasure of seeing Birth three times and on all occasions , I found myself swept up and hyonotised . I love this movie , it is simply one of the best of the year . Someone here mentioned that after winning the Oscar for The Hours , Kidman had n't picked good roles . Actually , she had completed Dogville , The Human Stain and Cold Mountain before winning , she was already filming Birth when she won and signed on to TSW before winning , by all accounts she tried to get out of her contract for TSW but Scott Rudin , the producer refused to let her get out . Anyhow , if Birth is the kind of movies she chooses to do now then I can only applaud her . Infact , more of this kind of movie , Ms. Kidman.Birth features one of Kidman 's best performances , in this movie she is simply terrific . I mean without being handed much dialogue , she uses her body and her face to speak for her and boy , did they talk . With this performance and her work in Dogville , I have a newfound respect for her , this is what it means to be sublime , not subjecting to theatrics or histrionics , this performance is one of honesty . Brilliant . Bright is also very effective here and as the one who instigates , all he needed were his voice and delivery and he handled both with great effort . Huston is also brilliant here as were Bacall , Heche and Stormare.Jonathan Glazer is a great visualist , with Harris Savides by his side , he created the most exquisite movie . The long close-ups and long camerawork are amazing . Just beautiful . The score , what beautiful music . The plot of the movie just swept me away , what grief can do to someone , watching a woman grief for a man she did n't fully know is heartbreaking to say the least and then to see her descend into quiet madness is so sad . This is a character portrait in madness . The final scene is just haunting , very haunting.Brilliant movie :-RRB- . And the opera scene is one I will never forget .
 If I could have given `` Birth '' a rating of 4.5 I would have , as it is not a perfect film , but it is something unique and special that , in my opinion , merits something more than a 4 . It 's certainly not for everyone and , as a previous reviewer noted , the plot is not going to keep you on the edge of your seat through the credit scroll , but that really is n't the point of this movie . It 's about the peculiarity of the human condition , of love , of loss and how we deal and do n't deal with those most fundamental aspects of life.I very much regret that I did not see this movie when it was in release as it is shot with such beauty and grace , and its score -- which almost serves as another character -- is so sonorous and rich that it deserves to be experienced in a theater . It is full of courage , on the part of the writers , the actors -LRB- Nicole Kidman , in particular , is just stunningly good -RRB- , the director , cinematographer and producers . And I have newfound respect for New Line for backing and releasing such a challenging film.That said , as already noted , it 's not for everyone . If you 've been conditioned by the quick cuts and overblown action of so much of what constitutes present-day film and television , I 'm willing to wager that you wo n't be engaged by the deliberate pace or less-than-tidy conclusion of `` Birth . '' But if you 're patient and willing to allow yourself to be absorbed into the deeply felt world of emotions captured in this picture , it can be a richly rewarding experience.And , not that it 's a direct analog , but my guess is that if you liked Steven Soderbergh 's 2002 remake of `` Solaris , '' you 'll very much like `` Birth . `` Hope this helps !
 I 've never seen a movie quite like `` Birth '' before . I did n't even want to like it immediately after I saw it . But there 's something strangely eerie about this movie that has stuck in my head ever since . I ca n't NOT stop thinking about it no matter how hard I try . And for that reason alone I would call this a successful movie.One thing that has to be said is that this film moves at a VERY slow pace . This is definitely not a film for the moviegoer with a low attention span . This film 's strong point is in the quiet , subtle moments , often with the camera simply focusing on an actor 's face and allowing the audience to fully absorb what they 're feeling . And the music , which I believe was composed by Alexandre Desplat -LRB- Girl With A Pearl Earring -RRB- is perfect for the movie and adds to the ambient , dark and moody atmosphere . I 'm even thinking of buying the album score when it 's released.While Nicole Kidman & co. give a great performance , I think Cameron Bright who plays the young Sean steals the show . Although he only has one facial expression for 99 % of the time , it 's his demeanor and way of delivering his lines which are so effective . Remember , this movie is n't about what we can clearly see and understand in front of us ; it 's about what we * can not * . Inevitably , there is a lot of controversy and heated discussions about the bathtub scene with Kidman and Bright . While certainly risky and very unconventional , I was n't put off by it . After all , there is nothing really sexual about it , as Nicole does NOT want him to be there with her and asks him to get out of the tub . The only sexual scene occurs between Kidman and Huston -LRB- fiance Joseph -RRB- , 2 consenting adults . It 's this scene , not the bathtub scene , that got this movie an `` R '' rating . And honestly , I think this softcore porn scene was out of place in the movie . It 's a typical Hollywood scene in an atypical non-Hollywood movie . It 's as if the film-makers put it there in order to 1 -RRB- hopefully attract a wider audience and 2 -RRB- diverge people 's attention from the bathtub scene by saying `` look everyone , THIS is the only real sexuality in this movie , between Nicole and her fiance . '' This brought down the movie a little for me , although nothing too major.But overall , `` Birth '' is a recommended movie . I see it as a quiet , subtle film that digs into our deepest psychological thoughts , often without us even realizing it . It does n't spoon-feed us the plot but rather , presents us with a blank white canvas and lets us paint our own painting , which in the end will represent what WE want it to . Even the end of `` Birth '' is not clear-cut and will be open to different interpretations . But that does n't take away it 's effectiveness.A movie for those who like to think .
 This is perhaps not quite a review , as much as it is a series of free-form ideas to increase your appreciation of this film.Although I can see why `` Birth '' was generally panned by critics , it is an extremenly hard movie to pigeon-hole , because there has NEVER been anything quite like it . Plot-wise , it has very little in common with `` Rosemary 's Baby '' , and `` Audrey Rose . My point is that there is no reference or precedent for a reviewer to compare this film to . Stylistically , `` Birth '' does recall Stanley Kubrick 's techiniques -LRB- classical music soundtrack and extremely long takes that allow the actors free reign to not rush , but feel their way completely through a scene to its logical end -RRB- , and its production design definitely mimics `` Rosemary 's Baby '' , although I 'm not sure to what purpose . Despite its lingering pace , I was not bored for a second . There is no empty space in this movie . Every instant is filled with thoughts and emotions , however restrained they may sometimes be.One thing that struck me about `` Birth '' is the portrayal of Anna -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- and her Upper West Side family and friends . Opulent though they are , we somehow do n't envy or identify with them at all , in their empty , zombie-like existance . Only young Sean -LRB- Cameron Bright -RRB- , his parents , and even the bizarre Claire -LRB- Anne Heche -RRB- and her husbannd , Bob , seem enviable and real in all their glorious human imperfections . The more Sean disrupts and brings these disparate groups together , the more alive and emotional Anna and her family becomes . Oddly , I read very littlein `` Birth 's '' reviews that even touched on the deliciously wacky and mysterious Heche character who provides the plot-line with almost all of its gas.Finally , -LRB- and this is not a spoiler -RRB-
 This is a tough one to review . I really , really liked this film , but I would also be one of the first to agree that it is a tough sell . As a horror/fright flick it is slow , languid , and quiet . As a drama it is too weird and requires too much suspension of logic . But , it has the creepiness , pace , inspired photography and soundtrack as the classic Rosemary 's Baby . It is really beautiful to look at.Plot wise -- and I know this sounds weird -- it reminds me of Audrey Rose meets Six Degrees of Separation . I know , strange . But there is something hypnotic and incredibly creepy about this film . The performances are great , the subltelty is great and again , it looks gorgeous . Definitely not for everyone - you will dig it or you wo n't .
 I can completely understand why so many people dislike this movie . It is deliberately alienating in places -LRB- the bath scene -RRB- and the acting is very much influenced by the flat acting style that Kubrick used to such good effect in his films -LRB- esp . Eyes Wide Shut -RRB- . At times the film also borders on hysterical melodrama , but the fact that it stays just the right side of that is a testament to the actors and the skill of the director . The result is a quiet triumph that aches and throbs with longing and regret.The film is really about love and death - Anna ca n't stop loving her dead husband , and she is unable to let go of him and live . The final scene of the film is heartbreaking and full of wrenching pain as we realize that she never will.Another review here mentioned the long close up of Anna 's face as she starts to believe that the boy really is the incarnation of her husband . Here we see true bravery , both in the performance from Nicole Kidman and the director Jonathan Glazer . It is a transfixing moment for Kidman and for us .
 I just wanted to say that i wasnot sure of the exact meaning of this film until i read minc -LRB- creating choices -RRB- interpretation here , i would like to add to that . I think the old Sean was ruled by his loins , he was lustfully attracted to his lover yet loved his wife . After re-incarnation only the love survived , the lust being of the earth , of the flesh - died and was forgotton - this is why the young re-incarnated Sean doesnt remember having loved the former lover . Another theory is that the re-incarnated Sean is a child and has no real concept of lustful attraction so any memories of a lustful relationship with the lover are irrelevent to him.I also noticed the vague similarity the film bears to Polanski 's Rosemary 's Baby , Mia 's hair could n't be more like Kidman 's here , she lives with her lover in a building which they share with an odd familly -LRB- just like RB -RRB- who changes their world in a way which directly involves a child . Also Mia 's vulnerability is very similiar to Kidman 's vulnerability here and the whole New York yuppie lifestyle is here as well . Polanski himself was disgraced by a sexual relationship with a minor.It is a lovely perfect piece of symbolism when the lover buries the letters in the ground , the symbol of Sean 's lustful attraction towards the lover are thus buried as Sean 's physical body itself was buried , Sean 's body being a symbol of his lust , both died permanently in the earth . At the end of the film , the scene were Kidman and her new husband are at the beach gives all the clues , she is unhappy - she wants Sean . A complicated and sophisticated film which poses many questions and dilemmas for the viewer none was more controversial than the situation were if Kidman were to follow her true love , her dream - it would mean going with a 10 year old boy . When you understand what 's going on you realise what a clever and imaginative film this is , you understand things like why the lover has to be as creepy as she was and why the ending of the movie is so sad .
 I 've been a fan of Nicole Kidman since I saw her in Eyes Wide Shut . More than simply being a beautiful woman , and even more than being a talented actress , Nicole is something rare
 Quite interesting film , Nicole Kidman in a very different , very unusual role moreover playing a lady trapped in a very unusual situation . The film deals with an unusual subject but definately can not be considered ungenuine at all . We get familiar with almost all the charecters , their emotions , their feelings etc. . Its not just a young boy and a grown up lady staring at each other , there are things going on , there is a tension bulding up and its shown reasonably in the film . The film does not emphasize on ` Pedophilia ' issues , though it just attracts you and you ca n't take your eyes off the screen . Decent film-making here and reasonable performence by everyone .
 The character played by Kidman loses her beloved husband as he was exercising in Central Park . Ten years later , as she plans to remarry , a ten-year-old boy appears on her doorstep and tells her he is her dead husband reincarnated . And proves it by telling her information only she and the husband know . This is a terrific drama that holds your attention from start to finish . Biggest assets
 Birth is sublime filmaking at its best . It is an intimate psychological drama and an effective thriller feautring an all star cast and beyond perfect direction by Mr. Johnathan Glazer.Nicole Kidman stars in the lead role as Anna , a widow who lost her husband ten years ago . Oh , forget it . Im preety sure everyone knows the plot , so lets move on ... Kidman 's portrayal of Anna is outstanding , in my opinion , its one of the better performances of all time . Words can not describe this remarkable performance . Lauren Bacall is also great as Anna 's mother Eleanor , and Danny Huston is perfectly fit as the prick fiance . Cameron Bright is disturbing and creepy all at once.The script is also well written , no problems there . But the real standouts of the film are its technical acheivements . The cinematography is beautiful , the editing is great , and that score . . that amazing score ... is probably one of the 10 greatest i have heard in my life.I can not stress enough on how phenomenal this provacative and engaging drama is . It will bother you , disturb you , and awaken your mind to the possibilities of life and death . Please , go see Birth and experience the euphoria
 Nicole Kidman is an absolute wonder . There is no limit to how she astounds me with the nuance she brings to the roles she takes on . As one of the most acclaimed actresses of her day , all I can say is that she deserves it . It is also adimirable of Kidman that she chooses such challenging roles . Just take a minute to consider the people she has played
 During a matin&eacute;e on opening week , I was one of only four others who showed up to watch it . The movie addresses the complex topic of reincarnation and does not give any resolute , pat answers - which is simply too overwhelming for most audiences -LRB- and many critics -RRB- . The acting is first class , the drama tight and effective ; most of all the story is told with patience and emphasis on the minutia of the human perspective in the face of mortality and the elusive nature of human existence . Reincarnation is explored but is not necessarily the reason d'etre of the story - the concept of eternal love is the pulse of much of the narrative here.The director is not afraid to allow the emotions of a character to build and develop ... often the camera stays close on the face of the principals for extended periods ... which is nice and reassuring ; it allows us the comfort of knowing that we are on a journey with a guide who is not going to blow his load at the first opportunity.A watershed for Kidman 's character is the Wagner scene -LRB- which seems to be getting some unwarranted derision from one prominent ` thumbs down ' critic -RRB- . It forms a striking contrast to the manic technique now commonplace ; I must say it is nice to have the camera on one face instead of jumping , cutting , zooming , etc. all over the place . It allows the viewer time to think , reflect and absorb the deeper intentions of the narrative.I just want to say that the film opens with on a good note and closes with one of the most haunting visuals ever portrayed in cinema . For those of you who have seen this movie you know what I am talking about , right ? It is only a shame that the general population would rather see convoluted plots involving ` Saw ` ed-off limbs rather than genuinely creative , worthwhile cinema
 Birth had just been released in Australian cinemas late April . I took the opportunity to watch this movie on the big screen ; motivated by three factors -LRB- ranked according to importance -RRB- .1 -RRB- Nicole Kidman2 -RRB- The intriguing plot3 -RRB- The controversyIt is one of the best films I have seen this year . Let me begin.STORYThis movie concerns a 10-year-old boy , Sean -LRB- Cameron Bright -RRB- who tells Anna -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- that he is her dead husband . Things start happening from there and you 're taken on a journey . Unfortunately , I can not reveal much of what happens , but rather you , the viewer should experience it for yourself . However , what I can say is that this movie is WITHOUT your typical Hollywood ending and twists , thereby cementing the realism of the story . Some may be disappointed by the fact that at the end of it all , you may walk out of the cinema feeling a little depressed , after having your emotions toyed with . Hey , that 's what people felt after watching Million Dollar Baby.Also , do n't expect to find an answer to any questions you might ask - the main one being
 Nicole Kidman 's work since The Hours has been rather inconsistent . First there was the terribly uneven , if still memorable The Human Stain . Then came the glossy , but hollow Cold Mountain , and I had the distinct feeling Nicole was not giving her all -LRB- it was a very understated performance -RRB- . After the mess of The Stepford Wives , and only Dogville reinforcing my belief in Nicole 's ability , I began to wonder if the ` bloom ' that propelled her to superstardom in Moulin Rouge and The Others had truly faded . I was wrong!Nicole Kidman 's performance in Birth is her best since The Hours , and one of the best in her career . Considering she has had two of her greatest performances this year -LRB- Dogville and Birth -RRB- , I would be deeply disappointed if she did n't receive a Golden Globe and/or Oscar nomination.The film itself has deeply divided critics and audiences . When I saw it in the theater , many of the people were audibly disappointed with it . Nobody seemed to ` get it . ' All I can say is it is a beautiful , unforgettable , and thought-provoking film . It is an unconventional love story about the possibilities of reincarnation . It is also about losing someone we love and wanting to bring them back.If you want to see Nicole at her best , and an intelligent , highly stylized and dramatic story , I recommend Birth . Just make sure you see it with an open mind and heart !
 `` Birth '' is perhaps too elegant for its own good . Much like 2003 's `` The Dreamers '' , it is a movie anachronistic to the sensibilities of the early 21st Century , a time when , at least on the surface , something either is or it is n't . Puzzles , enigmas and other shades of gray are out of fashion . It is also , at least for today 's overly entertained audiences , painfully slow.The movie opens with a shot that lasts several minutes . A lone jogger runs through a path in snow-filled Central Park . In a tunnel , he suddenly stops and falls over dead.The movie leaps forward ten years . We learn that his name was Sean and that he was the husband of Anna -LSB- Nicole Kidman -RSB- , who now lives with her wealthy and overbearing mother -LSB- Lauren Bacall -RSB- . Anna is finally about to remarry . Suddenly , a ten-year old boy -LSB- Cameron Bright -RSB- appears , claiming to be the reincarnation of Sean . The household is slowly thrown into turmoil , as the boy reveals more and more information that seemingly could only have come from Sean.The movie 's atmosphere is greatly enhanced by a marvelous score by Alexandre Desplat , beautiful photography by Harris Savides , and yet another amazing performance by Kidman.This is not a horror story in the modern sense . It 's about how civilized , privileged people behave when confronted by an event that is unexplainable and beyond their control . The movie is closely related to ones made long ago , such as 1961 's `` The Innocents '' , in which a mad governess convinces her young charges to see the ghost she thinks she sees . Or 1963 's `` The Haunting '' , in which a vulnerable young woman goes mad while visiting a house she decides is out to kill her . In `` Birth '' , maybe the boy is the reincarnated Sean , maybe he 's not . It 's how the characters react to the puzzle that 's important .
 Anna seems to have everything , a fiance that loves her , a family that has money , and even though her husband died 10 years ago , she is starting to heal.Until ... A mysterious 10 year old boy shows up one day claiming to be a reincarnation of her dead husband . Ridiculous of course , but there is something about the things he said , the fact that he knows how he died ... he must be Shawn , is n't he?Secrets from the past threaten to tear away at what seems to be reclaimed lost love , and we are left to wonder , is he , or is n't he ? It seems that everyone has their own interpretation at the end.Cameron Bright , who plays Shawn is both creepy and intense . Though he is 10 , you want to believe so much that he is who he says he is because of his serious demeanor . Nicole Kidman 's character speaks little , but shows much on her face . Though I think some people consider it a masterpiece -LRB- the 3 minute long close up on her face at the theatre -RRB- I felt that the part could have been cut shorter . She was excellent throughout.See it , and decide for yourself .
 This is such a rare achievement in filmmaking . Anyone who understands cinema and has been suffered from love -LRB- or merely the concept of it -RRB- would understand and appreciate this film for its beauty and sensitivity . This is one of my all time favorites , and to me is as good as the works by some of the old time masters .
 This movie is not for american audiences who tend to be horrorized by everything uncommon and provoking . If you are used to watching hollywood films , this is not for you . It is a masterpiece about loss and memories that ca n't be forgotten . Nicole Kidman gives one of her best performances -LRB- together with `` Dogville '' and `` The Hours '' -RRB- to portrait a disturbed woman who is carried away by a fantasy and an impossible dream . She ca n't get back what she once had , so she places the memories and the ideal into someone else to the point of obsession.An outstanding movie .
 ** spoiler warning ** , though these plot facts are more or less on the cover blurb.This is one of those films that you either get or you do n't . Kidman is a beautiful young widow , who lost her husband 10 years before . Preferring to grieve in a comfortable past as constructed in her mind rather than move on , she has finally consented to marry a man about whom she was and is ambivalent . The pace is slow , all the emotions and thoughts are below the surface , never fully explained though hinted at.Just at the moment that she appears ready to re-enter life , a strange boy appears , claiming that he is in fact her husband . The boy knows too much for it to be a hoax , so Kidman decides to explore the phenomenon . An array of characters re-enter her life , whose layers are peeled away slowly , though ambiguously . It is like an exercise in introspection for her , though she has come to believe in the boy and his claim yet maintains her ignorance of certain crucial facts . Finally , it is the boy who realizes that he ca n't be the dead husband and returns to his former life . It ends with nothing explained , except for the parting emotions that erupt at Kidman 's wedding . This is subtle art that can result in many interpretations - spirit visitation , a spell , shared insanity , possession - that makes this titillating and fun , entering the viewers ' imaginations if they are so inclined.The feeling is spooky and melancholy , with stunning consistency that cuts deeply . This is not for everyone , but I would recommend it warmly .
 This is a weak four stars ... just could not see giving this one a lower score ... I understood the plot of the film , was interested in what it had to say , and what it was about for the most part . I have to agree with some other reviewers and say that there was a lot of silence in the film , but the music that played in the background was awesome !! I think that both main actors , Cameron Bright , and Nicole Kidman did a great job in working with the script.A little weird , but when you are working with type of material , what is to be expected?Worst part of the film ... the ending !!! Kinda left you hanging !!
 The kid that 's in this was Cameron Bright and I would say he was a good choice in casting what must have been a hard role to cast . I mean , this is supposed to be a child with an adult soul inside , right ? The movie bordered on good to great , Anne Heche was creepy as hell , of course Nicole Kidman too . If you read the other reviews you 'll see this could have gone either way , was he or was n't he really Sean . Maybe that was part of the mystery of it .
 I came out of `` Birth '' with more questions than the movie had answered , which oddly enough is what 's leading me to recommend it . If the film had been more cut-and-dried and attempted to actually explain the bizarre situation at the center of the film , it probably would 've only served to disappoint more because the impossible premise at the center of the film is completely fascinating.Days after announcing her engagement to new fiance Joseph , Anna , played by Nicole Kidman in a heavily nuanced performance , is approached by a young boy named Sean during a family birthday party . This 10-year-old Sean claims to be the reincarnation of her dead husband Sean - and tells Anna not to marry Joseph.The film then allows the situation to play out as rationally as possible . Anna and her family first reject the notion as absurd . But then Sean seems to prove himself , and Anna opens herself up to the possibility that the man she grieved over has returned to her.The director Jonathan Glazer and the actors make some very interesting choices about how they approach this material . Kidman conveys very little warmth in her role , and the romantic notions of the story are explored but with a bit of clinical detachment . No one gets particularly passionate , and Young Sean , as played by the brilliant Cameron Bright , is n't so much lovable as he is eerie and persistent.Still , the film features some strong acting , particularly from Bright , who steals scenes from the likes of Kidman and Lauren Bacall . And it 's a very smart film , even if it is slow , quiet , cold and pensive .
 A very exceptional movie . Nicole Kidman is of the same element that makes up Tom Hanks . The movie leaves you with a decision to make . . Is the boy the incarnation of a former husband , or a mentally ill little boy.Well , after watching the movie and reading almost all of the reviews posted here , I 'm surprised no one has mentioned this part of the movie.The scene in which Anna is in a boardroom and is notified that her sister has given birth . Earlier in the movie , while sean is being drilled about information that only Anna 's husband would know , he takes over a conversation with Anna 's brother in law and he silently acknowledges that Anna 's sister was supposed to not be able to have children . This miracle event lends me to believe that divine intervention is involved here , and that he is the incarnation of Anna 's husband.I 'm surprised at the number of negative reviews of this film . I was intrigued from start to finish.I believe you will be too .
 I saw this movie around a year ago and I still occassionally think about it , usually when somebody else brings it up . What I really enjoyed about Birth was that it is n't your typical Hollywood telling of such a story -- the story I 'm sure you 're aware of by now . If you have the patience and attention span to endure slower paced movies , you 're given a uniquely realistic look at how real-life people would react to and deal with such a situation . It is definitely a character study , a movie in which the plot slowly builds through quiet scenes of dialogue and contemplation . The movie really makes you think , which is one of its strongest points . By the end it 's still entirely open to interpretation whether or not the boy is really her dead husband reincarnated . You 're left to ponder countless bits of the plot that may lead you to believe that the boy is in fact her husband , or that that the main character is the victim of some elaborate childish prank . Whichever conclusion you come to will speak of your character and how you look at life , and that is a great accomplishment for a movie .
 Ten years after her husband 's death , Anna -LRB- Kidman -RRB- is engaged again , and her life is going well . She has gotten over the husband she has lost and found another man , named Danny -LRB- Huston -RRB- , that she loves . Then , in walks 10-year old Sean -LRB- Bright -RRB- , throwing her world upside down . He claims to be her dead husband . Skeptical at first , Anna blows him off , but before long she realizes that young Sean knows way too much to be making things up . Or does he ? Anna 's family takes turns trying to get to the bottom of the mystery , and through it all , Anna and Danny 's relationship suffers . Just what will Anna do , especially if Sean is who he claims to be?I really liked this movie . Though not perfect , `` Birth '' is highly compelling as it explores the possibility of reincarnation . -LRB- The dead husband Sean ironically did not believe in it . -RRB- Nicole Kidman gives an excellent performance as the woman torn between loves . If there is any doubt that Nicole Kidman can act , all you have to do is view the three minute long close up in which her face goes through a wide range of emotions . Director Jonathan Glazer does an excellent job , filling the film with nuances that give the characters great depth . `` Birth '' is a very good movie , but one that will not appeal to all . In fact , I think that this is a movie that will be loved or hated . That being said , it is worth taking the chance that you will love it . I highly recommend .
 Birth is consistently gothic . It is moody , sophisticated , and beautiful.Its central character is Anna , a widow . Ten years after her husband dies , she finds herself confronted by a ten-year-old boy who claims to be the reincarnation of her husband . As she 's just about to re-marry , the timing is awkward.The film 's characters seem guided by what Ayn Rand called `` a sense of life . '' This sense of life is revealed by the characters ' behavior and development . Their dialogue is direct , but often sparse . Their emotions are subdued , and often stay that way . Few , if any , make nice , and the film neither moralizes about nor makes apologies for this.Silence is one aspect of this sense of life . The restaurant sequence is an example . Anna and her mother , elegantly but conservatively dressed , are isolated in their booth . The tablecloth is spotless . The chatter of the restaurant 's unseen other diners is in the background . The two women speak for a moment , and then eat , and that is all
 `` Birth '' , although ostensibly an American film , peopled by American actors and set in a wintery New York , has a completely European sensibility.Very strongly remindful of Kubrick and -LRB- to a lesser extent -RRB- Bergman , and feeling like it 's stepped out the 1970 's -LRB- Hollywoods daring golden period -RRB- this is one of the most lyrical and beautiful American films for many years . `` Birth '' is a masterwork in film-making . From the brilliantly framed and paced opening sequence onwards , every single camera shot is startling and painterly . The use of movement , light and colour is spectacular - not in a flashy way , but in a nuanced style that beautifully conveys meaning and atmosphere . The sense of brooding , claustrophobia is riveting , and is heightened even further by a truly fantastic score.The script has an interesting premise , but the film itself seems far better than it 's own material , and the dialogue is rarely more than functional - indeed many key scenes are wordless or nearly so.The one element of `` Birth '' that seems to infuriate many puzzled popcorn-munching movie-goers above all others is it 's highly ambiguous ending , and that 's also one of the films great delights . This is a rare thing ; a relatively big-scale 21st century Hollywood film that does n't even attempt to offer any answers to the questions it has posed . It makes you think , it makes you question , and hurrah for that.The fact that `` Birth '' was a total box-office disaster is hardly a great surprise since it offers little for the multiplex crowd , besides an often astounding performance from a major A-list actress . But it 's also a great shame that the film was promoted as some kind of thriller , which it 's not . Hopefully , in time , it will find it 's rightful place in the pantheon of great American films , and in the meantime , roll on Glazers ' next project .
 Warning
 Birth is a film that only some will have the vision see its inner beauty . First off it helps if you are attracted to the idea of reincarnation . Adding to the mix the child/adult sexual issues makes this movie even more polarizing for the viewer . I personally found the themes mesmerizing which enabled me to take something away after the viewing experience.In short this is a thinking mans/womans film . If you are looking for bang em up shoot em up films this one is not for you . If you are looking for slip on bananas Jim Carrey like films , the same said . But if you are the person that is mindful of nuance while at the same time having a open minded spirituality , one that has a searching quality to it , then this film is definitely for you.It is unfortunate that this film caters to such a small audience but for those of us who identify with it know it is a blessing to have seen it.As a side note Kiddman and Bright are just about perfect in their acting . I was especially impressed with Bright who for his age has surpassed himself . Personally I thought he stoled the show which in this case was almost impossible to do because Nicole was so spot on.One of the best aspects to this film was what could be expressed without uttering a single word . What Kiddman could express without words was simply uncanny . You could almost literally feel the audience squirm in their seats as most people familiar with Hollywood style simply are n't used to this enough to have acquired such a refined taste.I too do not want to give anything away but if you have an intuition about seeing this movie by all means go . Or better yet just buy the film as it is dirt cheap at the moment and I suspect that not only will get better with each viewing but that it may very well become a cult classic.Happy Sorjourning
 This film is amazing . It 's one of those films that I 've had on my list to watch but just had not gotten around to it for one reason or the other . Shame on me ! This film was mesmerizing . I was hooked from beginning to end . Nicole Kidman was hypnotic as Anna . I am such a huge fan . I feel that she is one of the best actresses in movies today . I love the choices she makes . I love how emotions play across her translucent face . There is a shot of Anna at the opera , no dialogue just music , that locks on her face as she makes you believe in her reality . What a marvelous choice by the director . What a shot ! Cameron Bright as Sean is also great . He made me believe . The whole movie was so beautifully atmospheric . The gorgeous score was haunting . I just can not say enough good things about this movie . If you love movies you owe it to yourself to see this .
 Loved this movie ... so much in fact that I had to immediately watch it again ... and then again the next day . It 's not for the mainstream , blockbuster , blow-em-up movie fan , but WELL worth your time if you enjoy movies that are n't spoon fed to the viewer .
 Loved it , Have you wondering until the end which the ending was surprising . 2 . The boy who played in the Godsend is in this movie and he does a superb acting job !
 This is a very strange movie.The plot is this
 This film is definitely different . Unlike many of the films made today , it does n't think the viewer is stupid and everything needs to be explained down to every little last detail . By that alone , I find this film to be exceptional experience.The premise , I have to admit , is quite extreme . A woman 's life is turned upside down when a young boy shows up at her door , literally , and claims to be her first dead husband . She is only too eager to believe it is true.However , I did n't find the story to be this films strength , but the emotion it was able to communicate through visuals and music . This film is shot quite beautifully . Rich colors , elegant set designs , dramatic lighting , grainy quality that evoke the memories of old film footages , they are all wonderful just to stare at . The music is also fantastic , doing a wonderful job complimenting the story and the scenery and not overpowering them , yet letting its presence be known.What the visuals and the music achieve is evocation of feelings . Kind of feelings when one is watching an old 8mm footage . Feelings of memories . Sweetness , love , longing , bitterness , regret , hope , and such feelings that people dearly hold on to . I find this to be the strength of this movie and its approach totally refreshing . It does n't explain or show or tell . It lets the viewer experience , through vision and sound.Another factor that greatly contributes to this film 's effectiveness is Nicole Kidman . Although I seldom find her acting to be of much notice , she was quite powerful in this film , allowing her expressions and gestures to communicate . One good example is the concert hall scene , just moments after she witnesses the boy , who claims to be her dead husband , collapse in shock . The camera remains focused on her , while the music plays in the background . She is shaken . Really shaken up . The boy has gotten to her . She might be starting to believe.I have read some review that describe this scene as completely ludicrous , because camera remains on Nicole Kidman for so long and nothing happens . I disagree . Those who felt this scene ineffective neglected to appreciate her nervous expression , almost like that of a woman who got caught daydreaming being with another man , and the music , sound of brewing turmoil and passion.If you are willing to engage the film , not wait to be engaged , then I think you will find this film to be quite different and memorable .
 It takes a lot of guts to make a `` thinking movie , '' titillating the mind rather than bloodlust or hormones . And Jonathan Glazer takes a risk with `` Birth , '' a bizarrely beautiful film about reincarnation and spiritual ties -- a risky maneuver , but one that pays off . The result is beautiful and strangely solemn.A jogger named Sean dies in the park -- and a baby is born . Ten years later , the jogger 's widow Anna -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- is reluctantly celebrating her engagement to yuppie fiancee Joseph -LRB- Danny Huston -RRB- . Suddenly a ten-year-old boy named Sean appears -LRB- Cameron Bright -RRB- and announces that he is Anna 's husband , reincarnated into a boy 's body.At first , Joseph tells the kid he 's wrong , and Anna brushes the kid off as a nasty prankster . But Sean knows intimate details about her marriage , and has a strange passion behind his claims . She begins to believe that he is telling the truth -- that he is her Sean , reborn . She reexamines her life and her future , as old wounds reopen and questions are raised.A lot of fuss has been made over `` Birth 's '' nude bath scene . Do n't worry -- it 's not sexual or prurient , but strange and almost surreal . It takes guts to include such a scene , even in a movie that is more about the spiritual than the physical . In a nutshell , it 's a movie with heart -LRB- even if a logical brain is a little lacking -RRB- And that scene aside , the movie is richly ambient , darkly beautiful , and raises an array of troubling questions . Is Sean really a reincarnation , or is he simply a young boy who worships a thirtysomething woman ? Does Anna simply want to believe he is ? And is spiritual love enough to conquer all ? These questions , by the way , are left hanging in the air -- to do otherwise would seem almost silly.The movie moves at a very , very slow pace -- it takes patience to fully absorb it . But the atmosphere is strangely dreamlike , slow and sensuous and almost outside real time . The outdoors is snowed over , and the interiors are beautiful and quiet . The final quarter is thought-provoking and open to interpretation , but does suffer from a rather unsatisfying feel.Nicole Kidman does a magnificent job in this film . She takes the character of Anna and fills her with overwhelming emotion . In one powerful scene , she attends an opera with Joseph , and the camera lingers on her face and eyes ; Kidman communicates silently everything Anna feels . Cameron Bright does a somewhat more spotty job -- with Kidman , he successfully comes across as a grave man-in-a-boy 's - body . With anyone else , he just seems sullen . And Lauren Bacall gives a solid , sometimes funny performance as Anna 's mom.While it never entirely addresses its own issues , `` Birth '' is a magnificent , atmospheric film , with a spiritual twist . Ignore the controversy -- see `` Birth '' on its own considerable merits .
 The plot of this 2004 film almost made me want to ignore it . But it stars Nicole Kidman who 's one of the most versatile actors in the business and it 's a low-budget independent film targeted at the art-house market.The plot revolves around a young widow , Anna . Her husband has been dead for ten years and she is about to remarry . Her future husband , Danny Huston is deeply in love with her . Lauren Bacall is cast as Anna 's mother and everyone is New York Penthouse wealthy . Suddenly , in the middle of the happy couple 's joyous engagement party , a ten-year old boy appears . Later , he returns , claiming to be the reincarnation of Anna 's dead husband . Cameron Bright is cast in this role and he seems so adult that it 's hard to believe he 's only ten years old.From the very first scene I was hooked . The script is tight , the setting perfect and the background classical music a perfect complement to the mysterious goings on . Most of the characters are disbelieving . And they are annoyed that Anna ca n't stop thinking that the young boy is really her former husband . All the other characters are realists and honestly believe that the child is just making thing up . But how does he know all the intimate details of Anna 's former marriage ? And could it be Anne Heche , cast as a friend of Anna 's with a secret of her own , who holds the key to the mystery?The film moves fast and there is not a wasted word or an extra scene . And the acting is nothing short of remarkable . The appeal of this film to the general public is limited but I , personally , loved it . And I highly recommend it for sophisticated audiences only .
 Memory , love , and loss are the themes of this troublingly beautiful film from Jonathan Glazer . At once , visionary and often disturbing , Birth asks lots of spiritual questions , but mysteriously , offers no easy answers . Nicole Kidman holds the threads of this daring , audacious , and gorgeous looking film together with a truly virtuoso , spellbinding and heartbreaking performance . Her portrayal of a sensitive , grieving young women who 's life is turned up side down when she discovers that her dead husband is reincarnated in a ten-year-old boy , is a tour-de-force of acting , and proves yet again that she 's currently the greatest actress of her generation.Combining the brooding , gothic with the psychological thriller , Birth has a strange , multi-layered mood and that moves mellifluously , smoothly , and ambiguously forward . With symphonic confidence Glazer has created a story that explores more the emotional than the supernatural . The film opens with a runner suddenly collapsing beneath an underpass , as if caught in the darkness between two worlds . Suddenly the story jumps ten years into the future where Anna , -LRB- Kidman -RRB- a young , sensitive woman is preparing to marry . We soon discover that the man who collapsed was her husband Sean , but she is set to marry Joseph -LRB- Danny Huston -RRB- . Joseph and Anna have been living in a vast and posh East Side apartment owned by Anna 's mother , a rugged , controlling matriarch -LRB- played by a steely Lauren Bacall -RRB- . On the night of Joseph and Anna 's engagement party , a young boy -LRB- played by Cameron Bright -RRB- with a round , solemn face crashes the party and claims to be Sean . He pleads with Anna not to marry Joseph.At first Anna and her family treat the young boy as a joke , and they do their best to discourage his advances by using both humor and pathos , and later hostility . Anna 's mother humors him , while Joseph drifts from tight-jawed skepticism toward violent jealousy . But it is Anna 's reaction to him that is most important
 This movie absolutely entranced me . I missed the first 15 or 20 minutes , but I wanted to see it enough I thought it would n't matter . I saw it with my mom and she did n't `` get it . '' I did n't get it either , but it got me ... thinking . I had to go see it again , and was actually highly anticipating the first part I had missed thinking there was something there . There was . I 've always liked Nicole Kidman as an actress . She always does good work , but for me , this movie made me see her in a whole new light . Her performance , as well as Cameron Bright 's , was magnificent . Like watching a train wreck in slow motion . For me , this movie was about the frailty of the human mind after a traumatic loss and how for some , the grieving never ends . It also displays the power of self-delusion and how someone in a state such as Anna 's can be manipulated ... even by a child . This movie is definately going in my DVD collection . It was very interesting , intriguing , and kind of confusing . I think the reason people are reacting the way they are is because there 's no black and white to it . That 's the thing with the human condition , there is no exact science , no answer that is always right ... it 's very subjective and open to interpretation ... just like this film . I must also mention the score to this film is magnificent . It 's like a lullaby . I ca n't wait to get the score on CD , it was eerie , forboding and highly emotive , and very comforting , all at the same time . I think in a few years , people will look back on this film and maybe then they 'll `` get it . ''
 `` Birth '' was honestly one of the best films I 've seen in 2004 ! Forget all the negative reviews delcaring the film had questionable taste . It 's not awful in the slightest . Though the finale was less than impressive that 's no excuse for disregarding the rest of the film . `` Birth '' is an extremely sad but beautiful art film about a woman who is remarrying for the second time since her husband drops dead 10 years ago and out of the blue comes a stange 10 year old boy claiming he 's the late husband reincarnated . It 's a great premise that promises for some unexpected twists and turns . However , the film fails to deliever and that 's what makes `` Birth '' different from the rest . Instead of creating a thriller , Jonathan Glazer puts together a low-key , moody , and thought provoking melodrama . Watching `` Birth '' is also a treat . The cinemaphotography is pitch perfect . The prefromances are top notch and the music , oh the music , it is absolutly beautiful . And as for `` the bathtub scene '' that pisses alot of people off is honestly not that big of a deal . I feel that it 's what Anne Heche 's charater tells the little boy that 's far more creepier and disturbing . See this film !
 Ten years ago a man named Sean , who did not believe in reincarnation died and a baby boy was born , both in New York City . The man was married , and on the day that his widow is celebrating her engagement to another man , the boy who shows up . He informs the woman that he is Sean , and that she can not remarry because she is still his wife . `` Birth '' is a look at reincarnation that takes a different tack from other films where an old soul is in a new body . First of all , director Jonathan Glazer 's film is purposefully vague on the rules of the game . At one point the woman , Anna -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- , does what anybody would do confronted by such circumstances . She asks the young boy -LRB- Cameron Bright -RRB- a test question about somebody she once told her husband about . Young Sean admits that he does not know the name , but , he says with eerie confidence , he will know the person when he sees them.This is a film that wants to have it both ways in a couple of key regards . First , it wants both those who believe and those who are skeptical to find ample evidence to support their perspective . Of course , this is important to such a film , because keeping the ambiguity and doubt going as long as possible is important . Second , young Sean says things that speak to wisdom beyond his years one moment , and then he is playing on a swing like a 10-year-old the next . This relates to the first point , because every time he provides another private detail of Sean and Anna 's life together we are inclined to believe , and when he acts like a petulant child , we are forced to reconsider.Glazer hides the key to his mystery in plain sight . Before young Sean and Anna meet at her birthday party , we witness a nervous Clara -LRB- Anne Heche -RRB- , who comes up with an excuse not to go upstairs . Instead , she runs out of the building , goes off into a wooded area , and buries the present she has bought . Then she buys a substitute and takes it upstairs . Clara and her husband , Clifford -LRB- Peter Stormare -RRB- , were friends of Sean and Anna , so what they think about the young boy matters . But then everybody in Anna 's family has an opinion about young Sean . Her imperial mother , Eleanor -LRB- Lauren Bacall -RRB- , sees the boy as a threat , while her sister , Laura -LRB- Alison Elliot -RRB- , makes it clear she will not believe any of this nonsense . But Laura 's husband , Bob -LRB- Arliss Howard -RRB- , does not know what to think . These are people from the upper class , so dealing with something this messy is beyond their competence . No wonder that Anna 's fianc&eacute; , Joseph -LRB- Danny Huston -RRB- , is the one who loses patience with what is happening.The formal and sometimes stilted dialogue of the script reminded me of Woody Allen 's `` Interiors , '' which , of course , is just the sincerest form of flattery with regards to the cinematic work of Ingmar Bergman . That is why one of my first thoughts while watching `` Birth '' last night was that it was nice to watch a European film without subtitles . There was just something so Continental about this film , which probably has to be with Jean-Claude Carri&egrave;re being one of the screenwriters , and I have no doubt that a lot of people will not be accessible to this film because of the sheer weight that Glazer gives the dialogue . This is underscored by the film 's most transcendent moment , where the camera stays on a close up of Anna 's face for several minutes while she is at a concert , as she becomes a believer.But the attraction here is the psychology of the characters , whose lives are being shattered by just the possibility that this is all true . `` Birth '' might not make it clear how much Anna was devastated by Sean 's death . We know that it took years for her to agree to go out on a date and years for her to accept his proposal , but it is not until we realize how desperately she wants it to be Sean that we understand his character . One of the reasons I found `` Birth '' compelling was that I could relate to the motivations of the main characters . Whatever problems the film might have with dialogue and plot , the characters ring true for me on a most basic level.It dawned on me when watching this film is that Nicole Kidman is one of those actresses who looks most beautiful when she is smiling through her tears , and she has a couple of opportunities to do that in this film . I wish they had given both Bacall and Zoe Caldwell more to do in this movie , but `` Birth '' really does come down to Anna and young Sean . Everybody else can make up their mind as quickly or on whatever basis they want to , but the only judgment that matters is that of Anna -LRB- and of one other character , as I suspected -RRB- . Bright 's performance reminds me of that of Keisha Castle-Hughes in `` Whale Rider , '' a movie I had seen once before she was nominated for an Oscar for Best Actress . I applauded the nomination based on my fond memories of the film and the scene where Pai gives her speech on the meaning of her name and her grandfather . But when I watched `` Whale Rider '' I was surprised at how often Castle-Hughes did nothing but look intently at someone , while the audience invested her character with depth and emotional coloring . The same applies to Bright , who repeatedly looks at the adults around him with a slightly tilted head and intense gaze , which also fills in the gaps in his character . Again , this will be a flaw for many viewers , who are not going to be willing to participate that much in making the film work .
 At the end of the movie , I witnessed one of the most audibly dissatisfied audience leave the theater . I was slightly irritated with the movie as well because the ending felt like the director was laughing at me and saying , `` gotcha '' . On the other hand , this film is a treat for those who have an appetite for psychoanalytical storylines.Storyline
 Birth is one of Nicole Kidman 's best ! I love films such as this where no answer is directly handed to the audience . It maintains its sense of mystery and as the Amazon review states , will have people thinking and talking days after it 's over . Was that 10 year old boy really her dead husband ? How did he know so many intimate details yet not know others ? Certain people may not have the patience for a film such as this which is unfortunate . This is not your standard Hollywood thriller and that 's okay . It is more in the realm of a dramatic mystery . And sometimes , life is a mystery and there are events which we can not explain or are beyond are control . I feel as though Birth is a prime example of that . The cinematography is excellent , the acting wonderful and the music outstanding . This is a brave , commanding performance by Kidman , one of the best actresses of our time . Birth should be watched multiple times because you will get something new from it each time . Pay careful attention to this richly engrossing , sophisticated picture that deserves far more praise than it 's getting . If you want mindless , silly entertainment you should be watching something else . Birth is in a higher class .
 ` Birth ' is one of those eerily commanding films that washes the viewer in this pathos of human anxiety and creates a mood that is so morose you ca n't help but fall into its trance . That may sound like a bad thing but it is not ; in fact it is far from a ` bad thing ' . When I first saw ` Birth ' I was put off by the fact that I did n't understand it , but then I saw it again and realized that you are not supposed to fully understand it . The final frames say so much for the realities of grief and longing that I have this intense urge to forgo the rest of my review and just speak of Kidman 's masterful performance ; but I 'll contain myself.The film revolves around Anna and her husband Sean . The problem is that Sean has been dead for ten years and Anna is soon to marry Joseph . All is going well in Anna 's life until she meets a young -LRB- ten years young -RRB- boy who claims to be her husband reincarnated . The claim is immediately shrugged off as preposterous but this boy possesses a knowledge , and intimate knowledge , of Anna and Sean 's marital relationship that soon Anna -LRB- and even those around her -RRB- start to wonder if it is indeed true.The prose itself is strange and it does lead to some awkward and eerie situations , but it is handled with such delicacy and the scenes creep upon you with such subtle grace that you almost forget entirely your feelings of discomfort and just allow the film to take you to those places you never really wanted to go . For instance , the one scene that garnered so much talk was the bathtub scene between Kidman and Bright . The scene is above and beyond uncomfortable but each actor approaches it with such dire dedication that the scene becomes a brilliant work of art . Its awkwardness becomes this overwhelming emotion within us that gives way to genuine feeling . It 's one of those scenes that just ` went there ' and in the end had to.This film is uplifted by the brilliant cast who all do such a marvelous job with their parts . Young Cameron Bright is one to watch out for . He has an eerie maturity about him that will lead to some interesting roles -LRB- as if this was n't one already -RRB- . Danny Huston is just marvelous here . The man has a genuine charm that I find compelling , and as the disgruntled fianc&eacute; we can see his pure unbridled emotion as he faces this young boy threatening to take his love away from him . We watch him steadily start to believe this boy and thus begin to fear he 'll lose everything . It 's such a masterfully constructed performance.That brings me to Nicole Kidman . What can I say ? I am not one who believes Nicole to be the greatest actress working today . I actually feel she 's a tad overrated . For every ` great ' performance there are quite a few mediocre ones , and her choice in film makes it difficult to watch her embrace what talent she does possess . But there is no denying that her portrayal of Anna is utterly flawless . In fact , I 'm tempted to say that it is her finest performance to date . As Anna she truly gets under the characters skin and fleshes out the accuracies of a widow 's grief . When I say that the final frames say so much for the realities of grief and longing I 'm referring to the pain etched across Anna 's face . She knows her husband , she knows his soul and she can feel him in her soul regardless of what anyone else says . As we witness her begin to believe this young child we too begin to believe him because if she says he 's her husband then he must be . It 's that reality that makes the ending so painful.I also feel as though I must single out director Jonathan Glazer because without his delicate approach this would not have retained any ounce of clarity and would have thus become pretentious and pointless . ` Birth ' is not a film for everyone . It is very avant-garde and thus may be too artsy for some people . It is very ambiguous -LRB- or is it -RRB- and ends on a very strange note , one that may leave some unfulfilled . I 'm not saying that this film is perfect by any means , because it even took multiple watches for me to fully understand and rally behind it . In the end , ` Birth ' is the type of movie that , if watched with the right level of open-mindedness , can prove to be so much more than you bargained for .
 I could n't decide if the film pulled me in because I found the emotional turmoil and Kidmans character 's obsession with a child disturbing , or if the very nature of the deep grief kept me watching , waiting to see how it would be resolved . I do wish the ending would have been more clear . I never was convinced that the child was lying , or if he had been fooled by an adult with a secret and slight yearning to hurt the wife of her lover . There 's a slight ` porno ' scene with Danny Huston for those turned off by naked butts , for the rest of us who can handle adult themes , this sad , slightly surreal movie might be perfect for cleaning out the tear ducts . Not Kidman 's best role , but it was n't a bad movie if you crave a deep drama . -LRB- Horror fans will want to check out actor Danny Huston as lead vampire in '30 Days of Night ' -RRB- . Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 Birth is by far & away one of the most intriguingly beautiful films ever . It is the epitome of that heartbreaking love which lasts forever -LRB- despite mistakes -RRB- & also brings oneself to believe nothing else.For those of whom were confused or frustrated about this film , having no ` true ' ending or feeling like it was kiddie porn , truly have shallow minds and so very short attention spans -- much like today 's society . Everything in this film , from the silent tense moments , to the quiet yet heavy character development & the extremely beautiful musical score was necessary & evident in bringing the final telling of composition to fruition.To put it simply , yes indeed w / no doubt , he was/is Sean , reincarnated but after learning about his affair w / Clara , his love was so strong for Anna , so believed & true , it made him lie against it . Do the people who did n't follow the movie understand that ? Let me reiterate ... he -LRB- young Sean -RRB- loved Anna so much that he believed that if he was indeed Sean reincarnated , that he could ` never ' cheat/have an affair against Anna -- so his love for her in the end made him lie against it , get it ?? Here 's my easiest right to the point quote
 It 's not a regular hollywoodic movie which if it was , it could be more entertaning . but its an excellent valuable and conseptual movie with very good actings and very good directing . I said conseptual but its not a boring movie and certainly grabs you to the end . DVD has not special features but theatrical trailer and 10 sneak peaks . but nothing more . It could be good if the studio release it at least with some deleted scenes and alternate ending . And a directors commentary could be useful in many scenes . but the dvd has no special features . I 'm sure they will gon na release a director 's cut or special edition of this movie in near future but when they want to stop this tradition , releasing a simple dvd first and release several editions later !? anyway , I Suggest everyone , if you like this movie , dont buy this release , simply rent it , and wait for a special edition or director 's cut !
 I loved this movie . Not only was it beautifully shot , but the acting was superb . This film uses silence , and few words to make more of a statement than has been made in years . The emotions are portrayed with scary accuracy . With simple shots , and simple dialogue . . simple everything made this movie spectacular . And I ca n't wait to buy the score , the music was beautiful as well !!!
 I think this is one of the best movies made in recent years . Without having read the many reviews here , I 'll risk repeating someone else 's observation that `` Birth '' is also very funny . With its poignance and sadness , the primary subplot about the family trying to come to terms with the challenge that has been presented to them , is laugh-out-loud funny . The discreet charm of the bourgeoisie has not been presented with such delicacy since ... What is made clear here is that Carriere and Bunuel 's collaboration on that earlier film was perhaps misunderstood . After `` Birth '' , I suspect the entire script of `` The Discreet Charm ... '' was Carriere 's work .
 -LCB- Possible spoilers . -RSB- We decided that maybe Nicole Kidman was receptive to the idea that Sean had returned to her , possibly because of her guilt regarding his death . The secret being that she had engineered his death herself ! -LSB- Is it a spoiler if you refer to something that you 're just speculating about ? -RSB- That was the SIXTH sense type ending we were looking forward to but alas , it did n't happen . Maybe they filmed those pages and cut them after tepid audience response at a sneak ? Anyway in this film version Nicole Kidman is no killer , just super neurotic.And beautifully filmed by Harris Savides , who shot David Fincher 's THE GAME -LRB- and the upcoming ZODIAC -RRB- as well a Gus Van Sant 's notorious `` death trilogy '' of ELEPHANT , GERRY and LAST DAYS . Here he provides some stunningly invasive long shots of Nicole Kidman -LRB- particularly one two minute shot as she sits at the symphony hall with music cascading around her -RRB- and of Danny Huston -LRB- oh , the anguish in his eyes as Savides captures him through the huge window of the townhouse -RRB- who plays Kidman 's boyfriend , Joseph.All the actors were good , even little Cameron Bright , whom I had given up on after watching his intolerable spooky act in a similar film , GODSEND with Robert De Niro . I would n't want to be Cameron Bright , you know he 's going to grow up to be seriously twisted after playing the GODSEND part and now this!Was I the only one to blink and think that the characters of Clifford and Clara -LRB- Peter Stormare and Anne Heche -RRB- were supposed to be the parents of the dead Sean ? They could have cleared it up with one line of dialogue ; you got to love that Jean Claude Carriere , keeping things murky that do n't have to be . That 's what gives BIRTH its European air of the opaque . For example , what do any of the characters do -- except for the tutor guy ? -LRB- And Arliss Howard we know is a doctor of some kind , right ? -RRB- Kidman has three or four exquisite business suits and a job we see her going to and a board room in which some of the biggest scenes happen , but the filmmakers must have thought , oh , nobody will care and we do n't really know what she does . She 's fantastic and should have won the Oscar for this part , not that wretched HOURS mess.As for Lauren Bacall , was she supposed to be secretly in love with the mysterious Zoe Caldwell character ? Only time she perked up is when Caldwell swept into the room like a very regal miniature schnauzer , barking , `` Do you know who I am ? '' Then you could see the lovelight in Lauren Bacall 's eyes .
 Just saw this movie on TV . Really related as I 'm a widow of 12 years , my husband died of a heart attack while JOGGING on a boardwalk on the Jersey shore . So I could thoroughly relate with Anna.This movie is about love , loyalty , and the absolute horror of death . Out of necessity we keep the full realization of these things under the surface , in our subconscious most of the time , otherwise it would be impossible to function.Anna deeply loved Sean , her husband , naively having no inkling of his affair , because every person wants to love like that . It 's not so much about the object of our love , it 's about our own need to love . This feeling exists inside every person , and longs to be expressed . Why do we often make poor choices of who to love ? That only proves how strong the need to love is . It blinds us as to the object.This is not a bad thing . People who follow their heart like that are really living their truth . In the movie Anna 's mother says , `` I never really liked Sean . '' Given this remark , and his affair , apparently Sean was n't a completely admirable person . But something about him allowed Anna to feel that grand passion , that pure love , that every person longs to feel . Anna is admirable in that she went with her heart , went with Sean . She was living her truth , no matter what her mother or others thought . She was lion-hearted . And loyalty ? Another positive thing . Her loyalty - not so much loyalty to the actual person of her dead husband Sean , as loyalty to her own experience of pure love - was always simmering beneath the surface . Hence her reluctance to be wooed by Joseph . The appearance of the 10-year-old Sean triggered all her simmering loyalty and it burst forth . The sparkle in Anna 's eyes as she 's telling young Sean how they 'll run away together ! She 's feeling this essential aspect of loyalty ! Never before in the movie has she looked this alive . She 's feeling her own loyalty and it feels wonderful . It does n't matter to her that this Sean is only 10 . She gets to express her loyalty , a truly spiritual thing . Again , she 's admirable in that she 's living her truth . Imagine the ramifications from her family and society if this running-away scenario was actually to play out . But she does n't care ; all that matters to her is her inner truth . Again , she 's lion-hearted . The ending scene of her in her wedding dress on the beach is harrowing in its truth . Some reviewers say she 's having a nervous breakdown . Some say she 's mentally ill . As a person who 's gone through this , I say it 's a wonderfully accurate depiction of what no one wants to talk about , let alone actually feel . I 'm talking about the utter pathos and despair of the human condition i.e. the absolute horror of death . When you feel the inevitability of death , when you feel the pain of human life where everything you love is always lost , then you feel the pointlessness of conventional life , this physical life on Earth . You realize that the only things that matter , the only things that last , are the things of the spirit , the love and loyalty I 've just discussed , the things of God . The physical life seems hollow and meaningless.In the final scene Anna is having this realization . We 've already seen how she 's capable of following her heart , and this vulnerability now allows her a truly profound spiritual breakthrough . She 's feeling the deception of a marriage to a man she does n't really love , a marriage just for the sake of convention , or because she `` should be getting on with her life '' . The deception is to herself . The betrayal is to herself . She wants her pure love , she wants her loyalty , she wants her truth . HER TRUTH , not society 's . This is what she 's feeling as she sobs on the beach . She 's sobbing for her real life , for her heart . There 's the sense that it 's grief for the person of the dead Sean ; that 's true in that it 's all one thing.The power and message of the movie lies in the remark made by young Sean in his letter to Anna at the end - `` At least nothing of any consequence happened . '' Really ?? The encounter with this young boy changed Anna 's life forever . In a good way . Over the 10 years since her husband 's death , Anna 's pain had subsided and she 'd lost that edge ; she 'd forgotten her heart 's desire . Hence her capitulation to Joseph . Thanks to young Sean , all her raw feelings were exposed again , and it was this tortured condition of her soul that brought on her spiritual realization on the beach . What a gift from God ! As Anna walked off the beach with Joseph , I hoped she would he brave enough - lion-hearted enough - to have the marriage annulled and embrace the new spirtual life opened to her .
 One of my top favorite films . I do n't typically go for `` quiet '' films , but this one packs a wallop that you know is coming . The music is a huge part of the experience . A truly luscious soundtrack . Nicole Kidman is really pretty in this film with her pixie doo . The 10-year-old boy is perfectly odd . Their interactions are uncomfortable from the start , so the most controversial scene involved is no more perverse than the rest of the plot . Even Anne Heche seems perfect as the woman with the mysterious behavior . The movie seems almost like a science fiction ghost story -- but is it ... or is it not ? There is one section of this DVD that gets very grainy but it does n't last long . I wish it were on Blu-Ray , but I 'm happy enough to have the DVD . A movie I 've already watched repeatedly because it 's that good . But I can understand why some people hate it in equal measure .
 No studio executive would ever admit that directors of music videos and commercials - who they often engage in thrift - seldom transition well to feature filmmaking . Preoccupied with the technical aspects of a production larger than what they 're accustomed to , most of them are ill-equipped to properly attend to plot and characterization ; as a result , these commercial craftsmen usually turn out attractive , ultimately superficial movies . However , British director Jonathan Glazer - whose prior work consists of memorable music videos for Radiohead , Massive Attack and Blur - imparts surprising depth to his first feature-length picture . Birth is virtually gimmick-free , filled with gorgeous long takes and lengthy static close-ups in order to develop tension and facilitate his gifted cast . Too few contemporary filmmakers actually give their performers sufficient space to act , but Glazer 's uncommon treatment of the medium is almost Soviet in its execution.Waif-thin , sporting a red pixie cut and a tremulous , nasal American accent , Nicole Kidman looks and sounds more than a bit like Mia Farrow in Rosemary 's Baby as a Manhattanite widow . Her engagement to her desperately devoted fianc&eacute; -LRB- Danny Huston -RRB- is disrupted by a child -LRB- Cameron Bright -RRB- who claims to be the reincarnation of her dead husband . Exhibiting an inexplicable knowledge of their relationship , the boy 's presence throws the betrothal into turmoil and bewilders the couple 's family and friends . For the uninitiated , it 's best not to know any more of the story , which amounts to little even after a novel plot twist , but prompts great performances from its leads and distinguished supporting cast -LRB- Lauren Bacall , Peter Stormare , Anne Heche -RRB- . Furthermore , this film 's characters are subordinate to its themes
 The premise of this film may shock some as I know it did many of the critics . The whole idea of a grown woman falling in love with a ten year old is quite creepy , but there is so much more to this film when you take a step back and look at it from another perspective . I will address something right off bat and I hope that this does n't spoil anything for you . When the credits starting rolling my wife looked at me and said `` what the hell '' and I know why she said that , but the importance to this film is not in the answer to our questions but in our interpritation of the truth . I 'll only say that so as not to give away too much . The film follows Anna -LRB- Kidman -RRB- ten years after the death of her husband . She is now engaged to Joseph -LRB- Huston in a powerful performance -RRB- and everything seems to be going great for her until a young boy shows his face while she 's entertaining family . This young boy Sean -LRB- played by remarkable young actor Cameron Bright -RRB- proceeds to tell Anne that he is her late husband reincarnated and that he loves her and wants to be with her and does not want her to marry Joseph . She initially is upset by this but he persists and she soon starts to believe him ... she starts to love him . This causes a strain on her relationships with everyone from her mother and sister to her fiance and she eventually makes rash decitions that could ruin her life . Kidman does a brilliant job her playing a woman torn by the life she knows and the life she wants to believe is possible . It really shows what someone is willing to believe for the sake of feeling the love they lost so long ago . The charactor I 'm so fond of though was Joseph , the fiance who loves his soon-to-be bride but is quickly growing weary of her newfound facination with this child ... this child who is insitant in driving Joseph away . Theres a scene where Joseph loses his head and starts beating Sean and my heart goes out to him . He is losing everything he has because of some boy with this idea in his head that may or may not be real . The end leaves you with a question of what to believe and who to believe and whether or not you walk away feeling as I do depends competly on how you look at the matter . I do want to point out that although this film recieved an R rating there is no language or violence and the sexual content is in reference to one scene lasting a few seconds where Joseph is making love to Anna . There is some rear nudity on the part of Huston -LRB- beefy but w/w -RRB- but other than that the film is pretty clean and the scene alone is not pertantent to the story . I will say though that the subject matter alone is very adult and the feelings that cultivate between Anna and young Sean are very contiversal and may be unsettling especially in the scene where they share a bath together . All in all this is a work of art that touches upon our inner emotions , not necisarilly in the context that it 's portrayed but in general and it asks the question `` how much to we love our mates and if that much what would we do , say and or believe even if it means keeping them in our lives ? ''
 I think , by and large , people are going to hate this movie.During the screening I attended , there was a lot of uneasy laughter . And , God knows , I ca n't really defend some of the movie 's weaknesses -LRB- several of the characters seem unhinged ; the opening line of dialogue is deliberately , narratively misleading ; most of the characters sit around repeating variations on , `` I ca n't believe this is happening '' yet they rarely actually do anything practical ; the pace is slow and the tone is cold -RRB- and I may , on a second viewing , completely change my positive opinion of this film because most of my enjoyment of it stemmed from wondering what the hell was going to happen next.Still , `` what 's going to happen next ? '' is a good thing to be wondering in a movie these days , I think , and people who can cut this flick some slack and suspend disbelief might become engrossed by the ride.I was mostly interested in this film because Jonathan Glazer , who made `` Sexy Beast '' directed it . I have to say , aside from a cool aesthetic and a similar theme -LRB- an unusual outsider visits some sheltered , privelaged people and shatters their life -RRB- the two films have little in common . `` Birth '' seems to combine elements of `` Ghost , '' `` My Man Godfrey , '' `` Heaven Can Wait '' and others into a dark lark that eventually becomes something altogether different.But the movie does have a lot to recommend
 Spoiler alert ! I warn you in advance
 The cinematic design is absolutely breathtaking and the talented Nicole Kidman portrays a tortured widow flawlessly . By midway though the movie you start to believe that she is actually beginning to have feelings for her ten year old reincarnated husband , which in a way alienates the audience . Yet even through her appalling actions she finds a way to make you sympathize with her.In the end you want to support her jealous , enraged , new fianc&eacute; but you ca n't you are stuck with breathless , hoping he does n't find out anything else about their strange relationship . When a movie makes you cheer for the obvious villain the director and the movie has done its job .
 Gee , I really got a kick out of the reviews that label this film as stupid and trashy . Actually , that 's probably what those viewers were seeking and instead found a subtle , well-crafted drama that raises many questions and intentionally refuses to answer them upfront.Very European in pace and texture ; the camera lingers for long periods of time on faces , and the dialogue is sparse for a drama . Watch Kidman at the opera -- a great , wordless three minute scene that holds just on her.If you watch and listen carefully the answers to the story are there , but viewers with loose attention spans that demand that films spoon-feed them will be sorely disappointed.IMHO , it 's a thoughtful , heart-breaking puzzle of a film that wo n't jive with many , but I found myself returning to it several times and finding more to savor .
 anna 's -LRB- kidman -RRB- plans to remarry are thrown into a tailspin when she meets an eerie young boy who claims to be her late husband reincarnated.this is the movie with the now infamous bathtub scene with kidman and the little boy.DVD has some so-so special features , but is overall much better than godsend .
 i loved this film . it makes you think and ask or want to ask questions afterwards . my suggestion is to see it at least 2 or possibly , 3 times . you 'll pick up key things that you might have missed the first time around - and i did . a few things seemed a reach . for instance
 what we have here is a movie with a story in it not like any other story nicole kidman is such a great actress and by far birth and cold mountian are one of her top performances as you know birth is about a 10 year old boy named shawn and anna is kidman be smart and buy this movie there 's nothing sexual about this movie at all this movie is a keeper
 I read the so-so reviews prior to watching Birth
 Lets look at some of the movies that were up for best pix of the year ... `` Million Dollar Baby '' ... a old Clint walking though a weak part ... Morgan . . a part my dog could have handled ... Swank doing first round knock outs . No awards deserved !!! Then Sideways ... I learned a lot about wine tasting ... and it was pretty to watch , but dull . Then `` Aviator '' ... Cate did Hep pretty good ... but I 've seen Howard done before ... slow and boring . `` Birth '' ... has the score ... has the best actress -LRB- Nicole out does herself -RRB- ... has the best supporting actress -LRB- go Anne -RRB- ... a twisted love story ... a true masterpiece !!! Please watch this with a good surround system !! And crank it up !!!
 This movie is good . There is a fairly good plot but some parts aer just stupid . The end makes you think Why was this movie even made ? It seems pointless .
 Granted , Birth 's premise is unconventional and perhaps even , as some critics have branded it , `` strange . '' But what really lies beneath all of the over-publicised threads of the story is a thought-provoking , modern story headlined by Nicole Kidman.Kidman offers a luminous , award-worthy performance as Anna , a successful corporate executive who has reconciled the death of her husband ten years prior to the extent that she feels ready to marry -LRB- and love -RRB- again . During a party , a ten-year-old boy materialises , convinced that he is the reincarnation of Anna 's husband . He enumerates revealing information about Anna 's marriage and her family . Despite Anna 's attempt to down-play the boy 's appearance and his claims , her resolve to follow through with her marriage begins to crumble as the boy -LRB- Sean -RRB- persists . The plot keeps you questioning what will happen to Anna and Sean , particularly when an emotive Kidman , whose consciousness seems to be disintegrating , explores the implications of a future with Sean . These last few scenes are particularly moving , as the hope of recapturing lost love seems to outweigh rationalisation.Jonathan Glazer 's careful , artful direction lends a profound , almost stark quality to the film . Colours are used judiciously , from the jade greens of apartment to the clinical white of snow and Anna 's offices , adding more pathos . Anna Heche 's performance is also notable and -LRB- surprisingly -RRB- pivotal to the script . At its conclusion , Birth remains as psychological as it does thought-provoking , forcing the viewer to question one 's conception of the meaning of love in its various forms .
 Considering it is the story of a budding love affair between a fashionable New York woman and a 10-year-old boy who claims to be her dead husband , `` Birth '' could not afford to make one small misstep toward being cheap or tawdry . And , remarkably , it does not . In fact , it 's quiet , creepy and brilliant , bursting with a strange kind of confidence that director co-writer/director Jonathan Glazer knows just what to do with this story , and does it.The opening scene immediately sets that tone - a beautiful shot of a man running through Central Park , in high winter , passing under one tunnel , then halfway through another before he collapses . We are then shown the birth of a boy , the title card of ten years later , and a shot of the woman , Anna -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- , touching a gravestone . She returns to the car and says to a man , `` okay . '' She 's just accepted his proposal for marriage.Not long after , the boy , Sean -LRB- Cameron Bright -RRB- , appears at a birthday party in Anna 's expensive apartment . It 's a shot of giant birthday cake illuminating Anna 's whole family as they see the boy for the first time . Sean pulls Anna aside . `` It 's me , Sean , '' he says . `` Your husband . `` The movie presents this material like a short story would , with tact , detail and suspense . Anna is at first amused . Then curious . Then bothered . Then , in an extrodinary sequence that focuses on Kidman 's face for a full two minutes at the symphony , deeply shaken . Bright plays the boy with a quiet certitude beyond his years , and besides , this Sean * knows * things . How ? Is it Sean reincarnated ? The movie provides one direct answer , but , piecing the details together , there are moments that answer does n't address , least of all the opening sequence . `` Birth '' is comfortable enough to be unsettling and sad
 Kidman is as powerful in this as she always is . She plays the role of a widow engaged to someone new when a boy appears in her life claiming to be the reincarnation of her dead husband . The plot has some good twists and turns and there is a dark uneasiness throughout the film . The sensuality between Kidman and the boy is disturbing but not over done and the director has walked a very fine line there and done it well . The often over-used backdrop of New York and Central Park is captured quite beautifully here and amost features as a character more than a backdrop which is a nice touch . The final feeling is certainly one of how we see what we want to see and a stark reminded that our own objective reality often has nothing at all to do with reality outside of us .
 I really do n't enjoy writing opinionated responses , but I feel obliged to congratulate Jonathan Glazer 's imagination and success in creating such a lovely piece of work amidst all of the banality going on today . the movie has been repeatedly criticized as weird and slow . The premise of the story about a 10 year old being the reincarnation of someone 's husband has to be about as promising a plot as watching Die Hard 7 . what makes all of this stand out is the direction by Glazer -LRB- Sexy Beast -RRB- , who supposedly worked on the story for years , the writers , one of whom wrote the scripts for Belle de Jour and Unbearable Lightness of Being , another who wrote Monster 's Ball , the cinematographer -LRB- Elephant Man -RRB- , and especially the music of Alexdandre Despant , which is one of the best film scores I 've ever heard . oh , and the cast is also fantastic . If you 've seen , liked , know about any of the films just mentioned -LRB- with the exception of Die Hard -RRB- , then chances are you will view this as a movie with some heart . the continual responses equating this to a thriller/weird pedaphile movie baffle me , because it is absolutely nothing of the sort.tokyoE
 The movie Birth delved into the incredibly controversial concept of reincarnation with such adeptness and agility that I was spellbound from the very casting of the net.Not only was the cast superb in each of their own characters , but the way that they intertwined , or perhaps did not exactly intertwine was a web of masterfulness.The ending , a shocking disappointment because of the lack of resolution , only stimulated my curiosity further to wish that there was an immediate sequel to at least give me some hope of resolve to the mystery that was put forth .
 Jonathan Glazer who made a name for himself with his debut film `` Sexy Beast , '' delivers the decidedly different BIRTH -LRB- New Line -RRB- as his follow-up film.Mixed reviews and an indifferent box-office have tainted this stylish , demanding film that defies easy categorization . Is it a metaphysical mystery ? Is it about grief ? About manipulation ? About two pathologies colliding ? Or an argument for the possibility of reincarnationWhatever it is , Nicole Kidman gives a haunting , spellbinding performance as a widow about to remarry but who becomes unhinged , then hope-filled when convinced she 's met her dead husband in the form of a 10 year old boy.Kidman 's heartbroken character knowingly risks madness for a chance to retrieve her lost love makes this worth seeing.There 's a rational explanation of sorts to the goings on and a subplot that impacts our understanding of the main characters and their relationships . What 's sorely missed is a commentary by Glazer , fellow screenwriters and Kidman .
 Not everyone will like this film . I just saw it for the first time . Visually , its beautiful . The lighting and the sets are lovely . The story is a little slow at times but it seems to be an intentional choice by the writers and the director . Jonathan Glazer has made one previously film and lots of videos so his films are always going to have an edge to them and be visually beautiful . I enjoyed the film but I especially enjoyed the soundtrack . The first song in the film and the visuals that go with it are spectacular.Overall , its a gorgeous film with wonderfully strong performances from a great cast . Its just a little slow .
 `` Birth '' is fascinating , but in a sick , sick kind of way . It never loses the audience 's attention.To start with , the plot is extremely innovative . Main character Anna is set to marry a man named Joseph - 10 years after the death of her first husband , Sean . But a 10-year-old boy arrives on the scene , claiming to be a reincarnation of the dead husband . His name , indeed , is Sean.Sean seems to know intimate details about Anna that only the `` real '' Sean would know - where `` they '' met , the fact that they `` did it '' on Anna 's brother 's couch . He warns Anna not to marry Joseph . Slowly , Anna starts to believe , and fall in love with , him.Cameron Bright does an excellent job of playing the child , coming off as creepy beyond his years and yet innocent at times . He 's clearly in the top tier of modern child actors.The movie 's most controversial scene , of course , occurs when the young Sean gets in a bathtub with Anna . Yes , naked , though there is no nudity in the shots . Critics including Robert Ebert have called it `` care -LSB- ful -RSB- and tact -LSB- ful -RSB- , '' but it is indeed rather gag-inducing . Such an act , regardless of the circumstances and the manner in which it 's filmed , is hard to excuse unless followed by a prison sentence . The movie would be much better off without it.The other scenes are excellent , however . Anna and her rich family -LRB- they all seem to live under one roof , oddly -RRB- react realistically and with skepticism . As the plot develops and Anna contemplates a relationship with Sean , her relatives and fiancee react more seriously , and even with violence.These elements make the movie easily worth seeing , as it is thought-provoking and very disturbing . The script is fiction at its best.To the film 's detriment , though , is the cinematography . Striving too hard for an `` artsy '' vibe , the movie 's flow is interrupted by awkward pauses , soap opera-esque zooming on characters ' staring expressions and a very odd final sequence.In the end , the characters come through realistically , and the plot winds down to a totally unexpected conclusion . But in the process of making the ending come out of nowhere , the producers did n't bother to check their facts from earlier in the flick . Any analysis would spoil the ending , but it leaves the audience confused.All in all , despite its flaws and the facts that do n't line up , `` Birth '' is one of the better movies to come out this year .
 This film is pleasantly slow-paced , giving the audience plenty of time to know each character and ponder what might be going on . Lauren Bacall and Nicole Kidman were terrific as was the young actor playing Sean .
 Having read some of the reviews here I am amazed at the stupidity that is painfully evident in the same . This movie has no unsolved mystery in it . See it if you want to enjoy a pretty good flick . WARNING
 As did another reviewer , I immediately found a thrilling sense of guidance by Stanley Kubrick 's spirit in this film . Recovering from a cold , I stumbled on this movie and was amazed at the depth of Nicole Kidman 's acting ability . Anyone who has suffered the loss of a loved one understands the often muted but constant feeling of despair shown here . Kidman brilliantly displayed a struggle with poise , vulnerability , and anguish that I have n't seen since Michelle Pfeiffer in Dangerous Liaisons .
 The always versatile Ms. Kidman plays Anna , a woman who is grieving for her husband ten years after he has died . Even on the tranquil surface of her face Anna 's expression suggests there are emotional scars buried deep within her . She is about to marry Joseph , a man who is strong-willed and arrogant enough to assume a woman will say `` yes '' to him , it 's just a matter of time . An offensive and immature character , he only thinks of how things will affect him and what he can get . He sees Anna as a conquest , a pretty girl to have on his arm at parties.When a ten-year-old boy named Sean shows up at a small dinner Anna and Joseph are hosting , everything changes . Sean claims to be Anna 's husband and he wants her to listen to what he has to say.Whether it 's the tub scene where Anna allows a naked boy to join her while she is bathing or the point when Anna fully accepts the idea that the child is indeed the man she was once married to , `` Birth '' never allows you to feel comfortable . Anna could very well be an intelligent woman outside of her grief -LRB- the audience does n't really know this for sure because little background information is provided on the main characters -RRB- but her emotions get the best of her and suddenly she is as scary as anything from `` Rosemary 's Baby '' -LRB- she even sports a similiar haircut to Mia Farrow 's -RRB- . For many , `` Birth '' may seem like just a bizarre thriller , memorable because it dares to defy conventions . For others it may be downright disgusting . For me it was the former , the latter AND a frightening study of an emotionally troubled woman who never really knew her husband.I am willing to bet I will never go through `` Birth '' again as long as I live , but I also wo n't forget how Anna 's labor `` panes '' reflect Nicole Kidman 's extraordinary acting skills !
 Thank God for Nicole Kidman . She 's at the top of the Hollywood food chain ; a statuesque beauty with an Academy Award , and yet she still continues to make intelligent , though-provoking , risky films for an adult audience . `` Birth '' is an enigmatic little film . It could probably be described as a supernatural thriller , but if it is it 's a very subtle , quiet , and low-key one . When widowed Anna is finally ready to remarry and move on ten years after her husband 's death , a preternaturally composed 10-year-old boy literally walks into her life claiming to be her reincarnated late husband back to claim her as his own . Although this premise may seem ridiculous , the script , director and actors all seem to make everything that happens effortlessly believable . The obvious question is whether or not the boy is really Anna 's late husband , but the film also poses less obvious , possibly rhetorical questions to its audience about love , death and grief .
 Like you , I saw the preview for this , and heard the premise , and thought `` WHAT the F *** ?! '' But then I read so many positive reviews that I determined to see it , and was very glad I did . I 'm always intrigued when a review says essentially `` it 's almost impossible to describe what 's good about this in a review , but it 's a really great movie . '' And that 's how this was.You have to just deal with the premise . Just deal with it and move on , because that 's not what it 's about . The premise is , as with any story , just a framework to hang a story on , and the fact that this one is thinner than usual I think is used purposefully to direct your attention away from plot points and toward the emotional reality of the characters and story.You 'd also better get used to the idea that the explanation you 're going to get at the end is not going to wrap everything up . But if you 're really following the movie , by then you wo n't care.One of the joys of this movie is the reliance on technique . The movie begins with a wonderful high steadicam shot following a jogger through wintery Central Park -LSB- bare trees against a gray sky will become a recurring visual motif -RSB- , while the first piece of the wonderful score by Alexandre Desplat plays . There are a great many sequences here in which there is no dialogue , just the amazing score -LSB- which finds a way to USE the spare repetition of Philip Glass to emotional effect , something I 've never actually heard in Philip Glass -RSB- and careful compositions . There are also a great many long takes , and long takes of the actor 's faces . One of these you 've probably read about ; the long take of Nicole Kidman at the opera , trying to hold it together and focus as a storm of emotion rages within her . But there are a great many more of these , none quite as electrifying as that one , but all fascinating nonetheless.And it 's just such a thrill to have some intelligent filmic TECHNIQUE to follow!The performances are all very good , but Nicole Kidman 's really stands out . She creates such a convincing character , and so confidently goes into the most outwardly ridiculous scenes , she alone takes the viewer with her . She has a number of standout scenes , and it 's a shame that no one paid enough attention to this movie to give her the accolades for her work that she deserves . She has a scene in here -LSB- tucking in the bed -RSB- that is the equivalent of Shelly Duvall finding her husbands `` novel '' in The Shining , and is just as creepy . Go , Nicole ! It 's great that she does movies like this instead of just chucking it all for the likes of The Stepford Wives.Cameron Bright also does an excellent job of seeming legitimately adult , and Danny Huston conveys a domineering and slightly evil force that comes into play as the movie moves toward its conclusion.This movie is more about psychological truth than literal truth , and you just have to deal with that . It builds to a climax that , if you 've allowed yourself to be drawn into the story , will stay with you for a few days . Although the shot of Nicole 's face at the opera gets the majority of the attention , it was the last shot of the film that I found terribly harrowing and haunting.This was the best new movie I 've seen in more than a year .
 This film is a psychological mystery that calls to mind the works of Stanley Kubrick and Steven Speilberg . Much controversy was made over this film when it was released - and understandably so - but it is so well acted , and handled with such subtlety that you become completely engrossed with the story . Nicole Kidman was nominated for a Golden Globe for her performance , and I believe that she should have been nominated for an Oscar.The story is about a woman named Anna , who is preparing to marry her second husband , Joseph . Her first husband , Sean , passed away a few years ago , and she is still greiving his death . One day , a ten year old boy shows up at her mother 's birthday party unannounced , and tells her that he is her late husband . At first , she forcefully asks him to leave , but he refuses to leave her alone . He knows things about Sean that no one else would have known . He knows intimate details about her friends and family , and soon it becomes overwhelming , and she starts to believe that it is a possibility that this young man could be the reincarnation of her husband . Most of the film is about her inner struggle with this complicated situation , but the best thing about the film is that it handles it with common sense . The characters act realistically , and that makes all the difference . This film avoids sappiness at all costs , and that makes it all the more powerful and unsettling.Young co-star Cameron Bright is quite good in his complicated role . People may say that he is simply imitating Haley Joel Osment , but they would be wrong . This is not your typical `` creepy kid '' role . He brings real depth to the material , and is totally convincing . Screen veteran Lauren Bacall is always a joy to watch , and she plays Kidman 's mother.This is probably one of the most misunderstood films of 2004 . Yes , the ending does seem like a cop-out , but I believe it is open to multiple interpretations . BIRTH also boasts some excellent cinematography from Harris Savides , and a haunting score by Alexandre Desplat .
 With that being said ... this movie breaks all sorts of typical American taboos , but this film would only be worthy of a commercial in say Japan . However ! Kudos to Nicole Kidman for taking this role . . it could have blacklisted a lesser known actress.The story moves slow , gives a look into upper-class calousness , and then you get to see Nicole who turns out to be the loose cannon . I loved the fact that she actually considered running away with this kid.Seems like everything has worked out ok for Mary Kay Lentorneau =-RRB- ha.In any case , this is an artsy film , so if that is n't your particular genre of choice , then just avoid it to save yourself from feeling obligated to give it a negative review.I only gave it 4 stars because I never felt any chemistry whatsoever between Nicole and the real guy she was supposed to be marrying ... but then perhaps that was the point . . to make the 10 year supposed reincarnation of Shawn look like the better choice.Great film .
 Whoa , this movie left me at first confused because I wanted to believe little Sean was Anna 's husband even though the mistress proved he was a fake . I can see why Anna 's character `` lost it '' at the wedding . When she is finally convinced her dead husband is alive -LRB- and is ready to run off with little Sean and wait till he is of age to marry !!! -RRB- , little Sean comes to the conclusion he 's not really her dead husband after all . With this revelation , you could just feel Anna 's heart being ripped out and torn into little itty bitty pieces ! To believe you are reunited with a loved one who has died only to loose him again is a good cause for a mental breakdown-just watch Anna in the movie.This movie is very heart wrenching and pulls your emotions in all sorts of directions . You will question your beliefs and maybe -LRB- like me -RRB- want to believe what is not true ... I gave this movie 4 stars because Nicole Kidman 's character , Anna , ends up having a mental breakdown from her encounter with a 10 year old boy who is psychologically imbalanced . Definitely not a heart warming ending , but leaves a strong impression on the audience .
 ` Birth ' is not a ` mystery film ' or a ` mystery thriller ' , as many people seem to think . In the first ten minutes a careful viewer can already solve the whole puzzle about the so-called reincarnation-mystery concerned with Anna 's deceased husband Sean and a ten year old boy -LRB- played by Cameron Bright -RRB- whose name is also Sean . After ten minutes I was first a bit disappointed that I knew immediately and so early about how the boy gets ` connected ' so closely to Anna -LRB- played by Nicole Kidman -RRB- . But this film is not about solving a mystery around a supposed reincarnation of Anna 's husband in a ten year old boy.Ten years after her husband 's death , the widow Anna - still young , in her thirties - believes she has overcome most of her grief . She 's on the verge of remarrying and begin a new life with a lucky guy called Joseph -LRB- played by Danny Huston -RRB- . But then a ten year old boy literally steps into her life , claiming he 's her lost dead husband . Little by little the boy turns Anna 's world completely upside down once again.One of the dark ironies of the story is Anna 's loyalty to her dead husband . She never had any clue of his unfaithfullnes to her . Anna does n't know that her husband Sean cheated her , he had a mistress , Clara -LRB- played by Anne Heche -RRB- . Ten years after Sean 's death , when Anna is about to remarry , Clara - who also loved Sean very much - wants to make clear to Anna in a very mean way that Sean was adulterous . Then Clara reconsiders her evil plan and decides to keep her secret to herself . Her decision to hide the truth has big consequences and from there the story of Anna and a little boy called Sean inevitably takes its course.This movie is in essence a psychological drama centered around Anna 's grief over her deceased beloved husband , a man she truly loved , a man she could n't get out of her system for a long time after his death . Anna 's mourning process is being put back in motion by a 10-year old imaginative boy who has fallen in love with Anna . In fact both the boy and Anna are spellbound and in love , each in a different way of course . Anna ` seeks and finds ' her deceased husband once again in the little boy Sean . The boy seems to be so familiar with all the details of her life during her former marriage , that Anna can hardly escape from the boy 's spell over her.The story is shot by Jonathan Glazer in a beautiful way and Nicole Kidman - with a Rosemary 's Baby/Mia Farrow-haircut - is glorious ! There 's also a tremendous musical contribution by composer Alexandre Desplat . He delivers a perfect score with all the right moods . The whole story and Glazer 's artful long-shot takes would n't have worked so well without Desplat 's score in several key scenes . In a perfect balance of light and dark colored music Desplat adds all the necessary magic to the story , while making the story more convincing and believable at the same time . The piano waltz for instance is sheer magic . Its melancholic , poignant theme - from which Desplat uses material in several orchestral pieces throughout the film - seems to me a round up of the inner world of the three main characters , Anna , Clara and the boy Sean . The waltz conjures up their love , hope , sadness , disappointment and delusion.Director Glazer shows his genius in his alternate and daring use of silence and music and in the way he gets the best out of Kidman , especially in several long-shot scenes . Two non-verbal scenes with Kidman are unforgettable , outstanding highlights
 What would you do if your beloved husband died ? And 10 years later , just as you are getting ready to marry again , a 10-year-old boy appears , who claims to be your husband , reincarnated . He remembers your past together , knows things no one else knows , and swears he is your husband.Nicole Kidman plays Anna , the woman put in this situation . The movie is simple and elegant , taking viewers through the process of disbelief , questioning and a reanalysis of what really can be.Sean , the child claiming to be Anna 's husband , does a superb and convincing job , putting himself in a role similar to a male Lolita.Filled with wonder , mystery and all kinds of love , Birth is an intense movie exploring what it means to be a human and what it means to love .
 After a boy sneaks into a birthday party held in a ritzy Manhattan duplex , he convinces a pretty woman named Anna to step aside for a private conversation . The boy tells Anna that he is Sean , implying that this is not only in the name he bears , but also in the sense that he is in fact her dead husband come back to life . This bizarre revelation is explored through the duration of the film.An experiment in what some would consider `` the ridiculous , '' Birth forces one to suspend disbelief early on , and when the moviegoer finally fails to keep his or her disbelief fully suspended , which he or she will fail to do , eventually , and inevitably -- and this before the first act is even over -- the only thing that will maintain interest in the film is plain ol' curiosity -- in this case , to see where the film will go , and what will become of the characters . This is a major credit to the filmmakers , especially director Jonathan Glazer , whose eye toward atmosphere and pacing is particularly keen . In lesser hands the film would have fallen apart , but Glazer , despite the movie 's farfetched premise , manages to hold our interest by delivering on suspense . Each of his scenes moves the story marginally closer to what we long for
 amazing footage !!! overall a amazing dvd of one of todays musics best producers . . lots of funny stuff and fans in this DVD !!!! check out -LSB- website -RSB- to talk to other fans !! some of them can be seen in this DVD ! just order it i promise you you wont regret it !
 this dvd is truely an inside view on Quik and represents so much of the CPT
 DJ Quik is simply one of the greatest producers of our era . I cant say much more than that . This DVD shows some amazing live performances which showcase his showmanship and talent , plus some amazing studio footage which show Quik and his crew behind the scenes doing their thing . You cant go wrong . DJ Quik is simply amazing , his rhymes , his beats . You cant touch him .
 I was watching and i seen myself in the photo gallery part when DJ quik did a concert here in Phoenix . IM in like 5 pics . Nice DVD with old skool quik videos
 He 's been in the music industry for close to 15 years . He continues to write , produce , and perform some of the most addictive music in the history of West Coast rap . Still , DJ Quik must fight to gain respect . With his latest project , a full-length DVD movie chronicling his life on tour , in the studio , and all sorts of behind-the-scenes action , Quik aims to shows his fans all of the hard work that goes into making his music . `` Visualism '' is n't your average `` Behind The Music '' profile . You 'll not only get to hear Quik speak on his life and his career but also get some insight on how he produces his music . There is a lot of very interesting information for all the aspiring producers and musicians out there . `` Visualism '' not only shows what Quik has been up to but it also introduces you to the line-up of artists who work with him on a regular basis including Hi-C , Suga Free , and AMG . It also has Quik speaking on his departed homeboy , Mausberg , with concert footage of the late rapper as well as video of Quik 's tribute to him on tour . Quik also speaks on another deceased rapper , the legendary Tupac Shakur . You 'll also see Quik in the studio working with Nate Dogg on the soundtrack for the Chris Rock movie , `` Head Of State '' . You also get a commentary track where Quik speaks on the entire movie.Any true DJ Quik fan will want to own this DVD and if even if you 've never heard anything that Quik has put down in the studio , this might convert you . You may want to pick up a few of his albums and get the backstory on his career first though .
 I 'm a long time fan of Quik . This DVD is better than all of the `` behind the scenes '' hip hop films . Quik is real and does n't put up a facade for the cameras . He pays strong tribute to his crew and gives love to his fans like he 's the fan . D.J. Quik 's Visualism is highly entertaining and is one of my favorite DVDs . This is a must have for all fans of Quik , Hi-C , AMG , and Suga Free .
 If I was DJ Quik , I 'd be mad as hell if I knew that Amazon was trying to bundle my DVD with a Crip-Walkin DVD ! DJ Quik 's a Blood ! Amazon should get that changed . For real.Otherwise , DJ Quik is an amazingly talented producer and every `` Quik 's Groove '' on his albums is just a refreshing track to listen to .
 DJ Quik is one of the Baddest Cats in the Music Business.in the Rap-Hiop/Hop Game He is My Favorite Producer.the Cat has Tight Jams & alot of Fun in His Grooves.this Compilation showcases the Genius of Quik & He brings His Crew on board here.Quik is So Underrated it 's not even funny .
 This DVD is so good . I picked it up at my local store for $ 10 Australian Dollars . This has the full-length film-clips for `` Tonite '' , `` Trouble '' , `` Born & Raised In Compton '' & `` Quik Is The Name '' . It also has lots of concert footage , a tupac tribute , a mausberg tribute & lots of behind-the-scenes footage . If i was u i would get this without even thinking twice about it .
 the first time i really noticed dj quik was when he and amg dropped the way ahead of itz time trouble . . the first time i heard the intro i was doing something and the t.v. was up loud but when i heard that i ran 2 the t.v. and was like wow and ever since then i 've gotten almost everything that quik has ever released ... this dvd is a great look into the world of quik and how he gets down . . even though itz dated itz still a good look into his world and genious who has crafted some of the best tracks in black music history . . i once heard someone say and i quote `` dj quik is the poor man 's dr.dre `` i strongly disagree , quik might not get the same looks as dre but he is in my book equal or even betterget this one
 this man deserves more props period point blank.he does not try to shine above the rest or step on anybodys feet.very creative , talented , genious.he has ` nt had the talent on a label as some others had but the future is mr. quik please beleive.he 's made hit after hit for over a decade now and he still have not reached his peek yet.ohhhhhhhhh boy
 Quik fans got alot in the last 2 years . 2 CDs and now ... The best rap DVD to ever hit shelves . Trust me , when you see this you 'll be blown away . I 've never been so excited for a DVD . In fact I watched it twice in one day . But even if you arent a huge DJ Quik supporter like me , you 'll still love this , for the comedy , the girls and most of all , the music . David Blake has never had a look into his life like this . You see shows , studio footage , personal videos -LRB- with lots of Mausberg in them -RRB- , Exclusive never before heard audio done by Quik , and probably the best is just seeing his life on the road . Quik and his crew have lots of fun and it makes you think , `` If I was a rap star I 'd like to be like that '' . The greatest producer in rap music has finally done it , and I would n't think for a second to not recomend this .
 I guess this is the type of movie that students are expected to watch and write reports on and that 's kinda too bad , because the American Short Stories series is definitely one of the best series on TV.This F. Scott Fitzgerald story is one of the best from the series as it captures the attitude of the times , the ' 20 's . The teenagers are all affecting such sophistication . Bernice is n't used to this New York City sophistication , and is painfully shy at first on her visit , but finds herself prodded and pushed . The lesson is eventually learned , the lesson that it 's best to be yourself since nobody else can do as good a job at being you as you can.Importantly , the lesson is given to us in a most entertaining manner . One who has n't become acquainted with Fitzgerald should find this taste of his skills addictive.Well worth watching .
 This was a pretty good movie , as far as films for English class go . It 's based on a book by F. Scott Fitzgerald , which is why we watched it in English . The actress who plays Bernice looked like she was starving to death and would keel over at any minute . She also had quite a massive wig . But beyond it being painful to look at the main character , it was a pretty decent film . In it , a girl named Bernice goes to stay with her aunt and her cousin , Marjorie for a few weeks of her summer . Bernice was n't too popular with boys , and as Marjorie got sick of asking boys to dance with her , she complained to her mother about how Bernice was ruining her summer . Bernice overheard her cousin complaining , and got really depressed and refused to go out for about a day , before asking Marjorie to help her become socially appealing . Marjorie told her a few lines , and showed her a few moves , and , sure enough , Bernice became instantaneously popular . To make herself appear more daring , Bernice announced that she intended to bob her hair , after Marjorie suggested it . Soon , all the boys were calling on Bernice , including Warren , the boy that had been persuing Marjorie for years . Marjorie became jealous , and decided to remind Bernice of her promise to bob her hair , while the two of them were on a picnic with Marjorie 's group of friends . Instead of backing out , like Marjorie expected her to , Bernice announced she would bob her hair , and they all piled into their cars and took off for the barber shop at the breakneck speed of 10 miles per hour . Even when the barber told her he had never cut women 's hair , Bernice did n't back down . So , the barber bobbed Bernice 's hair , but the results were n't quit what Bernice had imagined . In conclusion , this was a decent movie that tells a lot about teenagers , and has some funny scenes and lines , and a hilarious ending . I 'd recommend watching it as an entertaining and educational experience .
 I 'm a high school English teacher and purchased the video to show my students after reading the short story `` Bernice Bobs Her Hair '' . The video was a little boring , mostly because it 's so dated . However , it really helped my students to visualize the story . It sticks to the written version wonderfully , and the characters fit Fitzgerald 's descriptions very well .
 One of the most entertaining adaptations I know . The script is excellent , the performances perfect , the whole less-than-an-hour story is involving and funny and sad and subtle . After enjoying it for years and then watching it with my eight-year-old son whom I did n't expect to respond to such muted teenage romantic tensions , I was surprised that even he `` got it '' and laughed because the actors played their roles so effectively.But it 's also one of the most poorly produced pieces , technically , that I know . Student-grade filming . I assume it 's shot on 16mm film . The audio is muffled . It 's a shame that such good acting and interacting was not served with better production .
 This was a good school movie . I must say that it is not the best one that I have ever seen , considering I work in a video store and see most of the movies that come out . It tells alot about the peer pressure that we face as teenagers . You have to be outgoing in this day and age to even be noticed . Not that I mind , even if you did n't have to be I probably would . You are always having to impress people . The way Bernice gets noticed is asking people if she should bob her hair . It went too far when her cousin Margorie pushes her to actually do it . Margorie is a shallow person that needs people to pay her attention constantly and when Bernice , the kind one , starts getting too much attention , Margorie gets jealous . Therefore Margorie gets her attention back by pushing Bernice to bob her hair on the spur of the moment . Bernice got revenge in the end though and it serves the shallow one , Margorie , right . It is just like America in general . It was a good movie and I will tell others about it .
 This is by far the best movie I have ever seen . I decided the first time I saw it on PBS that it was a great reflection of Fitzgerald 's style . The surprise ending is wonderful ! I would recommend this to anyone who has ever enjoyed this author 's works .
 In the movie `` Bernice Bobs Her Hair '' starts out some where on the east coast at a party . Bernice is visiting her cousin they are at a party with her . Bernice is from Eau Claire , Wisconsin , so New York life is a far cry from home . This movie is about American life and how people will do anything , to fit in . It shows how cruel people will be if they are not accepted . This movie shows Margorie 's effort to fit in and to be accepted . It all starts out in the bathroom where Bernice 's cousin -LRB- Margorie -RRB- is talking about Bernice . When Bernice walks in they grow quite , about what they were talking about and start up a new subject . Bernice is not very social and is having trouble fitting in . She wants to go home and leave , when Margorie is talking to her mother about how Bernice is ruining her summer . Instead she stays home and does n't do anything for a while . Then one night Margorie and her were talking about what she over heard that night . Margorie decides to help her and teach her to be social . So they spend lots of time to prepare her for the next party . She learns new phrases and how to start a conversation . She is taught to dance and to be more like Margorie . The party comes up and at first Bernice is very shy and does n't say anything . Her cousin then steps up and says you better not of been wasting my time . When Margorie looks hard at Bernice to start talking . She then turns to a guy and makes the bold statement asking him if she should bob her hair . The conversation goes on for a while , until Margorie brings the conversation out to the whole table . This is where she says she is going to bob her hair . All of this is for social acceptance and fitting in . She wants attention and to impress her cousin . When she did get everyone 's attention . Everyone wanted to dance with her and there was talk the whole night . She finally started to feel like part of the crowd . She really did n't want to bob her hair , and she probably would n't have if Margorie would n't of brought it up . This is where she goes to the barbershop and has her hair bobbed . Everyone is around watching as she turns herself into a social vampire . Then everyone says it looks good and they all leave . They could n't believe that she actually did it . She then asks who will drive her home and this man says he will . Before , that though nobody wanted anything to do with her . The next night when everyone is sleeping she goes into Margorie 's room and cuts off her hair . She then leaves and is walking down the road where she throws Margorie 's hair into Warren 's car . The story ends here leaving us all in suspense . I think that the author F. Scott Fitzgerald wants us to use our imagination to conclude Margorie 's reaction . I did n't like the ending , but it really made me think and imagine her reaction . The characters revel how America in large acts and treats others . It shows the troubles and stupidity that people show and do . America is messed up , we try so hard and will do almost anything to save face and be accepted . Most do n't want to be a social loser , so like in Margorie 's case she bobbed her hair . She really did n't want to , but she let her cousin talk her into it . She did n't want to be called a liar or a chicken , so she just did it and when everyone was asleep she went to get revenge on Margorie by cutting her hair too . So this shows what happens in America 's everyday life when people ca n't face the fact and admit that they do n't want to do something . When they do it to save their pride , they want to get revenge on someone . It also shows us about relationships . When you have something taken away from you , you always feel like they are stealing from you . Just like when Margorie got jealous of Bernice when Warren was more into Bernice and not her . So the purpose of this movie and story is that we can be related to this story , by our actions . Americans will do anything to fit in and be accepted . We should n't have to strive and do anything to fit in . We should just be ourselves and not someone that will be someone socially accepted by others when they are not themselves .
 Wow , what a movie . We watched this movie in english class . I laughed throughout the whole thing . The part of Bernice was played very well . I thought she fit the part . She was ditzy and ugly . I thought the part of marjorie was played well . She was pretty , self-centered , and very popular . She lured Bernice into a trap , but Bernice was not smart enough to realize it and she did not back out of bobbing her hair . In the end I thought it was funny how Marjorie 's mom was all mad at Bernice.The end has a nice little twist.GREAT SHOW ! -LSB- . -RSB- HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ! ...
 This film can not in any way be summarized without destroying all possible pleasure in the spectator or viewer . It is a film that is full of various keys and enigmas , each one about what follows or what precedes , anaphora and cataphora melting into catatonia.Let 's say that Coppola deals here with the eternal theme of the relation between the father and the son but he multiplies the relation like with a mirror and ends up with the impossibility to know who the father is and who the son is , who the fathers are and who their sons are.He then multiplies the rivalries and desires of all type , sexual , emotional , professional or whatever among and around these men . We do n't know who made who and who is made by whom , and when these binary relations turn ternary , the trios are absolutely undecipherable . The father makes the son and the son makes the father , for sure , but in what order and in what direction.This brings us to a far more interesting aspect of the film . The creative act itself , the act of procreation sublimated into a work of literature or drama , into writing , front side back and back side front and maybe some other possibilities too . Then this act is at once surrounded by the ambition , the jealousy and the greed of all those who could in a way or another put their grubby hands onto the work of art and especially the royalties that could be generated by success . And we come to the idea that it takes far more than one father to produce a work of art and the work of art is the son of far more than one father . And anyway this work of art is nothing but a lie and a confused disguise for the real reality that the main concerned people do not want to let out.Better keep a ghost in your cupboard than face the people who produced that ghost with their selfish insignificance . If you like strongly emotional films that do not fall into sentimentalese verbiage and if you do not like too much gore in your tragic films , that 's the film you must not miss . So go out and watch it anywhere you can.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
 Francis For Coppola has created a major cinematic miracle in his TETRO . The film is hauntingly beautiful to see , to hear , and to challenge the minds of the viewers . This is what great cinema is all about - taking the risks of storytelling to the impossible extremes available to only the great writer/directors such as Federico Fellini , Alain Resnais , Alexander Sokurov , Franois Truffaut , Jean Renoir , Akira Kurosawa , Ingmar Bergman , and Luis Bu & ntilde ; uel . Heady company , this , but Coppola rises to the occasion with this multilayered exploration of family secrets and the dissection of the concept of ` genius ' - all in the quiet guise of autobiographical references that make this work more than simply one of his many successful films . He has the grace to select artists of his own caliber to assist him
 Wonderful film making , beautiful film techniques , glorious use of light and shadow , actors that are natural . . and a story that turns and bends around in your mindin a way that only real life can do ... One reviewer talks about Francis Ford Coppola and his age , his past , who his mentors were and blah , blah , blah , I watched this film -LRB- a rental -RRB- and will now buy the movie on Amazon . . because it is a classic . . I am a movie fan first and a reviewer second . . I recommend this film highly and if i could i would give it 10 stars ... I say bravo Mr. Coppola and thank you . . for such a thoughtful masterpiece ...
 For many years , director Francis Ford Coppola has been threatening a return to what he calls `` personal film making , '' a style of film he has n't worked in since 1974 's The Conversation . At long last , Coppola returns to personal cinema with Tetro , an intriguing examination of the relationship between fathers and sons.Shot in stunning black-and-white , Tetro centers around a young man named Benny -LRB- Alden Ehrenreich -RRB- , who has arrived in Buenos Aires , Argentina , in search of his older brother , Angelo -LRB- Vincent Gallo -RRB- . Angelo left the family some years prior and now goes by the name `` Tetro , '' taken from the clan 's surname . Benny and Angelo 's meeting prompts an exhumation of family secrets which leads both brothers to re-evaluate their identities . Looming over the proceedings is their father , a world-famous conductor , whose ego , success and fame has had a disastrous impact on his sons.Though sometimes indulgent , there is much to admire about Tetro . It is no secret that Coppola is a once-great director who went on to make a string of weak films in the 1990 's that overshadowed the seminal films he directed in the 1970 's . He could have quite easily continued his retirement from film making and focused on his vineyard and other business ventures , but Coppola remained true to himself as an artist and decided to begin making the personal films that he wants to make . Because of this , Tetro is made without any commercial considerations -- it quite literally is Coppola 's vision . As a result , it is one of the most unique films I 've seen in quite some time.Influenced strongly by The Red Shoes -LRB- which makes an appearance as a film within the film during a brief flashback sequence -RRB- , Coppola uses surreal dance and opera sequences to underscore the emotions of the film . This , coupled with the vivid color flashback sequences , gives Tetro a dream-like quality that is both compelling and unsettling at the same time.The Blu-Ray transfer is stunning and clear , though since the movie appears to have been shot in HD rather than film , it does look a bit too clean for my tastes . I very much miss film grain , which would have added texture to the presentation . The feaurettes provide a lot of background information on the film , but I was less than impressed by the commentary track , which I did n't find very informative as the featurettes.Overall , Tetro is an exciting return from one of the world 's greatest living filmmakers and well worth the time of any fan of Francis Ford Coppola , or independent film . The film may not always be perfect , but it 's always interesting and engaging .
 This film blew me away as few films have . I can think of the first time I saw The Blue Angel or How Green was My Valley or Raise the Red Lanterns . I was just left speechless .
 I was totally surprised to find this gem while browsing the dull repetitive selection at my local Blockbuster . I 've pretty much stopped renting movies because of the disappointing crap that passes for art in recent years but Tetro is unlike anything I 've seen for a very long time . Beautifully filmed , the black & white format is reminiscent of Coppola 's Rumble Fish and the original score wraps its arms around you & carries you away to the neighborhoods of Buenos Aires . Casting is quirky but perfection , loved the new or little known cast . Tetro will definitely be added to my collection of must have blue rays . Long live Coppola !
 Francis Ford Coppola has always been one of my favorite directors , being that he created such classics as the Godfather trilogy , Apocalypse Now , and Bram Stoker 's Dracula . Despite being a fan of Coppola , I found myself slightly disappointed with this movie . The story is well written and compelling , yet it is a bit boring . The acting in the movie is good , as well as the visual aspects of the film . The story centers around two estranged brothers and their reuniting . The reunion is n't at all what one of the brothers expects , as his brother has fallen off the deep end due to a tragedy in his past . Coppola has made an intriguing set of characters , though I found myself not really caring about them . On the DVD cover , there is a quote calling `` Tetro '' `` Coppola 's best movie since ` Apocalypse Now ' . '' NOT TRUE . His best since `` Apocalypse Now '' is definitely `` Bram Stoker 's Dracula '' . It just seems to me that Coppola has become a little burned out and his films are n't near what they used to be . However , `` Tetro '' is worth a watch at least . It 's about the same quality production as `` Youth Without Youth '' , my least favorite Coppola movie . Recommended for Coppola fans , and as for others , this movie probably wo n't win Coppola any new fans . 3.5 stars .
 Beautiful cinematography and a heartfelt story . An underrated gem that 's absolutely gorgeous on Blu Ray . Certainly one of Coppola 's better modern works .
 Intense drama about brothers?Yeah , you thought so.Younger brother seeks out older brother.Older brother has issues.You find out why as the story unfolds.cinematically rewardingvery creative , meaning the plays / moviesThe characters are very likeable except for the main actor ... . very short 2 hrs ...
 The cast was great , performances were on point , I liked the storyline , and the film was shot very well in general-the b & w was appealing and appropriate for this film . 4outta5 !
 Once again , Coppola demonstrates why he is one of the top masters of the cinema . Deep and poignant human drama placed in Buenos Aires , deals with a terrible secret , a real barrier between Tetro and the rest of his family and his brother Bonnie who visits him.Tetro -LRB- Vincent Gallo -RRB- carries a miserable and messy existence . He lives almost isolated from the rest of the world and keeps a brutal secret inside him . His father is a renowned Orchestra conductor -LRB- Klaus Maria Bandauer -RRB- hailed by the great audiences but who has an anormal behavior as human being.In this tragic environment , thorugh magnificent flash-backs and arresting photograph in glorious black and white the viewer will be picking up the broken pieces of a no sense life.At the meantime , Coppola shows us his unerring love for the Opera and employs it as a crude metaphor about what 's going up in the real world of these beings , who stand aloof ignored and overlooked.Bonnie will become the dirving force who will set in motion an unfinished project and will cause a true twist of fate in Tetro , which eventually will lead us to an unexpected finale.Excelent cast and original script . I still wonder this film was so neglected around the world ; an unpleasant surprise but also a gratifying reward for us.One of the best films of the year .
 The Master does it again . Tetro is a very good film and should be required viewing for all novice film makers who need an example of how to tell a story . Opinions have varied on this film but do n't let any negative comments stop you from watching it . I enjoyed every moment of this film and had not been surprised by an ending such as this since The Usual Suspects . It was refreshing to be fooled by the ending for a change and in a world where everything is so predictable . The film was shot beautifully and the viewer finds themselves interested in the players and mesmerized by the environment . This is a film for those who truly love cinema . Bravo Mr. Coppola and thank you for sharing your vision with us all once again . Five Stars !
 Coppola 's Tetro has an immediate connection to cinema and its history . You recognize all the influences as you are watching the celebration and awe of cinema , the black , grey and white shadings , the richness of colour , the intensity of the sets and the glory of dance and music . Coppola sets the tone from beginning to the end and reminds us the inspiration of art . The subject matter and character development are secondary to the visual wonder and magic ! Tetro is a unique masterpiece that reminds us of other masterpieces and wonderful directors that influenced this oeuvre .
 By anyone 's estimation , it 's a long time since Francis Ford Coppola was a force to be reckoned with in the film world . Regardless of the quality of later works , Apocalypse Now , The Godfather and The Godfather Pt . II are , at the very least , likely to remain important landmarks in American filmmaking . Coppola 's first original screenplay since The Conversation , Tetro however proves to be a very personal commentary by the director on family , on influences and on the impulses that drive the artist to create , and represents a welcome return to form.Filmed in Argentina , in beautifully luminous digital black-and-white ` scope photography , the story deals with seventeen year-old Bennie Tetrocini -LRB- Alden Ehrenreich -RRB- , who has run away from a troubled family background , working on a cruise ship that has taken him to Buenos Aires where he hopes to meet and restart a relationship with his estranged elder brother Angelo -LRB- Vincent Gallo -RRB- . Bennie has always looked up to his brother , but finding him in the bohemian La Boca district of the city , known now only as Tetro , he 's disappointed not only that his brother does n't want to have anything to do with Bennie or their family , but he has also given up his ambitions to be a writer . For Bennie , the stay in Buenos Aires proves nonetheless to be an eye-opening experience that sets him off on an exciting personal growth experience , opening up a number of potential new creative paths for the young man to follow , one of which he hopes will create a new bond with his brother.The film itself serves similarly as a commentary on the primary influences that would drive Coppola himself to be a film director - family , music , theatre , the films of Powell & Pressberger - while also opening up potential new directions , even at this stage in his career . Even those aforementioned flawed later films of Coppola - Rumble Fish , One From The Heart - can be reevaluated here in the light of those influences and seen for the more personal elements and ambitions that the director was aiming for in their sense of heightened reality bordering on fantasy , but that arguably they perhaps never quite reached . Tetro could be seen as having the same failings , the film over-ambitiously taking its storyline and its characters to extreme lengths that border on melodrama and fantasy , but within this lies the heart of Francis Ford Coppola . Tetro demonstrates all the qualities that are uniquely Coppola , and it 's an impressive reminder that he remains one of the most important and innovative filmmakers in America today .
 The writing , acting , cinematography and plot treatment in Season 2 are as solid as they were in Season 1 if not better . The writing remains creative even though at times a tad preachy , but thanks to stellar performances from an outstanding cast , you wo n't even notice the occasional feminism-thumbing dialogues.I was especially impressed with how well this season handled socially sensitive issues like infidelity , marital reconciliation , miscarriage , coming out , sexual inertia , gay parenthood , dismissive partners , and damaged parent/offspring relationships without exaggeration or simplification . I was also glad to see that sex scenes remained artsy , tasteful and without grave exploitation a la Queer as Folk.It also bears to mention that the soundtrack is very interesting and eclectic.Even though the show is about a group of gay women living in Los Angeles and their lives and entanglements , it addresses universal topics to which we all could relate . The lines of gender , sexuality and time period are very blurred into realism enough to make this show relative for men and women , gay or straight , 100 years down the road.Highly recommended .
 I love this show ! It has all the cheese and melodrama of a soap , but with interesting social commentary and a great soundtrack .
 The L Word was back for a Second Season On Showtimes Lineup , which I was very glad because every episode in the 1st season was so great and i have watched them so many times on The DVD set . Now finally The 2nd Season is released and i cant wait to see all the Season 2 episodes over agian . The 2nd Season had great plots , a new girl , and other great events during the season.If you have never seen the show it is excellent if you are gay or straight , the series is an excellent drama.Pre order your copy today you will not regret it i know i am not ! By The way The new season on SHOWTIME is really great Too . Showtime you have done it agian , First Queer as Folk which is now sadly ending , and Now The L Word , Good For you Showtime You know Groundbreaking Original Series !
 Fun episode with several heartwarming story arcs . There is a 2-3 minute weird Jenny dream sequence which can be easily fast-forwarded through . Actually , it would be great if someone did a re-edit where all the Jenny dream sequences are edited out of the show . I 'm pretty sure the show would be better as a result.Worth a watch !
 I absolutely love this show ! I think it speaks to women in a lot of different ways ! I truly love to sit down and just watch these shows back to back ! Excellent choice !
 I love this season !!! Tina is pregnant and tries to reconcile with Bette . It 's so intense !!!
 This is a great show . I am hooked . I am so glad I got this so I could catch up on all the previous season shows . I highly recommend this show to everyone I know !
 Showtime , who produced the long running , honest series Queer as Folk , continues to break new ground in the GLBT world with the amazing series , The L Word . Focusing on a group of women friends living in LA , this show is not about being lesbian , rather it as about life , love , and relationships that span the sexual spectrum.It 's difficult to build on the success of the first season , and season 2 for the most part starts out slowly . Tina has retained a high power attorney and is suing for support , while hiding her pregnancy from Bette . Bette is spiraling deeper into her own private hell . Jenny moves in with Shane and Shane meets a new girl , Carmen , who quickly impacts both their lives . Dana is still with the overbearing Tanya , but has trouble resisting her attraction to a lovestruck Alice . Kit seems to be the only one doing well , as she is able to purchase the Planet . As the season progresses , things get darker . More about Jenny 's traumatic past is being revealed through flashbacks , Bette is forced to watch Tina with another woman , who coincedently is the woman who rejected her grant , causing her problems at the CAC . Ollie , Kit and Bette 's father , is dying . Shane attempts to fight her unexpected love for Carmen , who is dating Jenny . What brings some light to this darker season is the interplay between Dana and Alice . They are sweet , sexy , and just so damn adorable together.The usual panapoly of celebrity guest stars appear , including a fabulous Camryn Mannheim . Others incluide Sandra Bernhard , Kelly Lynch , Melissa Rivers , and Arianna Huffington . Overall , this season is solid . It sets up for an interesting third season , and the addition of Carmen is like a breath of fresh air . This season may have been darker , but then again , so is life , which is why this show feels so real .
 I love this series and I think it 's portrayal of love and life in this group of friends is more in depth than any show to date . That being sad I think most of the reviewers who saw this show were put off by the lesbian love scenes but I 'd have to say the love scenes are tasteful and this show is n't for children or anyone who is uncomfortable when watching soft core sex scenes .
 The item was in great shape when it arrived , and was shipped in a timely manner . I would buy from this seller again .
 I had heard about the L Word but had never seen an episode until I switched cable providers . After watching 3 or 4 episodes I realized that this is not just some show about Lesbians but was in fact a very well written & acted show about relationships -LRB- in this case obviously between lesbians -RRB- . The show is very well done with drama , humor and suspense . I liked what I saw so much that I sent for the first five seasons and ca n't wait until the 6th season comes out from Amazon .
 The L word complete second season was very good . I enjoyed watching it . All of the characters are very talented.The only story line I did n't like was Jenny 's . Her story line is so boring and kinda on the crazy side . Dana , and Bette , are the most enthusiastic actor 's that makes this show a success , they are the ones who give it that extra boost .
 This is absolutely the funniest , sexiest and most intriguing season of the L Word Series ... Its the season when Sole Mates Alice n ' Dana build a relationship , Carmen and Shane have sexy love affairs then finally discover they belong together , Bette n Tina divorce , then reconcile , then start their family with baby Angelica , Jenny faces her fears and begins to find her voice , Kit gets the greatest gift-a new beginning and the main reason why I love this season is because its the last few performances of Ossie Davis ! But I must say Season 4 was breathless I now own all seasons ! Ca n't wait til Season 6 sad thats its coming to an end . I am however writing a screen play for a Black Lesbian Drama series ... maybe you all will writie a review for that . . 1love
 At first , this series makes you -LRB- or most people , anyway ? -RRB- feel a little like Alice in Wonderland . Everything that 's in the `` regular '' world is transplanted into the realm of the lesbian lifestyle . We have
 The writers went in weird directions this season ... The whole room mate video taping them and becoming obsessed with Shane . I did n't like Helena during this season but had grown to like her later on . I do n't like the fact that they barely mention Marina but the L word is known to do that -LRB- IE Papi -RRB-
 Such an improvement from season one . I just love having the l word on dvd ... * pausing * ... and * rewind * ... then pause again ; -RRB-
 If you 're an L Word follower , then this addition to your collection will be a plus .
 Season One was awesome and amazingly , Season Two was just as good -LRB- which is not an easy feat ! -RRB- Bette showed us she was human , Al and Dana were hilarious and Shane and Carmen melted the screen whenever they were together ... The only slightly annoying parts were anything related to Jenny 's writing scenes and Tina -LRB- did she go crazy ? -RRB- . By the way , Erin Daniels , Leisha and Kate M seem like hilarious people - I loved their commentary on one of the episodes!So ... when is season 3 coming out ?
 JUST WAN NA SAY THAT I AM LIKE OBESSED WITH THIS SHOW , I THINK IT IS JUST SOOO GREAT.JENNIFER BEALS , LAUREL HOLLOMAN , LEISHA HAILEY , ERIN DANIELS , KATHERINE MOENNIG , MIA KIRSHNER , AND NEW COMERS SARAH AND RACHEL ALL DO A GREAT JOB WITH THEIR CHARACTERS.THEY DESERVE EMMYS ESP . JENNIFER AND LAUREL !! I HOPE THIS SHOW KEEPS GOING FOREVER ! IT IS JUST THE GREATEST AND I WILL KEEP WATCHING TIL ITS GONE
 I love the L Word and would recommend this to anyone but the bonus material may not be worth the purchase . The best part of the DVD is to listen to the commentary on the 3rd disc . Kate -LRB- Shane -RRB- Liesha -LRB- Alice -RRB- and Erin -LRB- Dana -RRB- are freakin funny . If you have a DVD recorder save your money because like I say the extra 's are not worth the $ 45 that it 's going for now . I only am giving it 4 stars because the girls are hot .
 Ca n't jump in with a review of this ground-breaking series without first pointing out that Amazon Editorial Reviewer Ryan Boudinot needs to get fired . Tina and Bette do n't share a father , or else they would n't be lovers , you careless moron . Also , `` to Tivo '' is not a verb -LRB- I Tivo , he Tivoes -RRB- , and your remark about men who want to fast forward to the lesbian sex scenes is offensive to just about everyone . Do n't you have a boss who is paying attention?The show is terrific . When is season 3 available ?
 You do not have to be `` L '' to love this show ! It is addictive . The acting is perfect , and the writers do a great job . I am hooked . I ca n't wait until season 4 .
 Another great deal from Amazon !! Ca n't wait for the 3rd season ! When it 's out Amazon will be the 1st place that I go to get it !
 After watching season 1 , i had to get season 2 however i didnt have region 1 player . So i went and brought a multi region player , just to watch season 2 . I have to say im addicted and cant wait for season 3 . sad as it is i stayed in all weekend to watch it . Keep em coming !!!!!
 I loved this the second season of this groundbreaking show ... I found myself laughing , crying and gasping with shock all in the same episode !! The only slightly negative aspect of this 4-DVD set is that the special features are pretty short ... I would love to have seen a gag reel , some behind-the-scenes stuff and longer interviews with the cast -LRB- especially Jennifer Beals !! -RRB- However , the L-word Balderdash feature is hilarious !! Overall , great value for money !
 I think I ordered this DVD set in 1987 . I was glad to finally receive it and it was a lot of fun to watch , definitely worth the price you pay and you got ta ' love Amazon 's super quick delivery.The 2nd season did n't seem as funny as the 1st to me , more dramatic , things kept on hitting the fan for the main stars . The acting is impressive , and that 's an understatement . I do n't know this Betty band that people keep talking about , the music was so-so . But hearing echo 's of people 's names in scenes was different and a bit distracting , as was the volume of music , which makes you miss a couple of lines here and there.Also , you ca n't count the F-bombs in this season - it shot up above the cool meter and went in to the `` I ca n't think of a good adjective here , so I 'll swear '' section . I was also surprised about the number of times actors slammed their laptops down . How many screens were sacrificed in the making of this show?To sum up
 I became interested in this genre back when I saw the movie `` High Art '' . Since then I have also enjoyed `` Fun '' and `` The Incredibly True Adventures of Two Girls in Love '' . The lesbian theme and especially lesbian love stories are quite compelling , which is probably why I enjoy this series so much . While the girls are pretty and the stories very sexy , I must say that there is some virtue in quantity over quality , and that is much in abundance here . Very worthwhile as a collection .
 Found the DVD 's to be in excellent condition upon arrival . Content of DVD 's very enjoyable and interesting . Charactors are complex and intelligent . Looking forward to Season 3 .
 It lets people who do not live in the gay and lesbian world have an insight on what we go thru . See all they see is two people wanting to be with the same sex . but these series show that we are human to . I give this two thumbs way up .
 I loved Season 1 to pieces ... until Season 2 began . Season 2 really gets to the core of who these characters on the screen really are . The story lines improve , and the writing is better . The actors are more comfortable with their characters , and the overall change is just so much easier to watch.The true highlight of Season 2 ? They cut way back on Jenny 's flashbacks throughout the season until they are FINALLY eliminated . I ca n't tell you how happy I am that they finally got the picture !
 Is this show interesting to watch ? For sure . Is it entertaining ? Yes . Is the season too short ? Absolutely . I was only disappointed that there were n't more episodes for this 2nd season . I think 20 episodes would be more appropriate . However , this shows how addicting this show can be to watch . It is definitely on the same high entertainment level as : NiptuckSex in the CityI think the producers would make more money on this show if they filmed more episodes . Believe me people would buy and watch more episodes of this per season.The characters were interesting to watch . The whole thing with the new film maker -LRB- One of Jenny 's roommates -RRB- was a good story plot.I think Jenny comes off like a literary snob . Then again I think her bad childhood might have something to do with this according to the story.Bette should get less stressed and try to be more sensitive to Tina 's needs . I was also surprised at Tina 's sexual escapades in season 2 . Oh well , this is why The L Word continues to be entertaining . L-word is definitely a must-see .
 Having watched the first season of The L Word , I must say that this second season definitely did not disappoint . It was a great follow up to the 1st season , with adequate character development , good storylines and just enough new faces.The stories may revolve around lesbian women , but the situations are true of any person living in today 's world.On a personal note , I think Shane 's character struck a chord with me because I too was a bit of a commitment-phobe . When I finally let myself be vulnerable , I realised what a wonderful thing love can be . PLus , she 's hot !
 At last , a show that is about lesbians for lesbians . The show is well written , well acted , and the best production values . I can not reccomend this show enough . Absolutely love it .
 Even if you 've already seen it on TV , it is so much fun to watch over and over again . The stories will suck you in soap-opera style , so do n't expect to strecth these eps over a long amount of time!Jennifer Beals ' acting steals the show ; she conveys her feelings without saying a word , she 'll break your heart in every episode . Amazingly , everyone else lives up to the surprisingly high bar that she sets.High Points : - All-star guest stars
 The worst TV theme song I 've ever experienced was from K9 & Company , an early-80s spin-off from the British science fiction series Doctor Who that never made it past its pilot episode.The second worst TV theme song I 've ever experienced is from The L Word Season 2 , by a band called Betty.But while the K9 & Company theme and title sequence is so horrible that it 's roll-on-the-floor funny -LRB- it can be found on the web , if you want a good laugh -RRB- , the L Word theme makes me want to wretch with disgust . It 's truly embarrassing to behold . As are the tacky graphics , full of the cheap-looking video effects you might expect to see on any High School TV class production from the early/mid 1990s . Fortunately , watching on DVD , one can easily skip over the title sequence . Unfortunately , Betty have also done a lot of the music for the episodes themselves , as well as making some stomach-churning live appearances in the show . So , they 're hard to avoid . Although , in one nightclub sequence early in the season , it is kind of unintentionally funny watching a bunch of actors bopping around pretending to groove to the Betty beat . But it does kinda ruin what was supposed to be the dramatic climax of the episode.I still like this show a lot . It 's still one of the best-written , most intelligent and engaging series out there right now , not to mention all the hot lesbian love scenes . And I 'm enjoying Season 2 as much or maybe more than Season 1 . But I hope Betty disappear in Season 3 .
 I wish televison whether the mainstream or basic cable was n't so bland and boring . The -LRB- major -RRB- tv/cable networks need to liven things up a bit . I find shows like `` The L Word '' much more interesting than what that aging dinosaur called `` ER '' . Unfortunately I do n't have the money to afford the premium cable shows so I have to wait for `` The L Word '' to come out on dvd . I loved the first season . It was so refreshing from the bland and boring garbage on regular tv/cable . I just finished watching season two of `` The L Word '' . Despite that misfire of a theme song which I think is absolutely hideous , I enjoyed season two as much as the first season . However season two is n't without its flaws . I did not enjoy the plot with Shane and Jenny 's new roommate Mark . Another flaw ... too much Toxic Tonya . Hideously annoying character . I did though love the tumultuous storyline between Tina and Bette . I wish though Tina was a bit more assertive . Carmen and Shane were absolutely hot . Tons of chemistry there . I also dug the character development in Jenny who actually did not annoy the heck out of me through out season two.I am so looking forward to seeing season three on dvd . I hope there will be some decent bonus footage unlike on the first two seasons .
 I watched the first DVD all at once in one night , I could not stop , the characters are so realistic and the stories so touching , I would love to see it running in countries like Italy in order to propagate the concept of tolerance .
 I do n't watch a lot of TV , but I 've really enjoyed watching Season 2 of the L Word . -LRB- I never saw Season 1 ... it was n't available online when I started watching . -RRB- It was fairly easy to jump into the show not knowing the back story or all the characters . It took me a few episodes before I could keep Bette and Dana straight -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- because they sort of look alike to me , but now they look distinctly different to me.I feel obligated to share that I am not a lesbian , but still really enjoy the show . It has some gratuitous sex scenes , but nothing I 'm uncomfortable with It 's definitely a `` Mature Audiences '' rating . I enjoy the show because it deals with relationships and lifes from a female perspective ; not just a lesbian perspective , and it 's so rare to come across a show or movie that is purely for women . I 'm excited to watch the rest of the seasons . You do n't have to be gay to like the show as some of the reviews make it seem .
 Another great season . I really need to re-watch this because it is has been to long I ca n't write a proper review .
 This show is amazing !!! The stories are all great and I love how they all tie into one another . Everyone can relate to at least one character in this show ! I love the girls , and the way they love and hate each other ! It is definitely worth the time to watch especially if you liked the first season or even if you didnt see the first season !
 Now when I get bore on the weekend ... I can watch all the season ... I 'm waiting on season 5 to complete my my L Word world . This is a new timer . . soo I 'm still learning . I love That Jenny ... I can understand Y she snaped
 The BF loved it ! Great spur of the moment gift for a great price compared to the usual $ 35 for a season set .
 I watched the first episode of season 1 and was hooked . After episode 1 season 1 I ordered the remaing seasons and was not disappointed . This show had me hooked and my only real complaint I can make without giving anything away is that there are n't anymore episodes to watch . I was quite surprised especialy since the L word is n't the `` usual '' type of show I would watch .
 Finally a story line that the other half of the world can relate to . Very enjoyable , ca n't get enough of the story .
 My purchase arrived earlier than expected which surprised me a lot ! I live in American Samoa , so it usually takes a long time to get stuff shipped here . Kudos !! I purchased the item for a friend , who absolutely loves the show and wanted a collection . She was also extremely happy with the shipping time as well . Item arrived in good condition .
 I love this season of the L Word and can not wait to get the next seasonIt arrived very quickly in the mail , before the due date of arrival ! It was safe and sound in it 's box and I was very pleased with it .
 The beauty of this show is that it is so in line with the modern world . As humans get closer to cloning we get further from the need to put up with men . No more bald heads snoring beside us . No more Bushes dreaming of emasculating the Middle East . Apart from our plumbing and custodial needs , men are more or less superfluous . This is something that Michel Houellebecq understands -LRB- see `` The Elementary Particles '' -RRB- . And so does Russell David Harper . His novel/memoir `` Bald '' is narrated by a man who meditates wisely on his predicament . At one point he even fantasizes about becoming a woman -- clearly the only way to live in the modern world . But in the end he can not
 Yet another season of awesome women leading some very interesting and humorous lives . The second season is going to hook you in so hard that you will need The L word all day and all night .
 I enjoyed this season much more thoroughly than the first . Its alot more darker , dramatic , touching and yet , at the same time alot more humourous.Shame the box is so large for 4DVDs only . What happened to the slimline boxsets ?
 I purcahsed Season 1 of The L Word on a whim after passing it in a store one day , and recalling both the controversy and glowing reviews surrounding it when it was first screened on television . As a straight young woman of 19 who has had very little contact with homosexual people throughout her life , I found it to be a lovely surprise - a refreshing combination of great acting from a well-rounded cast , characters that were sufficiently fleshed out in order for the viewer to grow to care about them , and clever writing . I found that I was able to relate to these characters and their trials and tribulations despite our differences in sexual orientation . Perhaps most importantly , Season 1 of The L Word contained the perfect amount of both humour and poignance - a quality that I love in all of my favourite TV shows.Having said that , it 's sad to say that I ca n't say the same about Season 2 . While I will most likely support and watch this show for however long it continues to be on air , Season 2 takes a strange turn . Many of the characters that I originally supported and in whom I invested my interest suddenly appear to be caricatures , resorted to being used simply for laughs -LRB- note
 Though season 2 is darker than the 1st season , I really liked it . Bette 's struggle to deal with the fact that she is no longer the `` big dog '' in her relationship , in fact realizing that she could have effectivitly ruined her relationship with Tina for good , made this season riveting.After being rejected by Cheri , Shane meets Carmen , a woman who refuses to put up with Shane 's heartbreaker additude . Shane and Carmen have fantastic chemistry and I never tire of seeing them on my TV screen!Alice and Dana struggles to deal with their feelings for each other gives the show some laughs and made me smile when they finally `` came out '' to each other and their friends as a couple.After Marina leaves -LRB- So so sad . Come back Karina ! -RRB- , Jenny starts to look at her life and her relationships with a more somber eye . Though I found Jenny 's `` dreamscapes '' tedious , I thought Jenny 's gradual breakdown was very well written and realistic.The second season of The L Word leaves you wanting more . I ca n't wait till the 3rd season comes out in October !
 Season 1 was definetely better . Season 2 , still fantastic . The biggest problem that I had with Season 2 was Jenny . She does not belong , she made the show depressing . Get rid of Jenny . Other than that great stories . Slightly funny . Beautiful people . And Shane is hot ! Love it and ca n't wait for Season 3 to start .
 i have an aunt who is gay , and this show truly gives a fun and clear picture of the trials and tribulations she goes thru living her lifestyle ; its a fun show to watch , i enjoy the openness of the production .
 this is the best season of this show ... I could watch this season over and over again
 Appeals to every imaginable demographic
 We 've come a long way since the divine Sylvia Sims and Dirk Bogarde shook up the entertainment world with the movie Victim - the first ever powerful challenge to the madness of the homosexuality laws.The fact that this series even exists is very reassuring , and on the whole , it has been exceptionally well done . I tend to think that Season One stuck in people 's minds more as it was still new and relatively groundbreaking , but Season Two is in no way inferior.While this is not a complaint , I have always found this to be a visually idealized lesbian group , as I live in a town with a major LGBT community , and I would say 80 % of the lesbians have short hair . Two of 'em are good plumbers , too . Still , lesbian actress Guinevere Turner -LRB- Go Fish , Chasing Amy , American Psycho , Preaching To The Perverted , Beyond Lovely -RRB- is classically feminine with ` big hair ' , so the girls are certainly out there.Nice job .
 Very good show if you do n't have a closed mind . For those that do n't like lesbian content do n't watch it .
 Great series ! I have loved every moment watching it & at the end of each season ... waiting anxiously for the new seasons release . It is the complex friendships & interconnected web of lives spun masterfully together . It is such a treat to have a series with finally predominantly lesbian characters . I really enjoy Kit , Bettes straight sister & owner of the planet . Lots of lesbians complain that it is n't really reflective of the lesbian community as a whole - in terms of the body beautiful femininity , but frankly I enjoy looking at this gorgeous cast . -LRB- sorry , not to PC I know -RRB- I would tell any collector that this is a must have addition to your home viewing experience .
 I 'm straight but i freaking love this show it 's so amazing ! great storyline and everything , and Shane makes a straight female wan na go gay that 's how hot she is . . i recommend the show but if you do n't like shows that have &#34; lots of sex &#34; then this show may not be for you , it does have quite a bit of sex in the show but it 's pretty good .
 I wish this was still on air . Me and my girl love this , there are actuality hot chicks . We like love Helena and Carmen they can come over anytime
 Not sure why they ever stopped filming these . Great Show !! Not just for lesbians , a good watch for all . Great story lines .
 A show you can watch over and over again . You 'll fall in love with the characters and will have to watch all of the seasons .
 Do n't be fooled by the theme of this show
 I have to admit , I started watching The L Word because I 'm a guy who was channel surfing and I saw lesbians . Of course , anyone who I tell about me liking the show immediately assumes that I watch it as pornography , and that 's sort of what I was looking at it as in the first place.But by the end of the first episode , I was hooked like no pornography could aspire to hook someone . The L Word is n't about lesbian sex . Does it contain some ? Yeah . Do I like seeing it ? Ca n't deny it . But the show is largely character and plot-driven , and if you try to watch it with only shallow feelings in your heart , you will be sorely disappointed . Every character is unique , with their own flaws , misgivings and uncertainties , and it really makes them all very watchable . There are shows that have some characters that , you know , they 're okay , but you find yourself wishing for them to get back to one of the more entertaining characters . Not so with The L Word . Every interaction and every character is presented in a very fresh and original way , so that you never feel like they 're reusing material and you 're always glued to the TV screen to find out what happens next.My greatest regret about moving out of my parents ' house is that I ca n't afford Showtime so that I can watch season 3 .
 This season delves more deeply into the lives of the L.A framily . Ca n't really put my finger on what I feel about this second season . It was more serious than the first , which in a way is a good thing -LRB- not all lesbians have fun ALL of the time lol -RRB- but also it kind of took something away . The spirit , the ` network ' if you will . The friends have kind of gone seperate ways -LRB- Shane and Jenny are practically best buds , which I LOVE by the way -RRB- Alice and Dana become lovers , Bette is on her own for the most part , which I 'm glad of , and Tina is with THE biggest div ever lol.I liked the season , loved it infact , but I was expecting more I think . Season 1 was so huge , so awesome , I was hoping that the same level of greatness would be carried through . I think this has n't been realised in season 2 . The success of the show may have clouded people 's judgement . It 's now being written ` trendily ' for trends sake , because they knew they got it down perfectly in season one , only then they were n't trying to impress . It was real then , natural . Now it seems somewhat ` performed ' for the audience , giving them what they want and trying to get the gay world right out there . Slighty tright and self apreciating.That makes me sound like I do n't like the show anymore , which is far from the truth . I do love it , I just think that the writers should be careful not to go overboard . It 's sink or swim now . Take it slow , built on relationships . At the end of the gay ... sorry , day -LRB- laughs -RRB- , it seems they are trying to sell tickets into the big gay club that is the world ; showing us the fashions , the trends , the life ... but not the people living it . Come down a peg or too , and they 'll be fine.P.S Shane and Jenny need to end up together , I 'm serious .
 Season 2 of The L Word has many , many high points and just a few low points.High Points ; 1 . The introduction of Carmen . My god this girl is hot ! 2 . The Shane/Carmen/Jenny triangle . I loved the whole storyline . Whenever Shane and Carmen were on screen together my tv melted . The chemistry is unrivaled in my opinion and add Jenny to the mix and you had the most gripping storyline of season two .3 . The incredible acting abilities of Jennifer Beals and Pam Grier . The Melvin death scenes were acted so well by these incredible actresses , My only real complaint about season two was the lack of group scenes which we were spoilt with in season one . Also the lack of screen time given to the characters of Shane and Carmen . The small time they were given they did so well , it 's just a pity that more time was n't afforded to that particular storyline . That 's the only reason I 'm giving it 4/5 instead of 5 . Go buy it , and enjoy the ride !
 No , season 2 is n't perfect . Many other reviewers have pointed out its flaws
 at the beginning of the year i started watching repeat episodes for season two of the l word . i never thought that i would get so hooked on the show , but i did . i saw the last six episodes and i could n't wait for season three to start . but i realized that i was n't up to speed , so i purchased season two the next day . i was so happy that i did . i watched all of season two in 3 days . i 'm really thrilled that there is a show that is n't afraid to talk about women 's issues . this show has touched me in a way that i never thought possible and it has also opened my eyes to certain topics that i could have cared less for . i gave this item 5 stars because it changed my whole perspective on life and the society that we live in just a matter of days . i 'm sure that it could do the same to someone else .
 The L-Word has received a deserved worldwide reputation for mainstreaming lesbian relationships . The series has artfully endowed our globalized community with poignant story lines , which resonate on issues familiar to both gay and straight people . I applaud the writers for avoiding linear social commentary , breaking the mold , and becoming the eloquent voice of Lesbians in America . I am appalled that the series was not nominated for an Emmy Award . I think it was entirely worthy ! I give the second season 4 stars instead of five because though brilliantly crafted , season two has a commercialistic flare I found mildly irritating . It seemed to slightly compromise the integrity of the production .
 When I first heard about the show I was thinking ... Les porn ... but I started watching the show and it 's actually funny , well written , well acted , and does address some of the issues faced in our society today from a lesbian perspective . If you do n't like lesbian content , do n't watch the show . If you 're a lesbian , a must see ! If you 're simply interested in changing your worldview a bit , this can give you some interesting insight to a culture you may not know very well . But be warned , there are risqu&eacute; moments in the show , very well done but be warned . And I would agree , this is definitely not a family show ... not for kids . Come on ... it 's showtime people ... you really think their target audience is children ... ?
 I love this show ! I love the characters ! The first season was great , but this season is even better . The only thing that I would change , is the pace , it could have moved just a bit faster , but it was still great though . What makes this season better than the last is how much we see of the characters , all of them are opened up for us to view . Theres even a few new characters that add even more spice to the drama . That is what I love about The L Word , the drama ! It truly reminds me of the crazy things that can happen to a group of friends when love and lust is mixed in with friendship - I love that ! I realy do reccomend anyone to buy this , it is n't only about lesbian issues , it goes beyond that .
 This show , eventhough it is a little above ordinary , is really great . I enjoy all the characters and some of episodes have really touched home . Every lesbian has been touched in some sort of way by this show , plus some `` straights '' , as well .
 This is a fun series to watch at home with your wife/gf . It 's kind of hokey but sort of fun . The characters grow on you and after watching a few episodes you find that you are cheering for them . So if you buy the DVD and have the right attitude -LRB- low expectations -RRB- you might enjoy it . Have fun !
 I love the show and the quality of the cd 's . It 's great ! My girlfriend loves the show as well.I 'll be buying more of these shows in the future !
 Some of the situations are so realistic you find yourself really feeling for the characters . You fall in love with certain characters and may learn to despise others . You get incredibly wrapped up in the show and can not wait to see more !
 I enjoy this show , it 's quite entertaining . Stories are good , actresses are good , just all around good tv , especially since I do n't pay for the premium channel it was on .
 I LOVE THIS SHOW . SAD IT ENDED BUT IT WAS WELL WORTH THE PURCHASE . HAS A GREAT STORY LINE BUT IT 'S NOT FOR CHILDREN !
 Thank u for the season of the l word I love this show I was amazed that the dvds looked as if someone never touched them . I so appreciate the great delivery time I ordered Saturday or Sunday and I got my mail on Friday .
 Do n't get me wrong , this is a great show . But Gloria Steinem describing the puritans as coming to this country to `` escape religious extremism '' was absurd . They did n't come here to `` escape '' religious extremists , they came here because they * were * religious extremists . They wanted a place where they could be extreme & practice their extreme puritanical vision , they were n't some enlightened crowd who were being persecuted by , say , puritans . I 'm shocked that the writers of this show actually wrote that little nugget of BS and even more shocked that Gloria Steinem agreed to say it .
 My partner and I love this show . Not only are the actors pleasant to look at but it deals with real relationship issues that come up in a same sex relationship . It is graphic , so if that bothers you do not purchase .
 As a lesbian , I find this show to be extremely hot but that 's definitely not the only reason why this show is good . It brings a lot of variety to the TV screen and it 's something that I had never experienced before watching it . I had an emotional connection with the characters since the first episode , but this season in particular is where most of the characters develop into who they truly are ; it 's them finding themselves . While there is still plenty of that to come in further seasons , season 2 is especially great because it 's no longer awkward and it 's a little more risky , so it gets more intense and exciting , but you 're still not too comfortable so your attention is still easily grasped . In my opinion , this is the best season of the entire series so enjoy it while it lasts . I 'm not saying the others are n't good , but everything we all love about any show is in season 2
 Enjoyed watchin on tv good story lines keep u griped to what 's happening next and has girl humour as well , enjoyed every season
 A brilliant Tv-Serie about lesbian women in West HollywoodDealing with real life problem and it 's difficulties .
 The second season is as good as season one , if not better ! Totally recommended .
 I religiously watch the L Word during the regular season ... LOVE IT , LOVE IT
 Love this show , havent missed a single episode . The second season stands out from the last one in that you feel more attempt by the directors to give you an insight to the characters and their internal struggles and flaws . You see new connections from the last season amongst different characters.One thing I love about the L word is its ability to show you a side of yourself . You can not help but watch the show and feel for what one or more of the characters is experiencing at one time or another.The show 's emphasis is not solely on the fact that these are lesbians but that they experience personal and relationship issues that you too might have experienced and how they overcome and fight through the struggle.I love the 2nd season , though , theres far too much emphasis on music . Every episode seems to leave this pume of music - though good - becomes overbearing . It just sounds like they we 're feeding fuel for their soundtrack fire . Which I believe they did . Too much Betty , Too much EZGirl . Besides filling the audience with concerts and musical artists , its a great show , and worth buying .
 Great season!I bought it because this is the cheapest I 've even seen it sold.thanks !
 The DVD set was in excellant condition , and there were no scratches or dirt on the product . Everything was sent in a timely manner and was in perfect condition ! Thanks !
 The only reason I got this was to originally see how Alice and Dana came to be a hot couple on the L Word . Not for some perverted reasons ! The Helena/Bette feud is almost enough to put on Celebrity Deathmatch . Erin Daniels and Leisha Hailey pull off incredible performances as the hottest couple in this season , only in this season . From ` Rules of Un-Attraction ' to the episode `` Loud and Proud '' , they are more than worth the final total.They kill off the relationship in the next season and they kill off Dana just when she 's recovering from Cancer . That was the worst mistake Elaine Chaiken ever made . Do n't even bother renting the next season or watching showtime . Just get this and that will be all you need for loving and living with the L Word .
 PLOT
 Stevie D is unforgettable ... hilarious . If you were a Molly in the eighties , then you still must be a Molly in the nineties , she 's once again just saying to you ` act your real self out ' ... and never forget it . Never forget it ... Her wedding dress making is poetry . That 's the way it should be ! Go molly !
 I love this movie . It 's so funny and warm . Stevie D is hilarious , and of course Alan Alda is stupendous . If it was available to purchase , I 'd own it !
 I 've always been a fan of Alan Alda 's work . This movie is one of his best . When he 's eating dinner with the mafia gang and the bodyguard starts to shoot , I laughed to bust a rib . Alan Alda sure has n't lost his touch .
 I Like Betsy 's Wedding It Was Funny Alan Alda Does A Wonderful Job Directing Writing Acting It Alan Alda Was So Funny In It.From Kirsten
 I saw it in the theater when it first came out . I only watched about a quarter of the movie though . I made out wiht my girlfriend the rest of the time , and we really got fresh . Anyway , I ca n't tell you anything about the movie except that Molly Ringwald is in it and I had a great time when I went to see it !
 Alan Alda outdoes himself in this 80 's comedy . It 's like we have a part of his hawkeye personallity back from MASH in this comedy . And the leading lady outdoes herself in a more adult persona than her earlier `` preety in pink '' `` the breakfast club '' and `` 16 candels '' .
 This got here quickly and in great condition . It is kind of slow , but funny and romantic . Lots of big names in this movie and creative clothing by Molly Ringwalds character .
 ITS A FUNNY MOVIE ALAN ALDA DID A WONDERFUL JOB ACTING WRITING DIRECTING IT I CAN WATCH IT 10 TIMES OR MORE AND NEVER GET BORED WATCHING IT.FROM A BIG ALAN ALDA FAN FOR 4 YEARS NOW KIRSTEN
 Bought it without ever seeing it . Found it in a back corner of a Dollar General . I loved this movie . Great ending . I want to marry Stevie D and make my own dress . What a find .
 In Alan Alda 's `` Betsy 's Wedding '' , he is Eddie Hopper , a construction foreman and architect . His daughter Betsy -LRB- Molly Ringwald -RRB- and her boyfriend Jake Lovell -LRB- Dylan Walsh -RRB- announce their engagement at a family gathering . Betsy 's sister Connie -LRB- Ally Sheedy -RRB- is happy herself but jealously upset because she ca n't find herself a man . The late Madeline Kahn is Lola , Eddie 's wife . At the gathering Lola 's sister Gloria Henner -LRB- Catherine O'Hara -RRB- tells her she plans to get even with her husband Oscar -LRB- Oscar winner Joe Pesci -RRB- for all his inept schemes . Gloria says `` Someday , when I have my nice little nestegg , I can take a walk and he can go f -- himself . '' Anthony LaPaglia is Stevie Dee , a guy who would later in the film become Connie 's boyfriend . Stevie Dee 's uncle Georgie -LRB- Burt Young -RRB- is a business associate of Oscar 's . There 's once scene where when Betsy and Jake meet with the man performing their wedding ceremony , the Dixie Cups ' CHAPEL OF LOVE is played . They want to be pronounced `` husband and wife '' instead of `` man and wife '' and they have `` obey '' omitted from `` love , honor and obey '' . The late Julie Bovasso plays Rose , Eddie 's mother and Joey Bishop is Eddie 's deceased father . The father , as a ghost , is seen and heard only by Eddie . The wedding was somewhat disasterous . It took place in a rented tent on a rainy evening . The tent was made of cheap,not-too-strong materials so a hole in the roof where the rain fell into increased to the point where it caved in . After a heated argument between Gloria and Oscar at the reception also in the tent , Gloria pulls a loose thread causing the growing hole and the dowse of fallen rain . So Connie and Stevie Dee can be together more often , Stevie Dee applies to the police academy , since Connie 's a cop . Unbelievably , the wedding dinner was pizza ! By the way , Oscar planned to divorce Gloria and become romantically involved with his secretary , who also attended Betsy 's and Jake 's wedding . That was one of the things that led to the argument . The wedding ceremony was performed in the Jewish style . Jake stepped on a wine glass wrapped in a cloth napkin . This film was Alan Alda 's most successful and not a minor hit like `` A New Life '' , another one of his personally scripted films .
 Seems like a lot of trouble to go through to leave a comment for a 50 cent item . I suggest a simple `` good job '' should be enough .
 Alan Alda , Ally Sheedy , Molly Ringwold , Joe Pesci and the late Madeline Kahn star in this funny wedding movie . Everyone knows Alda as a funny man who has been turning in some more serious performances latley but who knew Joe Pesci could be funny ? Naturally , there is trouble over putting Eddie Hopper 's -LRB- Alda -RRB- daughter 's -LRB- Ringwold -RRB- wedding together.Hopper 's family is comfortable but not rich but the other family is rolling in dough and wants to take over the wedding . Oscar Henner -LRB- Pesci -RRB- is in construction but has ties to organized crime . Oscar is having an affair with his secretary but his wife -LRB- Catherine O'Hara -RRB- knows all about it . Hopper 's other daughter -LRB- Sheedy -RRB- falls for the nephew -LRB- Anthony LaPaglia as Stevie Dee -RRB- of Oscar 's not so honest associate -LRB- Burt Young -RRB- . She 's a cop and he 's connected to the mob . Eddie borrows money from Oscar to pay for the wedding but Oscar charges him interest . Oscar involves Eddie in a deal with his associate but to get out of the deal might get him killed . Oscar offers to find a tent for the wedding but cuts a deal with someone and gets the wrong kind of tent . By the way , Oscar rents an apartment to the newlyweds in one of his tenament slum buildings!The wedding turns out to be a disaster of course . The tent leaks and then a hole is opened in the roof of the tent and the rain pours in . The food gets ruined and Eddie has to send out for pizza and everyone has to take their shoes off because the tent gets flooded.By the way , look for Samuel Jackson -LRB- unknown then -RRB- in a very small bit part in the taxi depot scene.It 's lots of fun . No nudity , sex , violence . There is some foul language . I suggest a viewing of of at least 13 .
 I SIMPLY LOVE THIS MOVIE . ANYTIME I FEEL LOW AND NEED A BOOST , THIS IS THE FEEL GOOD FILM I REACH FOR . IT IS ALSO FUNNY SEEING SAMUEL L JACKSON , BEFORE HE BECAME `` BIG '' AS A GUY IN THE GARAGE SCENE -LRB- PRICELESS -RRB- THERE IS N'T ONE THING I DO N'T LOVE ABOUT THIS FILM . I HAVE ATLEAST , FOUR COPIES OF THIS FILM , I 'M NOT EVER GOING TOO BE WITHOUT `` BETSY 'S WEDDING ''
 Loved it , and have for a long time . For some reason most people either have n't watched it , or did n't get it . Obviously from the reviews here you can see I am not alone in my rating . Joe Pesci is HILARIOUS , and the movie is filled with other great characters and funny moments . Just keeps you interested with witty dialogue and universal life experiences . Like 29TH STREET this is another underrated movie , which should after watching it cacth your attention if you like romantic comedies , like WHEN HARRY MET SALLY etc. . Enjoy ...
 I did not expect much from this movie , perhaps because I had just finished watching 20 Dates , one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Betsy 's Wedding was a delight , very sweet , and incredibly funny . I have seen movies about wedding disasters before , but this one had me laughing until it hurt . Alan Alda and Madeline Kahn were outstanding as Betsy 's parents .
 I was very pleased when I saw a Blu-Ray of this movie available at such an excellent price . `` Betsy 's Wedding '' was one of my family 's favorite `` minor '' movies when my kids were growing up , but as such I was not willing to pay serious money to replace our VHS -LRB- yes , VHS -RRB- copy . Being able to make the replacement for a very reasonable price -LRB- and on Blu-ray , to boot -RRB- was a real delight . I have no doubt that we 'll put this on and enjoy it all over again when the family gathers for the holidays . Thanks , Amazon !
 When a family man -LRB- Alan Alda-Also the Film ` s Director -RRB- tries to make the best situation of his daughter -LRB- Molly Ringwald -RRB- wedding , because he trying to created a old fashioned expensive wedding , but he ` s needs the money , he needs but he caught between his complicated family and his gangster friends.Directed by Alan Alda made a often uproarious comedy . This film has a great supporting Cast including : Madeline Kahn , Oscar-Winner : Joe Pesci , Ally Sheedy , Burt Young , Joey Bishop , Catherine O`Hara and Anthony La Paglia , this is a light-hearted film . Grade : B + .
 This was one of the funniest and touching movies I 've seen in a long time . Anthony LaPaglia steals the show . Alan Alda was great , as usual , but Anthony is the one that sticks out . If you like him , you wo n't be disappointed . It took me a long time to find this movie , but I finally got it from Yahoo . What a find !
 Straightforward plot with intertest created by great characters and the actors who play them . This is a fun movie about family . Too bad for us Molly Ringwald had to gro w up - she was a unique and interesting young woman actor , was n't she ? Only buy movies I know I 'll want to see again and that don ' t ever appear on TV for some reason .
 I am a Kahn fan , so wanted to see Betsy 's Wedding . A more mature kind of role for Madeleine - as I saw it - but she is excellent . Alan Alda is , well , Alan Alda type . Which is a good thing . Fun story , lots of build up and good acting . If you want a good movie to watch , with some laughs and life journey messages , without 2 hours of violence , here ya go !
 i found this at my local dollar store -LRB- dollar tree i think -RRB- i coulnt resist it ... i love molly ringwald no matter what movies she plays in if your a die hard fan of molly ringwald , id suggest you buy it NOW , you never know when supplies are gone , its a great movie , if i did n't find it at the dollar store , id bump into it here & pay the price here as i love her movies !!!
 Benoit Lamy 's La vie est belle -LRB- Life is rosy -RRB- is a rags-to-riches narrative . Featuring renowned Zairois musician , Papa Wemba , this movie , released in 2009 in DVD format , recounts the trajectory of the protagonist from his rural village to the land of dreams -- Kinshasa . But Kinshasa is not only a land of hope for the socially underprivileged like Papa Wemba and ilk ; it is also a hub characterized by vices
 Sorry . It was a gift for someone else . I have n't seen it . I ca n't respond honestly ; however , has anyone who is a fan of 24 seen ANY 24 that has n't been well worth it ? Do not let the stars sway anyone . It 's simply not fair for me to rate that which I have not seen ; and if I do not give it a rating , I may not procede on here.doug
 I am upset that this DVD set is now $ 9.00 cheaper than when I bought it in May . I would have waited , had I known , and what good is the price guarantee they offer with a newly released video , if the price goes down this much AFTER you buy it?Good storyline , as always , and you just got ta love Jack . The actor who plays Jack is so opposite , so you know Kiefer is a great actor .
 This is not my 1 # favorite , but I liked it because of the metaphoric symbolism in this season . I loved the fact that everyone was trying to save Jack and help him to get his life back together . Love Renee Walker , Larry moss , and president taylor second best president on the show next to David Palmer -LRB- he will always be first -RRB- . Me & my mom also loved her husband -LRB- even though he was n't in the whole season . Of course , Aaron pierce came back as well as Bill Buchannan & chloe o'brian . The saddest things about this season was Tony 's betrayal . I know he was only trying to get back at the man Alan wilson for killing his wife , Michelle and his unborn son . But he also killed larry moss . -LRB- whoa ! -RRB- Renee the rest of the way kind a turned into a Jack Bauer almost . Olivia Taylor was okay . I also liked tim woods as well . Colonial Dubaku was the antagonist of the show , did he 's part good , But we felt sympathy for his girlfriend who really liked him -LRB- even when she found out who he really was . But also the other main antogonist Benjamin Juma was just terrible . Jon voight was also in it , But olivia takes care of him . At the end she 's sent to jail , Jack who was exposed to the pathogen he stop from releasing into the city gets cured thanks to his daughter .
 We did n't start watching the TV series `` 24 '' for most of the time it aired . It has been so much fun to purchase and watch from season 1 , and now we are just starting season 6 . We have already purchased season 7 , we will purchase season 8 to complete our library , even though that was the season we were hooked on while it was being aired on TV . Now , my husband and I decide if this will be a `` Jack '' night and settle in for a DVD -LRB- usually the 4 episodes -RRB- ... Amazon is a great source for putchasing the series . Highly recomended . This will be our only review for all of the DVD 's are great ... thanks !
 I now have all seven seasons of 24 , and will try to watch them all some rainy day .
 Excellent program . Seller sold at a great price , delivery was exceptionally fast and item was in perfect condition . I give seller and item 2 thumbs up
 After seeing the `` Redemption '' two hour special I was very excited to see this season . After seeing Season 6 , I was starting to get concerned that the writers behind 24 were running out of ideas . The fact that Jack 's dad was constantly coming up got incredibly tedious after a while . Luckily in Season 7 this does n't happen . The villains change and get bigger as the show goes on , like we would normally find in a season of 24 . One of the things that made this season especially strong was the change in location . The fact that this season takes place in Washington D.C. really gives it a breath of fresh air in my opinion . As you can guess this involves a threat to the White House and it is connected to `` Redemption '' , but I wo n't say anything more than that . At first with the setting in Los Angeles with David Palmer it was really great , but after a while the terrorists always attacking this one location got a little run of the mill after a while . For whatever reason the change of location makes everything better . In fact I think it would be awesome to let Jack 's character go to different locations in future seasons.The season kicks off with Jack on trial with Congress for his use of torture tactics . This is a theme that gets revisited quite a bit throughout the season . Obviously this reflects the U.S. 's current questions on how effective torture tactics are . I like seeing those sort of questions being reflected in popular media . I also like that they do n't force their character to completely change to popular thinking , and then of course we would n't have Jack Bauer.As some people have mentioned the packaging for this DVD is excellent . I have to agree , it 's the size of a regular DVD case , yet has six discs in it ! This saves on space and it does not require the use of Dual Disc . I hate Dual Disc because you run a higher risk of scratching a surface of a disc , with these DVD 's all of them have the top coated surface . I think all large DVD sets should use this form of packaging ; the sheer space saving aspect is completely worth it.If you felt that 24 was starting to flounder like I was , you might be pleasantly surprised at this season . Sure the events are over the top , but that gives us the action packed episodes we all want . If you 're a total action fan then you ca n't go wrong with this season of 24 .
 After the horrendous Season 6 on it seemed time for Jack Bauer to retire but hold on , Season 7 is just about as good as any I 've so far . I 'm not one to watch this show on a weekly basis , I 'd much rather wait until the end of the year and watch all 24 episodes on DVD in less than a week
 I have watch each season since the start and it unfolds and a surprise for you every corner . What can any one say , this TV show should go on forever .
 A surprisingly enjoyable season . Let 's face it , this series really should have run its course by now . How many near-deaths can Jack survive ? How many government conspiracies can there be?Yes , there are a few times that it 's a bit preposterous -LRB- i.e. the storming of the White House ??? -RRB- . But complaining about such things is like complaining that water is wet - you knew that going in , so why are you surprised?The first 5-6 episodes were my favorites , as it had a `` let 's put the band back together '' feeling . `` Looks , there 's Jack ! '' `` And Bill and Chloe ! '' `` And Tony ! - hey , is n't he dead ? '' The middle bogged down a bit , especially with the aforementioned WH scenes , but then the last 4-5 episodes really picked back up . The best part of ' 24 ' is guessing who the traitors are , and who 's on the up-and-up . They did a good job of camouflaging the bad guy -LRB- s -RRB- , and it came as a shock even to me when the turnabout was played . Cool!Basically , if you like the show , then you 'll like Season 7 , it an above average version of the same things you 've seen since 2001 . And if you do n't like the show , then this wo n't convert you -LRB- but then again , nothing probably will -RRB- .
 This was the best 24 season I 've seen in a long time . The story was great with many twists and surprises . Kiefer Sutherland played Jack Bauer like the badass he is . Carlos Bernard as Tony Almeida is awesome to . Would like to see this guy in future tough guy spy roles like Bourne Identity . Annie Wersching as Renee Walker starts off slow but ends up pulling off the tough chick with a gun performance . The powers that be for 24 must have a thing for redheads because just about every lead female actress in this series is a redhead . The guy playing agent Larry Moss is a real weenie , so much that I think they wanted him to look weak just to make Jack Bauer look tougher than he already is . SPOILER
 The bluray part of this dvd season is excellent and i would have wanted to watch it any other way . This 24 is definately different from the rest of the seasons . They take another approach at it , and it is n't bad but it 's not my favorite either . It is still an awesome season of 24 do n't get me wrong , but it did n't keep me on the edge of my couch for the entire season either . Overall it was good .
 Reckoning time has come for Jack Bauer -LRB- Kiefer Sutherland -RRB- . With CTU dismantled , Jack has to answer for his actions to a Senate hearing . But the hearing has just started with Jack is pulled out and taken to the FBI . There he learns that former CTU agent and friend Tony Almeida -LRB- Carlos Bernard -RRB- is a terrorist . And he 's working with others planning an attack for that very day . Teaming up with FBI agent Renee Walker -LRB- Annie Wersching -RRB- , he sets out to stop the unfolding events.Meanwhile , President Taylor -LRB- Cherry Jones -RRB- , the US 's first female president , is trying to deal with the unfolding events and the revelation that there are people in her own administration working against her . Can her administration survive the day ? Can Jack stop the terrorists?I think most every one agrees that season six of this thriller was non-thrilling . Taking advantage of the writer 's strike , the show spent two years working on the just concluded seventh season.And it shows.While it was n't quite the fresh approach they advertised , it was once again fun . Yes , several plot elements were way too used and the FBI really just subbed for CTU , but the action was non-stop and most of the twists good given enough time to be explained . And there was one set piece near the middle of the season that had my heart racing just like old times.Probably my favorite moments in this season involved Mary Lynn Rajskub 's Chloe and her FBI counter part Janis Gold , played by Janeane Garofalo . The two characters are very similar , and watching them work together , or not as the case may be , has provided some comic relief . The fact that I wish there were more probably means they used them just about right.This season was set in Washington DC . Since plot is king -LRB- as always -RRB- , I 'm not sure the location really mattered . I did find the location details not quite as distracting as they were when the show was set in LA.Considering the current real life political climate , they tried to have some thoughts about torture . However , it was overshadowed by the race to the next plot point.Any fan of the show owes it to themselves to give this season a chance . It will have you counting the seconds until you can find out how it all ends before you know it .
 I have watched 24 from the beginning . I always order each season for my FATHER , and I am confident the DVD will be shipped as I always am confident with my Amazon purchases . I truly believe my dad will love this season as much as I. Jack is awesome , and it was so great to see Tony again . Will not say too much , buy this season ... you will not be disappointed !!!!
 Seven 7 of 24 has brought 24 back . Season seven is better than season 6 way better now i 'm trying to catch up on all the seasons . I 've watched seasons 1-3 and are getting through amazon 4,5 , and 6 .
 Chloe said , `` It 's good to see you Jack ! '' I completely agree . As an obsessed 24 fan it is very good to see 24 back in full swing . The writers strike has left us in a long absence and now the writers are back and so is 24 ! Kiefer Sutherland mentioned on Regis and Kelly that season seven is already complete in its taping . Hence the reason why Fox and Amazon is ready to pre-order 24 . I highly recommend pre-ordering your copy . Amazon will ensure you get the lowest price possible . What a great opportunity to get a deal and 24 's season 7 !!
 ... and I have pre-ordered every season of `` 24 '' and the recent `` 24
 24 has been one of the best shows on TV since it started in 2000 . Season one thru 5 was incredible , but season six was not up to par with the rest of them . Then came season seven !!!! Right from the word ` go ' this season has been a rollercoaster ride . Unbelievable action , suspense and drama . Season seven is just as good as season one thru 5 , may be even better . I ca n't wait for the blue ray version of the show , and the price guarantee really works . Go for it!You do n't know Jack !!
 It 's quite simple . By pre-ordering , you lock in , at the very least , the current price , which right now , is $ 39 . That is already a significant $ 20 savings . And if at any time the price drops lower , you get the lower price . And if for whatever reason , you change your mind , you can always cancel . You will not be charged until it actually ships.As for Season 7 of the show itself , well , so far , it has been amazing , and a return to the awesomeness that exemplified the earlier seasons . Season 6 basically sucked -LRB- by 24 standards -RRB- , but Season 7 is on track to be classic .
 Season 7 of `` 24 '' packs all the excitement , drama , and pulse-thumping action that fans of `` 24 '' have come to expect . There is no sense in going into the plot , as it would spoil the viewer 's enjoyment of the series . That said , certain themes are once again explored in this remarkable award-winning drama . Season 7 explores the theme of interrogation techniques used to extract critical information from suspects . In the previous 6 seasons of `` 24 '' , CTU Agent Field Commander Jack Bauer routinely violated prisoner 's rights in order to get information that would save thousands of lives . It comes down to this
 I love this show and I love this season . I ca n't believe there are only 4 episodes left and that the dvd is coming out in a couple of weeks . I wish all shows would be that fast .
 I agree with my fellow collectors that the preorder process is the way to go . I am currently collecting around 50-60 series and order DVD movies all the time . My biggest gripe is the time between releases -LRB- if they are released at all -RRB- , this is not Amazon 's fault but the studios . I have saved hundreds of $ $ and even received rebates for some of the preorders I have purchased . I agree that those complainers should get a clue and learn how the process works . I have never been charged for anything until it shipped and you can always cancel up to the point where it is being prepared for shipment . This is why I am and will remain a loyal Amazon customer .
 Love this show , love the people in it and everything about it . Wish it did n't have to come to an end
 Jack Bauer and his team do it again ! One of my favorite seasons . He has to save the president and country from demise .
 Just as addicting as the best of the previous seasons , and effectively leaves you wanting to keep going . The cast is terrific and each ` hour ' is faithfully packed with twists and intensity
 I hate that the series got cancelled . I loved the show . I would have loved to have been on the cast even for a short time . Long live Jack Bauer and CTU !
 Just the absolute best action drama ever on TV . If anyone called or rang the doorbell , nada , it was not happening as we were glued to the set and you did not want to miss a moment
 Wonderful series that will hook you from the pilot for season one until the end of the eight seasons it was on television . Please read my review of Season 8 . &#34; Person of Interest &#34; , &#34; Homeland &#34; and &#34; 24 &#34; I put in the same category of unusual plots and fast-paced action thrillers . Great writing , directing and acting !
 From the first episode , all the way until the end , this season was like one big plot-twist , very unpredictable , very intense . I felt like it was almost addicting to watch , and I could n't get enough of it . I did think that the whole White House siege was a little unrealistic , but it still did n't take away from how good this season was . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This was a gift to my husband , he just ca n't stop watching it ... he finished the whole season in 3 nights .
 I am a hugh fan of the series 24 . With this purchase , I now have all seven sets of this great program . I will add it to my DVD library and enjoy viewing it whenever I feel like looking back at the series.I was satisfied with my purchase from Amazon . My purchase was concluded in a professional and timely manor . Good job Amazon .
 again another excellent video . the service from the time I ordered to the time it was received was again outstanding .
 Just like the other seasons 24 is full of surprises and of course Jack , gentle Jack ... ha ha ha he 's as good as he ever was ... I really enjoy the 24 series , and I hope others do too!All the seasons are worth the money ...
 Is there ANYTHING else on TV that comes close to this series ? Not in my opinion . It is a series that feels like an action packed movie with great acting , plots , etc. . I 've been totally addicted since it came out ... I 've seen every single episode in the seven seasons . I have n't been purchasing the individual box sets but , rest assured , as soon as the show discontinues and they have a complete box set of all seasons , I 'll have it ! We actually named our son after one of the characters from this show ! Yeah , sad , I know but that 's how good the show is . Watch it ! You wo n't be able to walk away .
 This season is quite tragic and offers many unexpected situations . Very good , hope the next one .
 After a year hiatus thanks to the writers strike , 24 came back with an amazing kickass season !
 This long awaited season fulfilled my hopes that 24 would keep on being one of the best shows on TV . Sutherland deserves all the Emmy , s he can collect . This may well be my next favorite after season 3 .
 This series is non-stop action from the first episode until the final minute on the last disc . Everything one expects from 24 is incorporated into this season . If you like action and suspense with constant twists and turns , this series is for you . To add to my collection , I purchased the seventh season and I am completely satisfied .
 THIS SET IS FANTASTIC ! ! IT HAS THE ENTIRE SEASON PLUS EXTRAS.WELL WORTH THE PRICE .
 This season is so worth your time . The set is a great addition to the other seasons of 24 . With such a great price-tag , why not ?
 As 24 continues to be impressive with the writing and longevity , Southerland has marked his name in the anals of TV history with 24 . Excellent series !
 Poor Jack Bauer . . another helluva day ! All the ingredients you 've loved from the first six seasons are back in full force . And while some things are totally preposterous , you 'll still find yourself totally enthralled . Kiefer is perfect as always going from his whispery pleadings to his bombastic outrages . You got ta love him ! And he 's surrounded himself with top-notch support from Cherry Jones , Colm Feore , James Morrison , Annie Werthing , Mary Lynn Rajskub , Carlos Bernard , Janeane Garafolo , Jeffrey Nordling and Jon Voight . Will Jack die ? Duh ... there 's a season 8 starting Jabn . 17th !
 My husband is a die hard 24 fan and it 's a great gift for a collector as well as a way to catch up before the next season starting Jan 17th .
 IT WAS DELIVERED IN A SHORT AMOUNT OF TIME IN PERFECT CONDITION AND THE QUALITY OF THE DISC WAS GREAT ...
 The addition of Tony Almeida and his `` bad guy '' attitude has renewed interest on this series .
 I did not have the opportunity to watch it in TV so I was waiting to buy it . Great .
 The whole series is great . Our country could use a Jack Bauer right now .
 Who would want to be this guy ... Your first season should have told the viewer that working for any agency like this would really suck ... at every turn your about to be arrested for doing your job ... better yet killed ... even the office people are getting fired on a daily basis and arrested . . geeze where do i sign ... This season has Jack back in action and at deaths door at every turn . . no friends or people that can trust him ... even after his many years of service . . I feel so bad for the guy ... keep us safe Jack !
 Product arrived early than expected . DVD package is ok , no damage , which is important . 100 % satisfied There is noother comment than I am satisfied .
 Got ta Love Keifer Sutherland and 24 ! It is a shame that it was yanked from the air ... . figure it just did n't fit inwith the new PC of the new `` fundamentally transformed America '' ... . sigh ...
 Being a huge `` 24 '' fan , it was my desire to own the entire series . I 've been purchasing seasons at a time and have not been disappointed . I will say one of the disk on Season 7 had a few scratches -LRB- which made it skip -RRB- but nothing major . I have been very pleased with my purchase . Almost ready for season 8 !!
 I love this show and have all the episodes . It really saddened me that the show ended . The action was great even though the story lines were a little far fetched .
 I had not watched `` 24 '' for a few years , I think season 5 was the last one that I bought . I travel often , and find that I most enjoy a series like this when I just wait for the season to end , then but it on DVD . That was the case for all of 24 's seasons after season 1 . Things were -LRB- at least for me -RRB- getting a bit tired in season 5 . -LRB- Was that the season where Kim was chased by a cougar wearing a beret and carrying a knife ? -RRB- Anyway , I digress ... So , I sort of thought it was done.After seeing some other positive reviews of season 7 , I thought it was worth trying again ... especially at the low prices that an `` old '' show goes for . I was very happy with it ! This is probably the best season I have seen so far . Of course , you must maintain a casual relationship with reality in some cases throughout the series , but overall it works very well.If you are a fan of 24 -LRB- or what it used to be early on -RRB- this is worth buying . I bought the Blu-ray for something like 24 beans . Great deal for some decent entertainment . I can easily recommend this any fan of previous seasons of 24 , and the video quality is very good .
 I purchased 24
 This season was great , especially for the several times that Jack 's personal philosophy and emotional state are really brought to the surface , even more than in other seasons . The scene with Larry and Jack in this one is well worth watching .
 A colleague of mine , a current political science professor and former intelligence operative ; turned me on to the 24 series sometime in 2009 . Usually , I ca n't stay focused on general television . However , this series managed to attract my full attention throughout both seasons 7 and 8 . Day 7
 Ca n't wait to watch this ! I miss 24 ... all I need is TIME now ! Perhaps soon I will be able to relax and watch it !
 24 Season 7 Blu-Ray is Great & The Picture Quality is Great & I Found Nothing Wrong With The Picture Quality or Sound Quality Like Some Complaned About There 24 Blu-Ray Seasons & Mine is Great The Picture Quality is Great in HDMI 1080 on Blu-Ray Player & I Can Also Watch DVD 'S on it as Well & 24 Season 7 is Great Too Own on Blu-Ray & Kiefer Sutherland as Jack Bauer is a Great Actor & The Rest of The Cast is Great & On This Season There is a Guest Star Former CSI : Miami Actor Rory Cochrane Guest Stars on 4 Episodes on 24 & I Decided Too Buy This Season on Blu-Ray Because I Did Not Get Too Watch This Season on TV Because I Watch Alot of Other Shows at That Time Like All 3 CSI : Shows & Crimnal Minds NCIS
 Before you read on , I want to state that the seventh season has not aired yet in Singapore . Thus , I bought it after reading the reviews offered here before I jumped the gun , so to speak . This review is intended to introduce new viewers as well as entice existing , but jaded viewers after a disappointing sixth season . ` 24 ' is a seven-year-long television series about an anti-hero , Jack Bauer -LRB- played by real-life , testosterone , alpha-male , Kiefer Sutherland -RRB- . He used to head the now defunct , de-listed , Counter-Terrorist Unit or CTU . In other words , over-worked , under-paid civil servants who lead secret lives about what they do -LRB- and may be eager to do it all over again , given the secret handshake -RRB- . In each episode -LRB- beginning at 8.00 am -RRB- , which lasts one hour -LRB- ` real time ' -RRB- per episode , we witness the multitude of news-making , events that lead up to the last hour of the day . Essentially , the premise of this series is a doomsday plot that has subversives intending to overthrow a leadership , or destroy public property , or harm lives . Not very optimistic scenarios - definitely controversial , and leverages on our current fears and conspiracy theories.I admit I was glued to this box set . Predictably , as we have grown to appreciate , there is a surprise or revelation in each hour . Stay awake though , or you be thrown off-guard ! The question on our mind is
 In contrast to most critical and fan reviews of this show , I thoroughly enjoyed the sixth season of `` 24 '' , yet did not get into `` Redemption '' at all . Thus , as I began the Seventh Season of perhaps the greatest TV show on TV today -LRB- LOST is about the only thing that probably beats it -RRB- , I was a bit concerned about the quality of a season that would be building on the events that transpired in `` Redemption '' . Of course , in typical `` 24 '' style , I should have never doubter the writers and actors ... I was blown away!The seventh season opens with Jack Bauer in front of a Congressional Committee and on trial for torture . This provides the perfect transition into what would become a season of change for the show . Once Bauer finishes his business in front of the Senators who seem to be out to get him , he is called away to help an F.B.I. investigation in Washington . At this point in the show 's timeline , CTU has been shut down for its reckless procedures , so the entire show has a bit of a different feel to it.Of course , Jack Bauer 's task eventually leads him into the thick of a terrorist plot against the United States , and thus once again he is `` on point '' most of the time , with action scenes and surprising cliffhangers that rival any previous season.The true success of this season , though , was its ability to move the show into a new locale while still giving subtle nods to old friends . Renee Walker -LRB- played by Annie Wersching -RRB- and Larry Moss -LRB- Jeffrey Nordling -RRB- morph into very interesting F.B.I. agents over the course of the show , while Madame President Allison Taylor -LRB- Cherry Jones -RRB- more than holds her own in the tradition of David Palmer , Charles Logan , Wayne Palmer , and Noah Daniels.Plus , old friends such as Bill Buchanon , Chloe O'Brien , and Kim Bauer -LRB- in perhaps the most emotional story-arc of the season -RRB- make return appearances , as does Tony Almeida -LRB- although his status as friend or enemy is tough to decipher -RRB- . Yet , as usual , the show really needs to be judged on the intensity/emotions of the Jack Bauer character , and the ability of the writers to inject genuine , thought-provoking political situations into each episode , and on both accounts this season succeeds with flying colors!Thus , even if -LRB- unlike me -RRB- you found Season Six to be a major disappointment , have no fear about purchasing the next installment of the show , as even I will admit that it was probably the best season in a few years . The only other TV show I have ever given 5-star ratings to in every season has been LOST , and that 's some pretty fine company .
 Not the best season , but Jack was back after the writers ' strike and it was a worthy endeavor .
 This product is of excellent quality , enjoyed myself . Had hours of fun . The product lived up to xpectation . The action is thrill a minute , when so many sub plots that keeps you riveted to your seat and begging for more .
 This is the best season since the 5th ! Jack Bauer is back with a vengeance ! This season takes place 4 years after the events of the last season , CTU is disbanded , and Jack is on trial for his illegal use of torture to prevent terrorist attacks , but the trial is interrupted by F.B.I. Agent Renee Walker who tells Jack that Tony Almeida is very much alive and in charge of a new series of attacks . Throughout the day , Jack deals with different villians , double-cross , emotional sacrifice , President Allison Taylor and her collegues are taken hostage in the White House and much more ! I highly recommend 24
 24 continues to deliver full on action , with the usual twists and turns in the plot to keep us hooked . Keifer Sutherland remains at the centre of the action and his `` whatever it takes '' approach is debated by those in authority , with predictable results . Watching this on DVD makes it easier to keep track of everyone , rather than watching one show a week . If you liked the other series , you 'll like this one .
 24 - Season Seven will not disappoint . Just as good as the other seasons .
 Tension level is preserved.Where is Audrey ? Mysterious disappearences are unwelcome.Where is Wayne Palmer ? Idem dito.Aaron is back!Kim is back!Why did Bill have to die ? Sad.Tony 's character-development becomes increasingly incredible.I am dead sick of Jack being an outcast all the time , andthis time he gets sick , grunts , growns . Jack needs tobe in good health and an official leader of some team.New is Renee . Hopefully she does n't disappear mysteriouslyin Season Eight ...
 First , I read the reviews and wondered if it was preorder or ship now due to people 's complaints . I have the set in hand , and bought Season 6 at the same time . I got a great deal for some reason on Amazon , and paid $ 43 for both seasons . If you wait until it hits stores , it 'll probably be around $ 50 each as other seasons have been.I for the life of me ca n't figure out why people are giving negative reviews because of the packaging . Um , ok ... this product sucks because it comes in a small package . WHAT ? I can agree with the one comment about missing the Bonus cd and Redemption . Those would be nice . But , the small package will fit nicely on a shelf . Duh.As to the show ... either you love 24 or you hate it . I agree that Season 6 was terrible , and Season 7 repeated some plots that I am tired of . But , it 's still 24 . It 's still the most intense show on tv . It still gets me excited , even with repeated plots . I will still watch every episode .
 Having watched all seasons of 24 , Season 7 was the best by far . With the introduction of Agent Renee Walker -LRB- the incredible Annie Wersching -RRB- , Jack is teamed with his equal in that this is a strong woman who is able to look out for herself and think for herself , but who invariably finds herself drawn to yet at times shocked by Jack 's methods when the safety of US citizens are on the line . The progression Renee 's character makes throughout the 24-hour period is profound , as is the interaction between these two . And anyone who was annoyed by Audrey in seasons past will , I predict , love Jack and Renee together.Mix in the fact that favorites from seasons past are brought back , and a new president is introduced -LRB- and faced with extraordinarily difficult choices in the face of both ethics and family -RRB- , and this made for an entirely satisfying season . I just watched the finale last night and am already ordering the DVD because I want to start it all over again . Ca n't wait for Season 8 either !
 Is there anything you can really say about these ? Anyone that 's watched 24 before knows how easy it is to become addicted . This was just the latest addition to my wife and I 's collection of 24 seasons . We now have all seasons 1-7 . If you 've never seen 24 before , I would recommend getting the first season first and starting from the beginning . You do n't have to , but to get the `` full Jack Bauer experience '' then I would deem that first step necessary ! :-RRB- Great show , and for the most part , all very good actors !
 After a controversial Season 6 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , that featured a nuclear explosion on American soil , a Bauer family conspiracy , and an assortment of untidy loose ends , there was substantial fan dissatisfaction with the direction 24 had taken . The writers ' strike in 2008 , derailed production of 24 for that year , giving the writers time to try and develop the story they already had , and deliver a winner.Set in Washington D.C. , Day 7 is indeed a fresh start , after six seasons in southern California . The timeline has moved several years past the nuclear incident , and Jack Bauer -LRB- Kiefer Sutherland -RRB- is testifying before a Senate committee , when he is taken into custody by FBI agent Renee Walker -LRB- Anne Wersching -RRB- , who seeks his help in tracking down Tony Almeida -LRB- Carlos Bernard -RRB- , believed to have been killed back in Day 5 . Thus begins what is a return to a more traditional 24 adventure . Unlike Day 6 , where Bauer was off balance and questioning himself , Jack is totally committed to the job at hand , and willing to do whatever it takes . Contrasting this is Rene Walker , Bauer 's companion for much of the day . She rises to the meet the day 's crisis , but is conflicted by having to employ Bauer 's methods , that while morally questionable , usually produce the desired results . Her behavior is frustrating to her boss , Larry Moss -LRB- Jeffery Nordling -RRB- , and her gradual , at times disturbing , and perhaps tragic transformation , is one of the season 's key story elements . The pacing is mostly brisk , the characters interesting , and the acting edgy and mostly believable . There are plenty of the kind of plot twists , surprises , and sudden deaths , viewers have come to expect , topped off with an -LRB- for now -RRB- ambiguous ending , that helps to wash away some of the bad aftertaste from Day 6 . Besides Almeida , characters returning from previous seasons include Chloe O'Brian -LRB- Mary Lynn Rajskub -RRB- , Bill Buchanan -LRB- James Morrison -RRB- , Aaron Pierce -LRB- Glenn Morshower -RRB- , Morris O'Brian -LRB- Carlo Rota -RRB- , and Kim Bauer -LRB- Elisha Cuthbert -RRB- . 24 has always featured a tremendously talented cast , and Day 7 is no exception , with Cherry Jones , Jeffery Nordling , Janeane Garofalo , Bob Gunton , Sprague Graydon , Hakeem Kae-Kazim , Enuka Okuma , Ravi Kapoor , and Jon Voight .24 Redemption a two hour prequel to Day 7 , focused on the events in the African nation of Sangala , and introduced President Allison Taylor -LRB- Jones -RRB- , Jonas Hodges -LRB- Voight -RRB- , Colonel Ike Dubaku -LRB- Kazim -RRB- , General Juma -LRB- Tony Todd -RRB- and Chief of Staff Ethan Kanin -LRB- Gunton -RRB- , setting the stage for the events in Day 7 . Typically , Day 7 involves several major story arcs . One involves the penetration of a government computer system , by terrorists who threaten the nation 's air traffic control system . Bauer and Walker work to stop the terrorists , and uncover a conspiracy that involves members of the federal government . Sangalan General Juma leads an audacious assault on the White House , taking the President hostage , and threatening to cut her daughter Olivia 's eyes out . A beloved character makes the ultimate sacrifice , leaving Jack shaken , as this story arc closes.There is still much more to come , as Jonas Hodges spearheads a plot by the private security company Starkwood , to employ a biological weapon that was developed in Sangala . And Tony Almedia has much unfinished business to attend to . Jack 's exposure to a biological pathogen , is life-threatening , and gradually affects his ability to function . The arrival of Kim Bauer , provides a slim hope for Jack 's survival . The finale is a massive emotional ride , with evil mastermind Alan Wilson -LRB- Will Patton -RRB- taken into custody , Jack and Renee having a deep heart to heart , the first family 's drama in the White House , and Jack seeking absolution for his sins . With Bauer in a coma and Kim by his side , the final dispensation of `` justice '' rests in another 's hands.In Day 7 , reality is stretched and molded in manners normal for 24 , and there are some rough spots , and a few totally illogical developments . The setting in the vicinity of the Capitol , features mostly urban locations . Still , those troubled by the trends in Day 6 , and Day 5 , may find the more focused storytelling in Day 7 more palatable and satisfying . Kiefer Sutherland delivers another powerful performance , tough but also vulnerable . Carlos Bernard transitions several times in Tony 's bittersweet `` it 's about justice '' return . Anne Wersching has the challenging role and pivotal role as Agent Renee Walker , and her performance is powerful and compelling . She fades a bit in the third quarter , but finishes strongly after taking over from Larry Moss . There are many other standout performers , including Sprague Graydon , Jon Voight , Cherry Jones , Bob Gunton , Janeane Garofalo , Elisha Cuthbert , and as always Glenn Morshower as solid as a rock , Aaron Pierce.As in previous seasons , a number of episodes have a commentary track . Most are mildly informative , though some are more animated -LRB- Carlos Bernard -RRB- , or amusing -LRB- Glenn Morshower -RRB- , although unfortunately Sutherland , Jones , Graydon , Voight , and Garofalo do not participate . Among the extras are some deleted scenes , the best of which is a powerful , expanded initial meeting between Kim and Jack . `` 24-7 The Untold Story '' is a featurette detailing the writers ' travails attempting to get the series back on track , after Day 6 . Perhaps only a program with the huge gravitas of 24 , could afford to make such an admission . Of interest is how the prequel 24 Redemption , ended up meshing nicely with the events in Day 7 . With a strong comeback , the continuing saga of 24 , is poised to embark boldly onto the eighth day .
 I have to admit , after a lackluster sixth season and what I thought was a disappointing TV movie -LRB- `` 24
 `` Cloe please '' Jack looks down and looks around while he says this in a dramatic way .
 This product arrived in excellent condition and a lot earlier than expected ! I am extremely impressed , thank you !
 Everything was as promised . I still have to look at the dvd . I 'm at season 3 and I have a lot to do before viewing season 7 . Thanks for the quick service.Living in the Caribbean -LRB- Curacao -RRB-
 This is the first season i have gotten in blue ray . Its great . I love 24 and will miss when it does go away ! Hopefully a few more seasons !
 This arrived on time , it was sealed in its package , and was just as described .
 We absolutely love the 7th season . High speed action as we know it , mixed with some new elements we did not expect.The show had been questioned for brutality and disobeyment of laws in the press . So the producers added a scene where Jack Bauer explains what he had to do to a senate comitee . There are some twists in this season the authors would not have put in the ones before , that make Jack more a person than in the previous episodes . Just take a look and you know what I mean . Very good entertainment . Jay ; = -RRB-
 If you want 23 hours of action-packed suspense that is insanely addicting , get this series . Just do n't expect all the loose ends to be cleared up in the last episode . The last hour makes you feel like maybe they should have called the series ' 26 , ' because they really needed a couple more episodes to close a lot of issues at the end.A few of the loose ends at the end that leave you hanging off a cliff : What happened to Starkwood and all the other security firms that were conspiring together?Was Jack Bauer 's daughter able to save him from the chemical exposure?Did all of the President 's duaghter 's actions come out and what was the media fallout like?What ever happened with Tony Almeida?Other than that , it was a great watch , but could only give it 4 stars because they ending was so lacking .
 The one-liners keep getting better ! In hour 5 or 6
 I did n't really notice `` 24 '' until it 's last season . I heard about it before , but never really bothered to try and watching it until it 's last season and was surprised that it was actually a decent show.I then noticed that seasons 1-7 were availible for Prime for free , which allowed me to watch every season on amazon , which took a few months watching a few episodes each week.Kiefer Sutherland plays Jack Bauer , the main character , who seems to have everything go wrong at the wrong moments , somewhat reminds me of Bruce Willis in Die Hard . Many things in this series such as the circumstances and outcomes are not the most realistic scenarios . If you are looking for a realistic type show , this is not for you.Each season has many twists in its story , while some more obvious than others . As of this review I have finished all seasons of `` 24 '' , and have enjoyed watching Jack Bauer 's experiences throughout the series.While I am not a die hard 24 fan , I still enjoyed the series and will certainly watch the movie if/when it does get released . Would recommend watching to those who have n't already been immersed by this show !
 best tv show i ever watched there is nothing like this cant wait to see the movie . if you like page turners buy this .
 This show is awesome.I 'm sad that it went off the air , but am looking forward to the movie that is coming out in theaters .
 This is an excellent series of 24 that matches the excitement of the previous six series . However the DVDs do n't appear to be compatible with my TV -LRB- we live in Spain -RRB- so we had to watch it on the laptop !
 I love this serie , and this season is amazing , i ca n't stop watching episode by episode and to make it special jack bauer work with the FBI , and not with the cTU . Now I 'm waiting the 8th season , every season is better and i just ca n't wait itt , to lookinG for the improvement . It will be very difficult to beat this 7th season
 This purchase was a gift to my Nephew , therefore I can not revue the viewing condition of this video collection . I am satisfied with the condition of my purchase , it was new , unwrapped , and in excellent condition . The seller was quite prompt with his shipping of this item , and the seller offered a good purchase price . I will do business with this seller again !
 I recently bought the S7 dvd set & let me tell you , this show is like eating your fav candy . Once you start it 's damn near impossible to stop ! Lately i 'm averaging 4 episodes per day & i 'm happy to report that these episodes are just as addictive & suspenseful as they were when it first aired on FOX . As usual , each show is jam packed with action & suspense & the tension also harldly ever lets up . Great stuntwork & explosions abound as well . But one of best things about this show are all the great character actors they always seem to bring in for each season . Kurtwood Smith -LRB- Robocop -RRB- as Senator Blaine Mayer , Jon Voight -LRB- Deliverance -RRB- as the corrupt leader of a Blackwater-like mercenaries for hire outfit , Bob Gunton -LRB- Shawshank Redemption -RRB- as the White House Chief of Staff , Colm Feore -LRB- The Sum of All Fears -RRB- as the First man , Will Patton -LRB- Armageddon -RRB- as the head conspirator , Glenn Morshower -LRB- Blackhawk Down -RRB- reprising his role as Secret service agent - Aaron Pierce & Janeane Garofalo -LRB- Copland -RRB- as a nosy & suspicious FBI computer expert . Carlos Bernard also reprises his role as former CTU Agent turned fugitive Tony Almeida & Elisha Cuthbert returns as well as Jack 's estranged daughter - Kim . The best new character in S7 though is the FBI agent Renee Walker played by lovely actress - Anne Wersching . She accompanies Jack Bauer through most of the series & quickly learns that in order to assist Jack in saving the day , she will sometimes have to bend the rules & do things that go against her own moral beliefs . This makes her very uneasy & frequently gets her in trouble with her boss - The `` By the book '' FBI Head Agent - Larry Moss -LRB- Jeffrey Nordling -RRB- who resents Jack for breaking law after law & torturing suspects . The tension between the three characters is very palpable & really helps add to the suspense & drama of the show . Add in a great story with frequent plot twists , lots of great action , terrific characters & more suspense than you can shake a stick at & you 've got one of the most captivating seasons in the entire franchise . I 'd personally rank S7 as one of the top 3 best in the series & a must watch for anyone who 's fan of 24 or great action thrillers with good character development .
 I 've seen all of the previous seasons of 24 including the one on tv now and i got to say that this is amazing . I plan on watching this season at least 3 more times ; its that good .
 surprised so recently available , fast delivery , new dnd , certainly not sellers fault I thought this was the worst season aired of the 24 series . recommend this seller
 they truly need a medical adviser on the staff , because most of their medical procedures are so completely wrong it took my focus off the other events ! And if they screw up in this , I do wonder how much else they have screwed up ! But it is not a series for veracity . If that is taken into consideration , it is good entertainment and a certainly better season than some of the previous ! Plus , I am glad that they dare to be rather provocative in some areas .
 While I was sad to learn this is the final season it certainly makes it worth buying and watching . Normally I would give it 5 stars but at times during the show the relationship between the president and her daughter and her secrect service advisor seem to get in the way of what Jack is doing and the relationship between him and his work collegues . Overall though it was fantastic and I would recommend watching 24 redemption before this so you 'll know what is going on . Actually make sure you catch every episode - it 's worth your time
 after a not so good almost terrible season 6 , 24 came back roaring !! and again i was hooked , loved the storyline and new additions , and im ready for season 8i really like the idea of the dvd being out the next day , every other show should do the same , im not sure i like the new packaging but we will seealso i was hoping for a whole disc full of bonus featuresoverall excellent show !
 There should be a mandate taught in the early years of schoooling and that is that people should not talk about things that they know nothing about . Anyone who is even slightly farmiliar with Amazons pre-ordering knows that they do not charge you until the item ships . With that knowledge it becomes painfully clear that these pre-order 's are a fantastic idea both for Amazon and the paying customer . Its good for Amazon because they get better knowledge on just how many copies they will need when its released and its good for the customer because they offer significant discounts for pre-ordering . Since your not charged until it ships and since you can cancel at any time before it ships , well lets just say that anyone speaking out negatively about such business practices has no clue what they are talking about.If Amazon charged your credit card before it shipped than this would be a completely different story but that simply is not the case . They are not getting any money until they ship the product . Lets face it some people just have to complain . Its literally a part of thier personality and trust me I have known a couple people like this in my life . They dont bother to educate themselves about something before lashing out , they just immediatly form a biased opinion and the bashing begins . Its really the very essence of ignorance . So take my advice and just ignore all of the naysayers because not a single one can formulate a logical argument against Amazon ; s pre ordering system.Thank you Amazon !! I have been a loyal cusomer since the very first week you went live and customers such as myself understand fully that your pre-order system is one of the best things going today in regards to shopping for DVD 's . Its really no surprise that you have become one of the biggest retailers in the world . Its for reasons like this . Keep up the great work and thanks again.Now exuse me while I pre-Order 24 - Season 7 .
 24
 I 've been a `` 24 '' fan since the series began , and as many earlier reviews have stated , the 7th season was a true `` high point '' for this show . It 's true that the series had been getting a bit stale over the previous 2 seasons , then there was the Writer 's Strike which basically set everything back a year , with co-creators Joel Surnow and Bob Cochrane eventually leaving the show for good.In this case , the infusion of `` new blood '' -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- was just what the show needed . I 've been watching my DVD 's again recently , and here 's the high points : > Great pacing . The action is non-stop , but the plot threads are as twisted as I remember the First Season 's being , and they strike a great balance between the two . > We really see Jack 's dark side . Although it 's seldom mentioned in these episodes , the torture at the hands of the Chinese has left both visible and hidden scars on our hero . He 's still doing his job , still dedicated to saving lives , but he 's a man who 's pretty much lost all hope in the future . > Casting for this season is excellent ! Cherry Jones as the President , and Anne Wersching as FBI Agent Renee Walker nail their roles , plus we get to see Bill Buchanan , Tony Almeida and Secret Service agent Aaron Pierce again , as well as Chloe O'Brien . We also have a perfect foil for Jack in FBI Bureau Chief Larry Moss , a `` by the book '' lawman who refuses to see things Jack 's way even the wheels start coming off . This was a tough role to pull off , and both the actor and the writers deserve extra credit here . And of course you ca n't have a better villain than Jon Voight ! > The resolution was just what it should have been . No , Jack does n't die -LRB- obviously , since there 's another season after this one -RRB- but he comes as close as we 've ever seen , and for once he has to depend on someone else to save him . It 's a touching moment.If you still do n't have this set , buy it ! I have the regular DVD set and am very pleased with both the sound and the video quality . This was the season where we saw Jack come full circle , and actually get some closure at the end . It 's worth your time , `` I give you my word ... ''
 If you love Kiefer Sutherland , or a series with action , suspense , mind blowing twist , then 24 is the series for you . I personally give this series a 5 out of 5 . AWESOME !!
 I 'm a man of few words.To me every single episode of 24 series is excelent , superb.I highly recomended to any one .
 I personally am a huge fan of 24 . I am a little confused however that FOX is already pre-ordering Season 7 , because the show does not start on TV until Jan 2009 . I remember that two years ago when season 6 came out , the Tuesday after the premier FOX sold the first four episdoes on DVD as a teaser in order to get people involved the new season . I bought this and really enjoyed it . My only question is whether or not this product is only the first four episodes , or if it is the entire season . Because usually they do not release the entire season until November after the season finishes -LRB- in this case November 2009 -RRB- . I would seriously be surprised if this was the entire season because then people would not watch it on TV .
 I was very good and interested in the new season of 24 until the writers strike of last year which they only produced 8 of the 24 episodes . But since they were able to finish , I was very excited to see the writers tied in the Redemption story with the Season 6-7 storyline , but I was very disappointed that the CTU was dismantled , it was moved to Washington where Jack joined the FBI . However , the only thing that kept 24 interested is seeing Kim coming back from seasons 1-3 and season 5 . But the consistency is all messed up this season . Jack Bauer is great as saving evil from hitting the US , the writers have unfortunately repeat the killing random people over and over from about season 6 onward . But towards the end , the story comes out straight and IMO , it 's a decent way to close out a season filled with too many inconsistencies .
 Very good season and good looking on Blu-Ray . I had heard many comments that it was like the first couple seasons , in a good way , but I was skeptical . Besides just a few slow spots , this season did not disappoint.We see a maturing Jack who still is a top patriot . Things are n't always what they seem and this season reinforces that to good effect . This season seems to want us to think more than normal -- like it really could happen to any of us .
 The best 24 yet . First time seeing in Blu-ray . Never go back to DVD . Since I 've never seen thisseries on network TV . Cant stand commercials . So Iwait for the series to end then buy it here . $ 36.00 worth every penny .
 Well , yet another season has come and gone . Kiefer Sutherland gives another fine performance in another hot season of 24 . Some of you who have come to me
 A fantastic set of DVD 's !!! Love it on Blu-ray , it makes it just the best and I did n't think it could get any better .
 Excellent Season , 24 really redeemed itself after the sub-par Season 6 . Blu-Rays are the way to go .
 Forget everything you ' r used to , in 24 . Forget who you thought were a good guys . This season wraps up a lot of the former seasons , but still leaves you with a ton of questions like most other seasons.Jack is back for another 24 hours of explosive action , and with a new team of federal agents , ready to give you the TV thrill of your life . In this season you will get to see some familiar faces , and you will hear about a lot of former 24 characters , just to give you a nostalgic feeling that makes this 7 ` th season all the more fun and exiting . But beware , there are a lot of surprises lurking about , that will constantly keep you guessing who the real enemy is.Don ' t miss out on this great season of a great show , you wo n't regret buying this set of DVD 's .
 Firstly , the long wait for this 7th season of 24 was well worth it . Keifer Sutherland and the cast and crew really pulled out all the stops with this newest day of terror . You start off immediately by finding out that CTU has been disbanded and it 's 4 years from the events of season 6 . Jack Bauer , played by Keifer Sutherland , is on trial for his various crimes and infractions built up by the previous seasons . But the trial is interrupted by FBI agent Renee Walker , played by Annie Wersching , saying that Jack is needed to help out with a priority situation . A rash of attacks built up to a kidnapping perpetrated by the supposedly deceased Tony Almeida , played by Carlos Bernard.Now for die hard fans of 24 , they 'll remember in season 5 that Almeida was not given the traditional silent countdown usually given to a hero who has died . So fans were speculating that Tony would be revived in some way shape or form . In the meantime we do see reappearances of the following characters , mind you the character list includes the amazing actors who played them.Bill Buchanan - James Morrison -- Morrison provides audio commentary on an episodeChloe O Brian - Mary Lynn Rajskub -- Rajskub also provides an audio commentaryMorris O Brian - Carlo RotaNow for those who have seen and bought the prequel movie , 24-Redemption , they 'll remember the chain of events leading up to season 7 . Keep in mind , it is not exactly necessary for viewers to have watched the prequel movie , but it does help in back story for events dealing with the white house and the new president played brilliantly by Cherry Jones.This season is the most action packed , story driven , character driven , cliffhanger of a season that 24 has ever produced . You see new main characters , you see the deaths of multiple characters . I wo n't spoil too many details for newer viewers of the show . But we also get the inclusion into the villainy by two top notch actors , Will Patton and most importantly the incredible Jon Voight.And you 'll definitely get irked as I did at the ending of season 7 . For that is the ultimate cliffhanger . Jack Bauer has made sacrifice after sacrifice to protect his country . He 's lost almost everything he could have ever lost . And in the process of defending his country for day 7 , he gets infected by a weaponized gas that has no known cure . Jack Bauer lays dying . His daughter Kim , played by Elisha Cuthbert , arrives to say goodbye to Jack . But Kim is n't ready to let her father go.All I 'll say no is that it 'd better not take as long to give us the answers in season 8 .
 Am still watching -- am on last episode on Disk # 1 . Am writing this pre-mature review to let anyone who enjoys bonus materials , as I do , know that the commentary for the third episode on the first disk -LRB- 10:00 am - 11:00 am -RRB- has two serious spoilers ! It is a good commentary , though , just watch it at the end of the series . I have n't read all 50-some reviews , so others may have warned as well . Anyhow , great episodes , at least on Disk # 1 ... I agree with the positive comments that I have read so far on Amazon.Btw , I like the packaging . Have seen even smaller for this size set and did n't mind that either . Takes up less space on the shelf -- and ultimately , in the landfill .
 ca n't wait for season 8 we did n't watch this on regular tv we waited for the dvd to come out great !!!!!!
 I never thought that this series would last this long , but this season is absolutely amazing!Just when you think that the writing ca n't be any better , they exceed expectations . This series goes deep into the terrorist plots that are both realistic , and complicated . And while it seems a bit far-fetched at times , you will find yourself looking at today 's politics and deciding that it is not altogether outrageous ... this makes the series even more fun.If you have been a longtime fan of 24 , you will love this season!I hope you enjoy !
 Keifer is great as usual ! All of the 24 series has been great . the story line in this one was a bit more lacking than the previous seasons , but still action packed and still a good show !
 Season 6 got a little dry , but this season was sick . Jack is back and he is pretty much the man . I think I counted 77 times that he used the phrase `` you have my word '' in this season . And , you pretty much know that several people will die if he says he 's going to keep his word . Season 7 was full of surprises and twists that I had a hard time predicting . Too bad it 's all coming to an end soon .
 Season 7 is , in my opinion , the best season of 24 since Season 1 . It is filled with numerous plot twists , action and suspense . Every week I was left begging for more and I was never disappointed with how the plots and plot twists played out . If you like fact paced intrigue , while still enjoying strong characters and plot development - 24 Season 7 is a must buy .
 Better than previous years but pretty much more of the same . If you like Jack Bauer and his crew , you will like Season Seven . We enjoyed it .
 After a down Season Six -LRB- too much torture for one thing -RRB- , Season Seven got this awesome series back on track . The usual non-stop action , left me breathless going both into and out of almost every single commercial break . Well-developed new characters and some surprise appearances of old characters , thought to be long gone , added to the heady brew . Very clever of the writers to take the controversy over what some considered a glorification of torture in Season Six and make that very controversy an issue of examination from several angles in Season Seven . Fans of previous seasons of 24 will not be disappointed in this one .
 The Price and shipment was excellent . We are very happy to have it . This is a excellent show . Spell Binding .
 For all the fans of 24 this season is exactly what we hed been expecting . Thrilling and quick paced with new twists at every hour !! Totally worth it !
 Everyone is raving about how they packaged the number of disks into such a small case . Well , I must say it was neatly done and greatly appreciated in my collection of all 7 series that do take up a lot of room . Season 7 was well-written and , as usual , a very timely theme . It was a slap in the face of critics of extreme violence in 24 , leading up to a lame season 6 , toned down and boring to satisfy those that think there is more violence in 24 than there is in Family Guy . They just do n't get it . The world is , obviously , a violent place to live now . This came out pre-Guantanamo Bay closure and indictments for waterboarding and other forms of getting the information needed to protect this country regardless of the means . Jack is Jack - there is no one like him and never will be , and he is not ashamed one bit for doing what he has had to do to `` save the world '' in every season . Yes , the end does justify the means in matters of world terroism . And throughout Season 7 , Jack just put his head up , chin out , and told everyone he came in contact with that he would never have done anything differently . I was shocked by the closure of CTU , kept trying to figure out what was going on with Tony , and respected those who came to understand what Jack is all about . The series can be summed up in one scene where the President askes Jack if she can trust him , and he says - head held high - `` With all due respect , Madam President , ask around . '' I will always think Season 1 was the best , but will watch 24 until the executives take it off the air . Jack is , and always will be , my hero .
 Once the season was over , I was determined to purchase the complete series . This series was one of the best in a while . The price made it easier to purchase . I 'm still waiting for the price of season 4 to get lower , from it 's current price . If you like this season , purchase it now while the price is low , and enjoy !
 What can I say about 24 ? On one hand , the show is known for its unpredictability , twists and turns , all of which were present in season 7 . I miss CTU terribly , so its absence left things feeling a bit scattered . I do n't want to include spoilers in here , but season 7 definitely was in keeping with its history of not being afraid to kill off main characters . Some episodes were shocking , some were mundane . Chloe 's character could have been used MUCH more prominently and provided the viewers with her typical comic relief more . I was hoping for some lingering questions to be addressed
 Season 7 brought it with another ca n't stop watching story line . I have enjoyed all 7 seasons and am now watching season 8 the final season . Hate to see it end . I love suspense and this show never fails to have moments of sitting on the edge of your seat . I would recommend this to anyone who loves drama and suspense as much as I do .
 Exciting ! We have been following all the seasons and this one is just as good as the rest ! Keeps you on the edge of your seat.Highly recommend all of the seasons.You will not not be disappointed .
 This ws one of the best shows on TV . If your looking for smart TV and non stop action this is your kind of show . I ca n't wait until the movie !!
 Not a fan of violence , spy stories , torture , etc. , but for some reason I ca n't figure out , I loved this program . I never watched it show while it was on TV . I heard how violent it was and just was n't interested . I gave in and watched a few episodes because of the consistently good reviews it received on Amazon . Wow , it turned out to be the most suspense filled show I ever watched - and I ended up watching every episode including the extra one , 24 , Redemption . I 'm just sorry it 's over . It kind of spoils you for every other show out there . Thanks Kiefer .
 What a powerful show each episode built anticipation challenging the brain to figure out the puzzle of the plot , each presenting different challenges
 The story line of 24 was excellent . The only thing that I did not like was the packaging . It did not match the size of my other seasons of 24 . It does not look right on my shelf . I know this sound trivial but that is the way I feel .
 24 continues to provide good TV . I 've watched the show from the beginning and continue to enjoy the story lines and Jack Bauer . Great series ! Give it 5 stars !
 I keep waiting to be disappointed with each new series but the excitement continues . Great seeing Tony again .
 Same as usual ... has you wondering who is and who is n't working for the baddies . I personally Love Keifer Sutherland for what he has brought to our TV 's in the 24 series and was extremely happy to get the latest installment . Well worth getting imho . You really do n't want to screw with this dude ...
 It seems the 24 people are able , yet again , to effectively blend white-house drama and intrigue with anti-terrorist field action and adventure into a high-supspense season . Some happenings seem entirely implausable to me , but like so many other viewers , I shrug these off and continue enjoying the show . I do n't see this as the best season of 24 ever , but it is certainly a good season .
 Got ta love the Jack I ca n't stand the suspense of the weekly have to wait for the video and watch at least 4 shows a night and ca n't wait for the next night for the next 4
 Jack is back for a wonderful new season ! This was one of the best seasons yet , with plot twists in nearly every episode . The DVD set is packaged in a much better way than previous seasons , as it is in one normal-sized DVD case . No complaints here !
 Some of the story lines are a bit predictable if you 've been watching since the beginning , but overall , this season is classic 24 . Interesting setup for the next season .
 Personally , I consider myself a `` 24 connoisseur , '' and while this season did n't necessarily disappoint , it did n't really send me into much of a `` WOW '' factor either . Otherwise , it 's obvious that there will be an 8th -LRB- and would n't surprise me if a -RRB- final season . I guess I got ta sit back and wait another 8 months ... : -RRB-
 Jack is back to his usually methods of keeping the country safe as any expense . The government needs people like Jack . Great thriller with may twists .
 I have always found amazon an excellant way to purchase the items that I need . I always get my items in a timely manor as they have stated and have always been happy with my purchase , I would n't want to shop anywhere else.THANKS AMAZON
 After Season 6 of 24 , I was a little worried . It appeared that the show had started running out of ideas , and was starting to veer into completely implausable storylines . However , season 7 was a far better season , and a return to form , thanks to a much needed jolt in the arm with new characters and new locations . The setting is washington DC , the task ... well its 24 so its save america from bad guys . I wo n't give any spoilers or tell the story , but it very much follows the 24 template , a story begins , morphs into another , and morphs yet again . The use of the new FBI characters works well . I especially liked the young Rene opposite baurer , who is starting to show his age . Rene 's youthful vigor and debate over right and wrong plays well with Jack 's do anythiny necessary approach , without coming off nagging . There was also a return of some well missed characters . My only complaint , the new president , and her story , was n't a particular grabber to me . The president is often the basis of the additional story in the show , as their decisions are important and relevant . However , this president seemed a bit week and wishy washy , and her subplots were n't that interesting , and rather predictable . But that 's a small flaw with a very good season of an amazing show . I recomend it to all 24 fans .
 Add this to your collection ! Buy from Amazon . Best price I found and speedy delivery . If you like action 24 is the place to get it !
 Fast shipping and product was as described . I will use this seller again in the future .
 This is a great season and a decent price . Any 24 fan would be glad to get this .
 Its probably a good product but ... Although i paid for it more then 40 days ago and it should have been delivered 8 days later i never received it from amazon.com.When i wrote a mail after 30 days they said i had to wait another 14 days before further steps could be taken.That is over 4 days ... so i hope i will still receive ` something ' and i can write something more about the product .
 This is the best season of 24 ! After season 6 I thought they lost it , but this makes it up ! Even if you 're not a big fan , you will be convinced ! After watching this , you will find no better . . Jack Bauer is the best !
 Maybe not the best season ever , but still very solid . As always they throw so much at Jack that it 's ridiculous , but that keeps it hurtling forward too . And , like other seasons you ca n't think about it too much or the logic falls apart so it 's good that they keep the pace up . I do n't think there was a dud episode really .
 This show had been running for a few years before we decided to give it a spin . Once we did , I ordered the 1st four seasons on dvd and have kept current since . It is the best darn action series ever on tv , IMHO .
 For some reason I 've always found the farther away the show 24 strays from it 's CTU plotlines the more interesting it gets . I 'm not saying it needs more character exposition -LRB- hopefully the show learned THAT lesson season 6 -RRB- , but I mean honestly how many times can California 's anti-terrorist unit -LRB- apparently run by GQ models and ex-Microsoft employees -RRB- get infiltrated before someone notices it 's ineffectivenes ? Thankfully 24 season seven not only gets rid of CTU -LRB- mostly -RRB- but places the show in a much more diverse setting
 The show went off the air and my father was disappointed . I ca n't wait to surprise him with the dvd 's of the season .
 Have you ever noticed , as we speed through the whole twenty-four hours of one of Jack Bauer 's typical day at the office , that there is a lot that he does NOT do . For example , he never EATS , he of course never SLEEPS , he does not even have a GLASS OF WATER , he does not - perish forbid ! - go to the TOILET ... Should he venture into such a commonplace location , it will be in order to have yet another of his deadly fights ! He does not go to the restaurant to EAT like the rest of us either . No ! He only goes there to have a royal shootout with terrorists . No kidding ! There is less action in one of my DECADES than there is for Jack Bauer in a single DAY at the office . I tell you this guy is not quite like us ! Presently I doubt that he is truly human ... You see , I have deducted that he is really an Extraterrestrial . His species only lives ten days , so they have to pack everything into a day ! Watch 24 to get the idea . And get ready for another-lifetime-in-a-day season 8 !
 Season 7 was one of the best and it keeps up the standards of the prrvious one . Tony rocks as the good/bad guy . I really liked the PMC -LRB- private military company -RRB- aspect of it . However , this show needs to get rid of the whole presidents storyline . This new one was just aweful , the lady ca n't act , and she 's not as commanding looking as the guy from The Unit . Now that he 's been gone and Logan 's storyline is concluded , they should just go a different route ; without a president storyline . The only good thing about this one was that Aaron apprears and does some stuff . Also bring back agent Doyle -LRB- Ricky Schroeder -RRB- for the next seasonda nd maybe have him and jack in intertwining stories . But no more politics . It gets old having a terrorist in each season holding the presidnet hostage or blackmailing him . Just do CTU stuff ; the field and the base . No more presidnet storyulines please the last lady killed it for me . But I 'll still watch it . Although if the presidnet stuff continues , I 'll just record it and watch it later . If it 's just CTU stuff , I 'll watch it live on Mondays .
 24 season 7 , while not as great as some of the earlier seasons , was a much better season than season 6 . The BluRay presentation is very nice . There is some grain and light noise throughout the season , but it is never distracting . The image detail is much better than previous seasons of 24 on DVD . The DTS Master Audio track is also a significant upgrade from the Dolby Digital tracks that accompany the DVD releases . While 24 season 7 does n't look as good as seasons of Lost do on BluRay , it is still a noticeable improvement over the DVD and worth owning .
 He is absolutely right . I have pre-ordered may titles -LRB- books and DVDs -RRB- from Amazon and not a single one of them has been charged UNTIL THE ITEM SHIPPED . So look at it this way , season 7 premieres in January , ends in about October , new DVDs hit the shelves for Christmas 09 ... what are you bitching about ?
 Great season !! Since they had already filmed some episodes last year prior to the writers strike , the rest of the season was finished filming last fall , so basically all the episodes are done , which makes for perfect timing of the dvd release , being right after the finale airs in May . -LRB- usually we have to wait months for that to be ready -RRB- , And with these episodes having been as good as they are , i for one can not wait to get the DVD !
 It may take time to amazon to deliver this tv serie but be sure that you are going to receive the best deal and you can see all the serie togheter avoiding waiting for one week in the tv to see the next cap . I have all other seasons and I like seeing this serie several time so at the moment that I receive it sooner ot later I will see it againg without waiting fot a week for the next cap . buy now , recive later and pay when you get it .
 Season Seven is pretty good so far . It 's not as good as Seasons Four and Five , but way better than Season Six , which was the worst of the batch .
 Can you imagine being an actor of Middle Eastern descent , auditioning around Hollywood , hoping to play a dentist , a parent , a regular boyfriend , a butcher , baker , candlestick-maker , anything , anything at all but a terrorist ? But never . You have to be Mr. Evil , over and over again . Look wild-eyed , recite the Quran blow things up . Ridiculous .
 24 is an amazing show , enough said . The quality of the video was as good as watching it on TV if not better , Amazon did a great job with the bandwidth adjustment .
 Many complained about Season 6 -LRB- personally , I enjoyed it -RRB- . If you were one of those , and you stopped watching , give this one a shot . It was a definite return to form . They introduced many new characters and brought back some others in some surprising ways . The 8th Season was the best since Season 4 , but this one was pretty close .
 It 's another season of 24 . What else to say.If you like the previous seasons you will like this one .
 Great action , good suspense , super intrigue , story line excellent . I really like the way the writers tie it all together especially with C.T.U. agents that originated in earlier seasons .
 Huzzah to season 7 of 24 . This is the best season since 1 ! Finally the producers pulled no punches and showed their courage . Great plot twists , great character interaction , great emotional situations for Jack and all the characters to experience . PLUS !! They have a woman president , a woman Jack Bauer in training , and lots of women nerds . Finally 24 made the women characters cool like the men.I want more of this 24 and ca n't wait for season 8 !!!
 WOW if you havent seen 24 you better start . This series is a action pack from start to end . Jack Bauer Rocks .
 I am reviewing the season so far -LRB- as of the first of May -RRB- , which will soon end . In response to those who grumble about when it is available , etc. , I could n't care less when I get it as a set so long as I get it . I think that this is a great season except for one thing . I am sorry to lose Bill . I do n't blame Jack for crying about it . I have no idea why they decided to off him , but I wish they had n't . Otherwise , the series is great . Nor could I care less whether President Obama and his friends like it , which has recently been reported to be the case . If that report is true , he should watch it for a while . He might learn something . The president in 24 may leave something to be desired , too , but she has turned the whole process of defending the country to Jack . Maybe when the series is over , Jack might be available .
 Firstly , I have to say that Amazon 's pre-order process is a win-win-great situation , which I gladly take advantage of . I 'm wondering if season seven will include the ` movie ' Redemption - if it will be considered the first episodes , or should I order it separately ? Anyone have any definites on this ?
 I had n't watched one episode of `` 24 '' during its first six seasons . That was until this year when the seventh season of the Emmy Award winning show made its long awaited premiere -LRB- the seventh season was suppost to have aired last year but was pushed back because of the writer 's strike -RRB- . The Fox network moved one of my favorite shows , `` House , M.D. '' , from Tuesday nights to Monday nights and aired right before `` 24 '' . So I got my first taste of this action packed series , and after viewing all of the episodes of season seven on DVD , now I 'm hooked . The seventh season of `` 24 '' was the best TV series of the 2008-09 season . Yes , it was even better than the two current TV shows that I watched
 Finally Jack is back , season 7 is way better than the 6 . Out on May the 19th .
 As a long time fan of 24 , I have seen the show through its high and low moments . After the success of the award winning season 5 to the disaster that was season 6 , many critics and fans wondered if 24 had any life left in it . Well when the writer 's strike hit , it gave this show the extra time it needed to make Season 7 the best yet . Currently as of this review I can say from what has aired on television that from Episode 1 to Episode 20 it has lived up to the hype.Even though I am currently watching this television show on the air , I still plan on having a 24 season 7 marathon with my friends by re-watching Season 7 from Hour 1 down to Hour 24 when this blu-ray is released . Not to mention the extras , commentary , and behind the scenes footage that is included in this Blu-Ray release is just icing on the cake.If you are looking for action , good story telling , drama , thrills , twists and turns then this is for you . Even if you are a first time 24 viewer , this season can still be enjoyed without having to watch the other seasons . However , you will appreciate the show and characters much more if you view all the other seasons.Please FOX release Season 1-6 on Blu-Ray , so I and many like me can watch 24 in glorious high definition .
 Overall quite a good season . Treason , terrorism , biological weapons etc. . The usual business when it comes to 24 . At first this season was slightly slow in the beginning but after the first plot is resolved , it gets somewhat more hectic . While it does not maybe reach the heights of frenzy of earlier seasons , it does get quite agitated in the second half . It is also slightly less violent than season 6 which makes it less nasty which is good . Then on the other hand there is a lot of `` torture is not ok but i still do it '' blabla by Jack Bauer and even others . This season also does not have the previous series ' potential for racist accusations since now the terrorists are homegrown . This also leads to a slightly oversentimental episode involving some innocent arabs taken into the plot ... my my my ... otherwise it is impressively acted and directed . The only question as always is why the terrorists never kill Bauer ... Ok there would be no series I agree but at times this is slightly unbelievable . Overall it is very enjoyable and as I wrote less violent than some predecessors . Also this is quite cheap and the enw packaging takes less space .
 Season 7 has more twists , turns , crosses and double crosses than the previous six put together ... . Copy that !
 We just love all seasons of 24 even if some of the scenes are unbelievable ... again an action packed , suspenseful TV series that has one hooked & ca n't wait until the next season comes out .
 After Season 6 I thought this show may be ready to jump the shark but Season 7 brought Jack back with a vengence . From the first few minutes of `` 8 AM '' I was perched on the edge of my chair . One of the things I 've always liked about this show is how they put many of the secondary characters on a pendulum and swing them back and forth between the good guy/bad guy classification . You 're never quite sure who to trust . I 'm pleased with this new season and would recommend the series DVD to anyone who wants 24 hours of excellent entertainment ... bg
 Terrific season . Not sure about the packaging . And why did Kiefer Sutherland NOT do a single commentary for season 7 ?
 24 SEASON 7 **** Out of 5Premiere Date - January 11th , 2009Starring - Kiefer Sutherland , Cherry Jones , Annie Wersching , Mary Lynn Rajskub , Bob Gunton , Jeffrey Nordling , Colm Feore , James Morrison , Janeane Garofalo and Carlos Bernard as Tony AlmeidaWhile the 7th season of 24 may not be as strong as the first 5 seasons it did make for a semi return to grace after a some what lackluster season 6 . While I do n't think season 6 was as terrible as some make it out to be , but quite honestly the 6th of season 24 was hardly what it once was . We had some plots that in the end went nowhere and they never quite seemed to find their groove . Fans were disappointed and voiced their opinions , which forced the writers to step up . They have admitted that season 6 was n't fully planned out and a lot of ideas were thought of during the season and it 's quite obvious it was n't fully planned.But season 7 of 24 made for a nice return for the show and while it does lack compared to the first 5 seasons when all was said and done 24 once again showed why many people consider it the most suspenseful and intense show on TV . What helped make 24 such a terrific show also sort of led to their downfall . After the 3rd season a lot of the characters were n't brought back for the 4th season and others would later come back during the season , which actually worked . We had new interesting characters and the fan favorites also came back.Season 5 was pretty much the same way only this time the fan favorites were killed off , which worked since we did n't know what would happen next . Plus the new characters were excellent , but with the deaths of many characters and the twists taken with others in the 5th season the 6th season had a lot of new faces and this time it did n't work . The new characters were boring and the ones that did return were getting stale and barley added to the plot . Many people including myself consider season 5 to be the best and I think that is also why season 6 gets so much heat due to fan expectations . So after season 6 I still liked the show enough to come back , but I did n't have the excitement I once did and I was n't quite sure what to expect out of the 7th season.It 's impossible to really explain the plot since so much happens over the course of the season and it would be impossible to explain without giving away spoilers . So I 'll give a review without going into too much detail to keep this spoiler free.CTU has been dismantled and we now move from Los Angeles where the first 6 seasons were set and now we head off to DC . But the basic plot has Jack Bauer -LRB- Sutherland -RRB- getting ready to stand trial for the methods he 's used on terrorists to get the job done , while working for CTU , but before things can get going the FBI pulls Bauer out of court to help prevent a pending terrorist attack on DC , which is being led by the thought to be dead former CTU Agent Tony Almeida -LRB- Carlos Bernard -RRB- . But of course things are n't always what they seem and what ensues is one of the craziest days Jack Bauer has ever gone through.The 7th season of 24 got off to a really fast start and it seemed like the 24 we came to know and love was back . Due to fan backlash over the sub par season 6 the writers knew they had to step up their game and Tony Almeida who was killed off in season 5 is now back and I ca n't help , but think it was due to fan backlash . Fans refused to accept it and I 've never seen such an outcry over a characters death like this . So now we have Tony back and without spoiling anything this is n't the same Tony Almeida ; he has more of an edge and sometimes you do n't quite know what to make of him and over the course of the day many twists and turns come about with Tony . The explanation of how Tony survived is a bit out there , but works if you do n't put too much thought into it.As I stated 24 got off to a solid start with the first 2 episodes , but it started to slightly slump after a hot start . The problem was n't that it was poorly written , but more of it 's a show that is getting up their in age and there is only so far you can take any show and looking back on season 6 there was some poor writing , but it was more of a show just getting old and thus getting stale ; The Shield is one of the only shows that stayed just as fresh and well written in the end as it was in the beginning . 24 was just getting old and situations that worked in the past just felt a bit stale . But after the hot start things cooled down and it seemed 24 was just getting too old.The problems early on were certain subplots like Henry Taylor -LRB- Colm Feore -RRB- investigating the death of his son . The plot just never really worked and it often slowed down the show and more importantly it just was n't very interesting . Henry 's wife President Allison Taylor -LRB- Cherry Jones -RRB- made for a very excellent character , but her plot just was n't working and as the season went on her plot picked up , but we 've seen this before with past Presidents on this show , but I did find myself starting to enjoy storyline as the season went on clich&eacute;d or not it got more interesting . As for Henry Taylor his plot comes to an end around the 8th episode , which was the wise move since it often slowed the pacing down . That 's not to say the plot was bad , but it just never fully worked either , but it did provide a few jolts at least . And as I said before President Taylor 's plot while a bit of a rehash of past plots starts off slow and while never really epic it does begin to work well mid way through the season.We also have the possible mole in the FBI just like we had almost every season when the show was set at CTU . This plot point at this time in the series is quite tiresome and it should n't be too hard for viewers to figure out the identity of the mole . The plot was n't bad or anything and added some decent suspense , but its something 24 has done far too many times and at this point in the series again it 's quite tiresome . While it worked I suppose , but it was just tiresome.The turning point of the season was episode 12 7:00 PM-8 :00 PM along with the very next episode , which were two of the very best episodes 24 has ever produced and that showed me there is still a lot of life left in this show . I do n't wan na give any details of the episode , but these two were classic 24 -LRB- just suspend your disbelief -RRB- these two episodes were the classic edge of your seat 24 has done many times in the past and after that the season was back off and running . After that 24 got back to being one of the best shows on TV and while it may not be as good as the first 5 seasons it still made for some great TV and the final 4 episodes are among the strongest of the series . The first half of 24 was alright ; again it was n't poorly written , but just a bit stale , but the 2nd half of the season was amazing and 24 still has plenty of life left in it . The final half of the season I would say was classic 24 . The high points of the season were some of the new cast members ; unlike season 6 this season had some truly great characters . The best of the new additions was FBI Agent Renee Walker played by Annie Wersching who along the way channels her inner Jack Bauer . Jeffrey Nordling as FBI Agent Larry Moss was another great character who often stood in Jack 's way -LRB- think along the lines of George Mason and Ryan Chappelle only not as much of a pain as they were -RRB- . But as the season goes on Moss becomes more and more likeable , but still can be a pain at times , but made for a great character , which again was lacking in the 6th season . My only complaint about the 2nd half of the season is too many episodes Jack just sort of sits around and this show now revolves around Jack and having him sit out of missions does n't work . Unlike last season , this time there are solid characters so it makes up for it a bit , but Jack is too Iconic and must always be center stage at least this late into the series.Returning to the show besides Jack and Tony were Carlo Rota as Morris O'Brian , but he plays a very minor role ; Chloe O'Brian -LRB- Mary Lynn Rajskub -RRB- and former CTU director Bill Buchanan -LRB- James Morrison -RRB- . Chloe was a bit under used this year and never really had much of an impact like past seasons and she goes MIA for several episodes and again Chloe never really had much of an impact when she came back and seemed to be there because she is a fan favorite , but Bill was given more to do and he 's just as likeable as he was in the past . Bill is hands down one of my favorite characters of the series and he has a truly classic moment in episode 13 . Elisha Cuthbert makes her return as Jack 's daughter , Kim and this time around her character is n't nearly as annoying as she was in the past and while her storyline was typical Kim Bauer this time it added to the show rather than slowing it down and I actually found myself interested in her plot where as in the past she was just eye candy . Also returning is fan favorite Aaron Pierce -LRB- Glenn Morshower -RRB- last seen briefly in season 6 . Good news is Aaron plays a nice sized role sort of like in season 5 . Jon Voight guest stars on quite a few episodes as Jonas Hodges one of the main villains , but in typical 24 fashion there is always a higher power . Voight is solid in the role viewers will most likely respond well to the character and count down the hours until Jack gets hold of him . But the Hodges character was a slight rehash of some of the motives for characters back in season 2 , but it still works well here.I would have to go back and view the season again to give it a much more accurate review . Sometimes you have episodes that were decent , but they are there to add to what 's coming and when you see it the 2nd time now knowing what will come about you have a new appreciation for the episode now . As much as I loved the first 5 seasons and would count down the days until the next episode aired I 've liked each and every season more the 2nd time around.Most viewers I 'm sure will be most invested in what the deal with Tony is and the character takes a lot of twists and turns over the course of the day and without any spoilers this is n't the same Tony Almeida and by the end of the day his motivations are made quite clear -LRB- viewers should be able to put two and two together before hand though -RRB- . I think all viewers though will be sympathetic with Tony and even if it 's a bit out there he 's still alive his plot actually works well and delivers some tense moments and it was great having him back since Carlos Bernard is a terrific actor.Kiefer Sutherland as Jack Bauer obviously takes center stage and once again proves why he 's one of the best actors working today . Sutherland , 7 seasons in is still giving it his all as the troubled Jack Bauer who is in for yet another day from hell . Annie Wersching though was the scene stealer and deserves a lot of credit for her performance . But Carlos Bernard as Tony was the stand out star of the season ; while Carlos was great on the show in the past this season he is allowed to really show off his talents and the finale he delivers a brilliant and powerful performance.Again the 7th season of 24 may not be as strong as the first 5 seasons , but it was a major improvement over season 6 and when all is said and done the 7th season of 24 was a nice semi return . 24 is getting older and it 's showing its age , but the writers were still able to deliver an action packed and tense season . This season took a little longer to fully take off , but once it does 24 once again provides some brilliant and classic moments and the final stretch are some of the best episodes of the series.As for the Blu-ray release ; the extras are the same as the DVD and are fairly decent . But what makes this release stand out is the picture and sound quality . The Blu-ray is easily one of the bests I have ever seen ; the picture is sharp and simply amazing and the sound is mind blowing . The sound is so good that even if you do n't have extra hook ups for your system this still sounds great and it 's even better with extra hook ups , but the sound quality is awesome ; Even if the features are decent the sound and picture quality more than makes up for it .
 24 is an old friend that was not doing well but is much better . Maybe as good as they have ever been . All the elements are back into place , the twists & turns of the plot , implacable villains , a fast pace and a contemporary story lines . Season 7 pulled all these elements together giving us a classic story that ranks as one of the best.The nice thing about buying the DVD set is you do not have a week between shows and there are no commercial breaks . We watch four to six episodes each night making it even more fun . This is pure escapist entertainment and great fun !
 After a somewhat disapointing 6th season , 24 and Jack Bauer are back with a vengence . The Picture and Audio quality are top notch , and the extras are pretty good , if a bit lacking compared to the other seasons in the series . With a new setting , a familiar and new cast , and a different plot and not about nuclear weapons for once , and a great blu ray presentation , 24 Season 7 is a 24 fans dream come true .
 24 is by far the best of the best of any television show . This show make you sit on the edge of your seat , wondering what will happen next . Thru all the conspiracies , Moles , and the intense pressure for Jack Bauer -LRB- Kiefer Sutherland -RRB- to get to the truth , by any means necessary . It make you think of John McClane -LRB- Bruce Willis -RRB- of Die Hard or The Last Boy Scout , as he gets beaten and tortured and that just makes him angry . `` Hit me again and I 'll kill you '' When its just one of those bad days and this man , who does n't wear a cape or has super powers , uses his skills and experience to stop the bad guys , and save peoples lives . You experience the chronicles of Jack Bauer moments thru a 24 hour day . Each day is a season . Day 7 just ended , with fans thirsting for another day . If you have not seen this show pick up season 1-7 on DVD . Seeing it in Blu-ray made it even better . But be warned
 I just want to say that I am really looking forward -LRB- It 's been only 20 months -RRB- to the new season of 24 . Jack seems to have a new and pure focus , and this time it will not be hampered by a plethora of relatives . `` Hey guys at 24 ! Punch us in the face ... that 's why we keep coming back ! ''
 I forced myself to watch a double-hour episode tonite . Ahhh ... the pain , ohhh ... the inhumanity of subjecting us , innocent consumers to such a double-dose of gross propaganda . Or , like some wiseguy used to say ever since ten-eleven or even nine-twelve
 I see his name in the credits for season 7 . I assume it 's only a flashback cameo since Pres. Palmer is dead , or so we think . That 's what we thought about Tony too .
 LOL at 11 % purchasing Kung Fu Panda . That 's certainly what I 'd buy if I did n't want to wait a year to buy this .
 I am a big 24 fan ; what 's not to like ? I had missed the season on TV , therefore , buying the CD was necessary for me .
 Kiefer is the greatest and I am looking forward to the 24 movie . I loved all the characters in this series , and could hardly stop watching it . The best of this series was from Year 4 on and kept getting bettereach year .
 I have bought all the series so maybe I 'm a little prejudice towards this program , but I like how it is 24 episodes and all revolves in one day . There is action in every episode and the writers leave the ending open each season so there is more to be ready for in the next season .
 I have watched all of the seasons and I think this one is the best so far . I 've enjoyed watching the characters come and go . I like the surprises and plot twists . I have had some problems with the streaming but overall the HD quality is great . I am just sorry this show has to end . Good show .
 thank you - we are enjoying the series `` 24 '' - we did watch it when it was on tv originally , but it is just as exciting the second time around ! there will never be a show as exciting as `` 24 '' hands down !
 Watching this entire series back to back increased the suspense and tension that carries through each show , each season . Never a minute that was n't worth spending on this show . . fan for life .
 - love 24 . I 'm an official collector . Maybe I 'm biased , but its been they only series that has `` hooked '' me since `` v ''
 Complex plot , excellent tension , gripping from start to end . A definite recommendation to people who also like films such as Bourne supremacy etc. .
 I 've already seen the first six seasons and loved them , and am enjoying season 7 just as much . The show is definitely one of the best action series ever . The show keeps you glued and and Kiefer Sutherland is excellent .
 I 'd heard that after episode 13 this series becomes boring
 we have become addicted to the series , and this is one of the best season 's ... the only thing wrong is the way the discs were packaged ; difficult to remove , and re-install ; otherwise , great .
 Amazing !!! One of 24 's best seasons to date . Just be warned ; once you start watching this series , you wo n't want to stop !!! And , when will Season 8 be released ??
 24 has spoiled me forever . There is just nothing like the storyline , the action , or Jack Bauer . This is nonstop action and edge-of-your-seat suspense at its best .
 I love 24 . Item came in a timely manner , in good condition . Nothing else to say !
 Off its heels of its worst season yet , the seventh season of `` 24 '' was given high expectations by fans and critics alike even more than when Season 5 ended back in 2006 -LRB- the show 's best season by far -RRB- . While it met most of its expectations and then did n't , it was a surprise return to form as a show that everyone was starting to think was about to kick the bucket returned with a tour de force attitude.Like any other `` 24 '' season , however , it suffers from filler , outrageous plotlines , but most of them are absent this time , almost equaling -LRB- but not quite -RRB- the amount of filler and ridiculous plotlines of season 5 -LRB- there were hardly any in that season -RRB- . Unlike the previous season , the new cast in season 7 is exciting , engaging , and engrossing . We finally get a new female Jack Bauer , Renee Walker , but she just is n't quite there yet , she has a hard time going above the law to save her country . Her former lover and boss , Larry Moss , heads her FBI unit , who is totally against the man that is Jack Bauer , but over the day , learns that Jack Bauer is n't an evil man , he 's trying to save his country.Cherry Jones commands her role as President Allison Taylor , who is the most liberal president ever featured on `` 24 '' , and a nice departure from the usual president on `` 24 '' . She 's the most free of corruption out of any of the character on the show , and a leader that might be too good to be true in the real world . Carlos Bernard returns from the dead as Tony Almedia , which was a very controversial decision , but it played out okay in the end.More favorites from previous seasons like Chloe O'Brian and Bill Buchanan return as well , but like with all `` 24 '' seasons , key characters and characters we have grown to love and admire are killed off unexpectedly , and even the heroes suffer a fate this time around that might be unavoidable.I 'd recommend renting this product or have seen it first before your purchase it , but all in all , this season was pretty damn good . It 'd be a shame to miss it .
 Honestly , I feel that Season Seven may have been the best season yet . Of course I have my complaints about it , and I 'll run through my complaints quickly :1
 In fact , when I bought season 7 of 24 , I already have seen the serie on a streaming site available in France.As it was not French subtiltled , I must admit I lost some parts of the action because of my poor understanding of English -LRB- obviously not when Ivorian actor Isaak de Banchole spoke in French with the actress assumed to be his wife , both being legal Executives of fictious state of Sangala -RRB- . But I think I understood the majority of the action -LRB- it 's not very difficult -RRB- and I appreciated all the show , waiting eagerly each week for a new episode.As I saw that the DVD was released in the US the morning after the last episode was released , with French subtitles and at a very moderate price -LRB- and the level of the US dollar compared to to the Euro is from some help -RRB- , I could ` nt prevent myself to buy it , so that my wife could see the season and understand it.In France , it will be aired beginning 10th of September , on a cable channel , and not released in DVD before at least one year.The only added value I will get with this cable channel is to see Redemption , with French subtitles and keep it in the case of season seven -LRB- if I could find some place because of the packaging ! -RRB- I have bought a second examplaryof 24 season 7 on Amazon to offer to a friend , fan like us of 24 . Our behaviour has no logical reason
 I have watched every season of 24 the same way
 Just got finished watching this on TV and yes I am one of those `` stupid people '' who will go out and buy this tomorrow . And I will watch it again as soon as I do because that 's just how great this show really is . I cant understand why people who are supposed to be such big fans of the show are actually angry they are releasing the dvd early . Would n't that be what you want?But anyway ... on to the show ... 24 Season 7 will go down as one of the premiere seasons in the shows history . Maybe , from start to finish , the best since Season 1 . After a lackluster Season 6 , I think it was safe to say that the writers and producers of the show had a clear opportunity to start over and start fresh . And they did . What we got was a smart , tight , and extraordinarily acted season with the same raging action and plot twists but still with a different feel to it . By relocating out of L.A and into D.C. we got the chance to see Jack Bauer out of his element for the first time . At first I was skeptical of this , as many were . But after the first episode of the season I realized that my skepticism was for nothing . The move to D.C. was perfect and it brought so much to this season . And as we progressed from twist to twist , from villain to villain , the one thing that stayed apparent was that this season was absolutely brilliant . Nothing will ever compare to the originality of Season 1 . And the show 's creators know that . But they were n't trying to replicate that . Instead they were trying to bring us a season that we will remember , instead of tossing away like we did with season 6 . Season 7 was a triumph and it 's just another example of why we keep watching .
 Like most fans , I was disappointed in Season 6 , but willing to give 24 another try based on its past greatness . Season 7 surpassed my expectations.While 24 is an action show , its best moments for me are the pivotal ones in the lives of the characters we care about so much , especially Jack . -LRB- Like , in Season 2 Jack talking with Kim while flying the plane , then Mason showing up and talking to Jack about what Jack should really be doing with his life ; or , in Season 3 , Jack and Nina 's final confrontation ; or in Season 5 , our last visit with David Palmer . -RRB- There are several such memorable moments in Season 7 . This season benefits from a great cast , including some returning favorite characters -LRB- Tony , Chloe , Agent Pierce , and a couple others -RRB- and some great new ones -LRB- FBI Agent Renee Walker , super talented & resourceful and a possible love interest for Jack in Season 8 - if he lives that long -RRB- , and uber bad guy Jonas Hodges , played to a tee by Jon Voight.Season 7 borrows the more successful plot elements from previous seasons , and does them well in a new context . Jack , once again , is working on the outside , with the help of Chloe on the inside . Jack , once again , must infiltrate a group of bad guys by pretending to be one of them , and must pretend to kill someone he - and we - care about to convince them of his loyalties . There 's a well-placed mole , feeding intel to the bad guys and keeping them a step ahead of our hero . There 's a Sherrie Palmer-like character in the President 's daughter , and , finally , once again , a President with principles - like David Palmer.I am hoping the writers try some different plot elements next year instead of rehashing the same formula . Stop making Jack prove he 's a good guy - sheesh , he 's saved the world 6 or 7 times over , you 'd think people would have learned by now . Give him some real resources and the unconditional faith of the leaders he serves.But , after the disappointing Season 6 , the writers did a fantastic job , and Season 7 brings the comforting feeling of the old 24 magic . Most fans , I think , will easily forgive the writers for reusing some past plot points . And while not all seasons of 24 portray their villains as 3-dimensional characters with plausible motivations , Season 7 gives us a nicely fleshed out villain in Jonas Hodges , and another guy who 's pretty bad reveals his true motivations to Jack in Episode 24 , and it 's pretty plausible and satisfying.In the end , despite the terrorist threats to the nation , and all the great action and stunts and car crashes , Season 7 is more intimate - it 's about Jack facing his demons and about other characters we 've long known dealing with theirs . And as a bonus -LRB- I hope this is n't too much of a spoiler -RRB- , Kim 's reappearance sets things right with fans - she does n't wind up in any cougar traps - far from it - and she makes a positive contribution when it counts most . In my view , everything wraps up perfectly in Episode 24 . The writers do n't explicitly show the actual resolution to certain things , like what Renee is about to do when we last see her , or what will happen after the very final scene . But they show enough to make it clear how things turn out . And it is very satisfying.If you have not seen 24 Season 7 yet , I envy you for the treat you 're in store for .
 I 've watched every episode when it aired on TV , including the season finale , and absolutely loved that I could go out and purchase the entire season on DVD the very next day.The market demand for TV entertainment is changing , and Fox and 24 are leading the way in meeting the demand . New episodes every week , DVD quality episodes streaming online the next morning , and the DVD set released the day after the season finale -- well done .
 After a lengthy hiatus , Jack finally has another really bad day . I do n't know how many more times Jack gets himself out only to be pulled back into the counter-terrorism gig , but 24
 After the grisly maiming of 24 in season six , Jon Cassar and Howard Gordon brought Jack out of the civics lessons of S. 6 and brought them back to the level of intensity and GRAVITAS to 24 . I think that Season Seven , while being very good , suffered from an unfortunately rushed finale that gave a lot of fans pause , considering how dragged out some of the other last few eps of the season felt . It 's hard not to see Jack in all-out action , and that 's where the season started to feel a little lethargic . But in exchange for Jack being on the sidelines for a bit , we did get a GREAT plot twist that I will not give away for those who do n't watch the show near the end that gave a certain important character even more to work with.The themes of the season are two-fold
 I was really angry when 24 was delayed because of last year 's strike . I was wrong . the 24 writers were given time to think about the Season 6 misstep and write a season full of redemption . Folks Jack is back !!!! This season may be the best season ever . I had previously thought that season 4 & 5 were the best . But season 7 is turning out to be full of action , excitement , lots of twist . The producers made an excellent choice for the new President - Cherry Jones and there villians are good too . the actor that played Candyman and the always entertaining Jon Voight is having a stellar career as an older actor . I love Jack 's new FBI female partner . Great show !!!! The best on TV ...
 This was one of the best seasons yet . Although almost everything they do anymore has been done before in previous seasons I still love the show and the characters . This season kept me glued to my seat and wanting more . They keep adding new blood as well as paying homage to the past characters . I ca n't wait until season eight.I loved that it was released the day after the season finale . I hope this is a trend that continues . I hated waiting to get my 24 fix.The packaging was great . I love the slim design and the discs were easy to get out and were organized well . Much better than the bulky sets of the past .
 As season 6 ended , I thought , `` Could this suck any more ? '' But Redemption was less than perfect . However , I lost hope briefly but when I saw the premiere of season 7 , I was astounded at how much better and ` classic ' 24 it was . The plot took unsuspecting turns which made me wonder if the real bad guys were going to get caught , and who was going to die next . Admittedly some plot points were predictable , but you come to expect that from any TV show.The cover was also far better than season 6 -LRB- WTF ? -RRB- with a long shot of Jack - and the box!Excellent performances by major cast members Sutherland , Bernard , Cherry Jones and Annie Wersching add to the astounding season.Bring on season 8 .
 even though i had heard bad comments for this season , i must say that it 's real good . you ca n't enjoy this kind of series if you watch one episode every week from the tv . you have to watch the whole thing on dvd , for example 3-4 episodes every night . This year i will not watch the season 8 online . i will start watching it when the dvd will be released .
 `` 24 '' is another TV show that I have become addicted to . While some of the `` action '' and `` tension '' feel routine after viewing the previous six seasons , I felt that was offset by the many twists and turns in season 7 . Granted , a lot may be fantasy , but the entertainment value greatly offsets the more common place action of this show .
 I had previously ordered this item through an Amazon vendor , who did not follow through with the order . Found out they had cancelled my order , so I immediately got on-line and ordered directly through Amazon . I received the order within 5 days . Amazon is the bomb .
 I have watched all the seasons of 24 on video . There is absolutely no way I can watch them on a weekly basis . This Season is just as breathtaking as the others . Although , I would say that seeing old actors come back in a semi-bad role at first was disturbing .
 Every season has been great - ca n't wait for season 8 . We own them all and love them !
 In contrast to most critical and fan reviews of this show , I thoroughly enjoyed the sixth season of `` 24 '' , yet did not get into `` Redemption '' at all . Thus , as I began the Seventh Season of perhaps the greatest TV show on TV today -LRB- LOST is about the only thing that probably beats it -RRB- , I was a bit concerned about the quality of a season that would be building on the events that transpired in `` Redemption '' . Of course , in typical `` 24 '' style , I should have never doubter the writers and actors ... I was blown away!The seventh season opens with Jack Bauer in front of a Congressional Committee and on trial for torture . This provides the perfect transition into what would become a season of change for the show . Once Bauer finishes his business in front of the Senators who seem to be out to get him , he is called away to help an F.B.I. investigation in Washington . At this point in the show 's timeline , CTU has been shut down for its reckless procedures , so the entire show has a bit of a different feel to it.Of course , Jack Bauer 's task eventually leads him into the thick of a terrorist plot against the United States , and thus once again he is `` on point '' most of the time , with action scenes and surprising cliffhangers that rival any previous season.The true success of this season , though , was its ability to move the show into a new locale while still giving subtle nods to old friends . Renee Walker -LRB- played by Annie Wersching -RRB- and Larry Moss -LRB- Jeffrey Nordling -RRB- morph into very interesting F.B.I. agents over the course of the show , while Madame President Allison Taylor -LRB- Cherry Jones -RRB- more than holds her own in the tradition of David Palmer , Charles Logan , Wayne Palmer , and Noah Daniels.Plus , old friends such as Bill Buchanon , Chloe O'Brien , and Kim Bauer -LRB- in perhaps the most emotional story-arc of the season -RRB- make return appearances , as does Tony Almeida -LRB- although his status as friend or enemy is tough to decipher -RRB- . Yet , as usual , the show really needs to be judged on the intensity/emotions of the Jack Bauer character , and the ability of the writers to inject genuine , thought-provoking political situations into each episode , and on both accounts this season succeeds with flying colors!Thus , even if -LRB- unlike me -RRB- you found Season Six to be a major disappointment , have no fear about purchasing the next installment of the show , as even I will admit that it was probably the best season in a few years . The only other TV show I have ever given 5-star ratings to in every season has been LOST , and that 's some pretty fine company .
 More information prior to purchase about Season Seven would have been helpful . Season Seven held my interest through out each session . The suspense of unlikely outcomes proved to be wonderful . When I figured out the next scene , I quickly became surprised at the turn of events , which I totally missed , and found my self glued to the screen . Overall , it is very good entertainment . I will buy Season Eight .
 Season 7 was very well written . An awesome 24 hours of suprises , twists , & turns !! By far one of the best Seasons since 24 began & that 's an arguable point amongst die-hard fans of the show !! The S7 DVD set is somewhat lacking in the special features compared to the previous 6 Seasons . If you bought S7 , I highly recommend that you also get Redemption as that as all fans of the show knows is a prequel to S7 !! Redemption also has the same special features that the 3 disc special edition has , so I would suggest you save the extra $ 35.00 as you 're actually spending the extra money for a digital copy !! Now that I own all 7 Collector Ed . DVD 's , I can rewatch -LRB- as I already have -RRB- whenever I want !!
 What can I say , well produced , well acted and the script writers , where do they come up with all those great stories . Action packed and as always who in the world would be crazy enough to mess with Jack Bauer .
 I like `` 24 '' a lot.So I wanted to have season 7 to my collection.The product came i perfect condition and it was deliverd to my house in a very short time after the purchased .
 still one of the most entertaining shows on television , but not in the weekly format . the show has to be viewed in a dvd or dvr format where you can watch everything in as few sittings as possible . if you have a week between episodes to think about all the flaws in the show you 'll stop watching . however flaws and all , once you 're in you ca n't stop watching . crazy , over-the-top , unbelievable , and all-too-real - - - nothing compares to the show . it 's the perfect male soap opera . my only problem ? jack did n't say dammit nearly enough .
 With every season it gets more and more interesting . Of course everything has its flaws , but it is hard to find a movie that is so consuming , and holds an incredible level of suspense all the way through . Amazing !
 Hi , I am a Jack fan . Am looking forward to the season 8 to come out to complete the set . Thanks for having it available.MaryAnn
 Love the series `` 24 '' and have all seasons on DVD . Buying this at Amazon is easy and free shipping . I would highly recommend the program as well as dealing with Amazon .
 Jack is back DC style . In my opinion 24 returned back to the level of it 's first several seasons in season 7 . If you are a true 24 fan you will want to add this one to your collection . The discs have plenty of extras and it is shot in HD so the action will jump right at you !!
 Probably the best $ 26 I 've ever spent on entertainment . If you are a fan of 24 then you will love this season . If you 've never seen 24 , then this will surely hook you in . Follow the adventure of America 's greatest hero
 I am a huge 24 fan and have been since the first season . Season seven does n't disappoint .
 This video series came in a timely manner and was a good product . Very Good !
 For a movie with a comic premise not to make light of a serious subject matter such as death , the director must negotiate a delicate balance . To this end , the movie turns out be very refreshing . The two main characters are very affecting and the script is well written with some very witty lines . If I were to wish for something more from this movie , I 'd like to see a slightly beefed up plot and character development . But these deficiencies are nicely compensated by the accompanying sound tracks and the Barcelaona backdrop . Overall , a very enjoyable and somewhat thought provoking movie . A small warning - the subtitles go really fast at the beginning , but you should be able to catch up after a while .
 girlfriend picked this out for us . we almost thought it would be depressing - stick with it and it turns out to be just charming . very real the way the characters relate to each other . we are the kind of couple that definitely prefers non-american romances on screen - this romantic comedy touches you all over in a tingly good way .
 I love this movie . This is the best movie spannish in 2006 . It 's a comedy about suicide and death .
 Committing suicide due to happiness . Is very simple and neat and easy to follow . The music soundtrack is nice as well .
 This is one of the most engrossing and affecting movies which I have ever seen . Highly recommended .
 The Forest for the Trees -LRB- Der Wald vor lauter Baumen -RRB- 2003 dir . Maren AdeOne Stellar Performance 5 * The Forest for the Trees stands or falls on the performance of Eva Lobau as Melanie , and it is on this basis that I give it a guarded 5 * 's . Although a perfectly respectable first effort -LRB- a student project -RRB- , apart from Lobau I would give the film maybe 3.5-4 * 's . But be forewarned that though rewarding , this is not an * easy * film to watch . It is disturbing and cringeworthy , and over and over we want to shout -LRB- metaphorically -RRB- `` No ! do n't go down into the dark basement with the weird noises '' as Melanie digs herself in deeper and deeper.As the film opens , Melanie is moving into a new apartment , assisted by people we later learn are her parents and freshly-ex-husband Bernd . She then introduces herself to a couple of neighbors with `` house warming '' gifts , homemade schnaps . We immediately see the awkwardness , the inappropriateness , that is the crux of the film , though at first Melanie is so cute and so eager to please that it 's hardly noticeable , even endearing.Melanie is also beginning a teaching job , taking over mid-term -LRB- or at least mid-year -RRB- for another teacher . She meets the eager Thorsten -LRB- Jan Neumann -RRB- , the only teacher even roughly her own age . This begins one of the two major threads of the film , Melanie 's difficulties fitting in at the school , where she is shunned and gossiped about by the clannish teachers and terrorized by the unruly students.At home , testing a pair of binoculars for a class field trip , she sees a neighbor across a courtyard arguing angrily on the phone , then crying on the couch . Then one morning she sees the woman and follows her -LRB- presumably . . just one of many little continuity glitches -RRB- to the boutique she works at , and buys a suit for work . At another encounter at the apartment complex Melanie introduces herself and asks Tina -LRB- Daniela Holtz -RRB- over for coffee . Melanie , in her desperate loneliness , goes from cutely awkward/friendly to a pest to creepily intrusive , always playing on Tina 's essential politeness and aversion to confrontation , but also making herself useful , as a confidant in Tina 's fights with a boyfriend or helping set up a party at the boutique.Meanwhile , things go from bad to worse at the school , until Melanie reaches a breaking point both with Tina and at work . Yet throughout , she tries to maintain a facade that everything is going well , not hesitating to make up face-saving stories , often shifting on a dime , that probably do n't fool anyone.The role of Melanie is exquisitely written and acted , heartbreaking and painful to watch . Each nuance , each subtle step on the way to her final dissolution , is precisely portrayed and fully believable , and one just aches for her . We may be repulsed by her deceit and manipulation , but at the same time can understand them . Without a moment of scenery-chewing , Lobau is simply breathtaking , and she is the reason to see this film.This is not to say there are not problems with the film , but they are mostly of the sort common in small indie productions . There are little fill-in-the-blank continuity ellipses -LRB- as mentioned above , we do n't actually see Melanie follow Tina to the boutique , but I think we 're supposed to infer it -RRB- . More to the point I find Melanie 's backstory puzzling . It 's not clear why such a painfully shy person would go into teaching , nor how she managed to get through the training , which I assume includes student teaching . Why did n't she start teaching with her class ? -LRB- And is it really typical of German schools for one teacher to teach such a range of ages and topics ? -RRB- We are given little hints of the development of her isolation , as when she phones her mother , who tries to quiz her on `` what 's wrong '' when all Melanie wants is to talk , make contact . But hints only . -LSB- SPOILER , sort of , but it 's so obscure ... . anyway -RSB- And one thing that , even after 3 or 4 rewinds , I just do n't get is the very final scene . Melanie is in her car , driving along , when she simply lets go of the wheel , takes her jacket off and climbs into the back seat and watches the -LRB- blurry -RRB- scenery go by . What are we supposed to believe is physically happening here , or is this a fantasy ? Like who 's driving ? or is she headed for a crash ? but in that case , she seems to go along smoothly for a long time -LRB- is that just good German engineering ? -RRB- . According to a review on imdb , the director -LRB- at Sundance -RRB- claimed the ending was `` more symbolic than literal '' -- but symbolic of what ? Surely the same effect could have been achieved in a literally believable setting . And why go all `` symbolic '' at the end of a film that 's so relentlessly , painfully realistic ?
 I had borrowed this film from a local library and now I am seeking to find a copy for my collection of films which are overlooked and have that true to life feel . As someone that has reached an age and hopefully taste requiring my selection of films hit a nerve of believability . When the main character , a school teacher , is assigned to work in her first job , I was completely drawn to her performance . I could easily say that one will also find everything about her effort to deal with her students and coworkers a very personal experience eliciting a connection in life . For myself this is what a successful film does and so I am eagerly adding this to my collection .
 Shot on DV by student filmmakers , this harrowing , heartbreaking storyof a socially isolated young schoolteacher 's gradual breakdown has anamazing , complex central performance , as well as strong supportingwork , and intelligent writing.A major case of substance triumphing over form , lack of money , and lackof experience . A film that takes you into the heart of loneliness.Not easy or ` fun ' to watch , but deeply rewarding .
 It 's disappointing that so many people , including professional film reviewers , did n't really get this film . I do n't think that the film is just about the protagonist and her personality deficiencies . The film is about how society in cities can be self-destructive because people expect others to just keep up when instead we should all make children our priority and ensure that the school faculty and other professionals are aided by their peers and their supervisors so that everyone ultimately benefits . Instead , much of modern society is cynical and selfish , and our protagonist suffers not just from her own personal inadequacies and youthful insecurities , but because the assistance she should be entitled to at work and the social outreach that could be mutually beneficial for her neighbors is not forthcoming . I thought the film was riveting , real and amazingly acted with such profound realism . Truthfully one of the best films I 've ever seen . I 've watched it several times , and I totally empathize with the main character . Those that do n't should probably take a closer look at their outlook on the world and its people .
 This movie details several months in the life of a schoolteacher in Germany who leaves a small town to attempt teaching in a more suburban atmosphere . She arrives in her new life with great hopes for friendships , romance , and touching the lives of children in the high school . We soon learn , however , that Melanie Pr&ouml;schle will not transition into the new setting easily.Melanie first has difficulty fitting in with her new co-workers , who are predominantly older . The administration seems to be run by the males in the school , who view Melanie as nave and inexperienced , and do not go to lengths to hide their opinions . Melanie intends to be `` a breath of fresh air '' to the school , however , is immediately met with the impression that no one believes in her ability to succeed at teaching her assigned class
 I guess I like things all tied up in bows , but I was left feeling empty and unsatisfied . I could really sympathize with Melanie and her naive , awkward nature , but I longed for a happy ending or at least one that had resolution.As a teacher I could empathize with her despair at not being able to control a class . -LRB- Been there , done that , and fortunately learned the tricks of the trade . -RRB- But I ca n't believe the administrator of the school did n't step in to try to solve the problems either through assigning a mentor teacher or by suggesting she consider another line of employment . Did n't parents complain ? Where was her support network ? I know this is Germany , but surely there is a system in place to help struggling new teachers.The film was good , but had too many holes . Besides a message of '' let 's sit and watch a loser destroy herself '' , I hoped for more .
 I am not sure it would change them , but I think this movie should be seen by every person who tries to interpose himself or herself into friendships where they are not really wanted . This is especially true of those who convince themselves that they are such nice people everyone should want them in their life , but deep inside really know that they are not wanted . Of course , the more they feel unwanted , the needier they become and they become all the more desperate to find a friend . This movie is about what those more socially adept would probably call a loser.Everybody knows someone like Melanie in this movie . Maybe this movie is an attempt to show socially accepted people how those who are socially inept feel . It does n't say what one could do to help a person such as Melanie ; but it does present enough for a good discussion about it . Does anyone really have the obligation to reach out to such a person , especially knowing that they will tend to try to ` take over ' your life with their neediness?At one point Melanie 's presumed friend says she does n't want her ex-boyfriend to come to a party she is hosting . When , as he sees the party from outside the house , he wonders to Melanie if he should come in . She says it would n't be a good idea . So , he gives flowers to give to her friend . When the ` friend ' finds out Melanie told him not to come , she explodes and asks Melanie to leave the party . Does one 's wish to be free of an unwanted ` friendship ' give them the right to treat an already insecure person like that?This movie is full of situations like that , and makes one really think - Am I like that ? Is my treatment of an insecure person like that making his or her life worse ? There is a lot of feeling in this movie . If it was n't subtitled , I 'd suggest every junior high kid , especially girls , to watch it because it is during those years that the most people feel like Melanie .
 at times creepy , at times painfully pathetic , eva loebau 's performance as melanie is carefully mannered and extremely well done . her loneliness is palpable and her attempts at socializing are awkward and uncomfortable to watch.melanie 's colleagues and students are realistically portrayed . one would feel really sorry for her if it were n't for the nagging sense of frustration one feels because she is so spineless and unassuming . in the end the viewer is left feeling a little deflated . it is a darker story that does n't have a happy and tidy ending ... and it deserves praise for that .
 This is a great film , classic Cagney . No special effects , just pure acting by the best . Story plot begins in WW1 France , two doughboys , Cagney and Bogart dream of life back home . Down and out in the Twenties after the war , they get involved in bootlegging and other vices . They meet up again back in the States and work together ... for a while at least . This movie is worth the small price . Great compared to the garbage that goes up on the screen these days .
 The Raoul Walsh directed `` The Roaring Twenties '' is a seminal gangster flick chroncling the rise of fall of bootlegging resulting from the advent of Prohibition . Returning WW1 doughboy Eddie Bartlett played by the pugnacious James Cagney becomes discouraged , failing to obtain employment . Supported by old friend Danny played by Frank McHugh he turns to driving a cab.A chance encounter with Gladys George playing speakeasy hostess Panama Smith introduces him to the illegal world of bootlegging . He also becomes smitten with Priscilla Lane , who had written him letters as a high school kid when he was soldiering in France and had now grown up to be a beautiful Broadway starlet . Cagney soon becomes a major player in the rackets using a taxi fleet as a front . He is guided legally by wartime buddy and now lawyer Lloyd Hart played by Jeffrey Lynn.While pilfering an offshore shipment of booze with his gang Cagney meets up with another wartime buddy George Hally played by the disreputable Humphrey Bogart , who is captaining the ship . They forge an alliance to form a powerful racketeering syndicate.Things are going swimmingly until Lane dumps Cagney for the straight laced lawyer Lynn , who leaves the rackets . Soon the stock market crash of 1929 puts Cagney on the skids while Bogart buys him out and remains solvent.Years pass and Lynn who now works for the D.A. is about to clamp down on Bogart , who has threatened to kill him . Lane implores the now down and out Cagney to intercede and save her husband.The film concludes in a classic scene on the snowy steps of a church as Cagney shows his mettle by doing the right thing .
 The most complete and humane gangster movie ever packaged . Immersed in news reel style contextual storytelling , with plenty of character driven entertainment . It is astounding how many popular songs of the day are in this film . Cagney is superb and the most likeable `` gangster '' you could imagine . Most of the characters have a story to tell all of their own .
 James Cagney and Humphrey Bogart are WW I buddies from the wrong side of the tracks ; when they come home from the war they get involved in bootlegging . The impression offered is that Cagney is really just a victim of his environment and circumstances , that he 's a good guy at heart . He falls in love with a girl from Mineola , though of course the match can never work . Bogie 's role is very straight-forward
 If you 're a Bogart or Cagney fan and you have n't seen this movie , you have to get it . This has to be one of Cagney 's best performances and definitely ranks as one of the best gangster films of all time ! You wo n't be disappointed ! Peter P.
 This Movie is about three World WarI veterans who come back forgotten . One becomes a lawyer , the two others Gangsters . This movie stars James Cagney as Eddie Bartlett , and Humphrey Bogart as some guy named George . It takes place in April , 1918,7 monthes before the World WarI armistace . In the beginning it shows Bogart in a foxhole , and then Cagney jumps in . Cagney lights 2 cigars for both of them and then another main character -LRB- Lloyd -RRB- jumps in . After the war Eddie is forgotten . He lives with his friend Danny Green , -LRB- Frank McHugh -RRB- and he ca n't seem to find a job . Then Danny lets him drive his taxi cab at night . One night Eddie takes a bag to a bar . He does not know what it is but it really is liquor . The police find it and throw him in jail . A woman named Panama , who he met in the bar where the cops got him , bails him out of jail . After that Eddie changes from a taxi driver to a boot legger . Later in the movie he meets up with George . At first they are buddies , then George plots to get Eddie killed , but Eddie kills him . Then when Eddie is running down the street he is shot . Panama is there . When a cop asks her what his job was she said
 THE ROARING TWENTIES is a gangster film about life in New York City during the Prohibition years after World War I. James Cagney and Humphrey Bogart star as two former army buddies who turn to crime during lean times . A strong supporting cast includes Priscilla Lane , Gladys George , Frank McHugh and Paul Kelly.The climatic scene is perhaps one of the most famous ones directed by Raoul Walsh . He also directed THE STRAWBERRY BLONDE , THEY DIED WITH THEIR BOOTS ON and HIGH SIERRA .
 Hollywood gangster films of the 1930s did more than merely entertain . The producers were careful to insure that each one became a mini-morality play with good in conflict with evil . Evil was usually given a head start with the villains enjoying their ill-gotten gains , but by the time the closing credits rolled , the audience could see that if good did not triumph at least evil had to be punished or contained . In THE ROARING TWENTIES , director Raoul Walsh presents three men who start out on a level playing field . Humphrey Bogart , James Cagney , and Jeffrey Lynn all survive the horrors of trench warfare to return to the United States , only to find that the sociological and economic deck has been stacked against them , forcing each to travel a separate path . Bogart and Cagney choose the path of crime , with Lynn opting for the honorable profession as a lawyer . The twenties was a time of illegal bootlegging and Bogart and Cagney form a partnership of convenience to give the American people the liquor that the government denies them . Yet , they are not alike either in philosophy or methodology . Bogart is your amoral thug , one who takes to his new profession with the gusto that he often brought to his parts in similar roles . When he kills , he does it more for the sheer joy than for the momentary expediency . Cagney kills too , but his killing is only to solve the problem at hand . He takes no joy in it , and he even chastises Bogart for an unnecessary killing of a former despised comrade from their army days . Lynn , who chooses the straight life as attorney , is shown as the man Cagney could have been in different circumstances . Priscilla Lane plays Jean , a girl whom Cagney loves but can not return that love since she falls in love with Lynn . Gladys George is Panama Smith , a rough-speaking yet inwardly noble saloon singer who loves Cagney but sees that she can not compete with Jean . The crash of the stock market in 1929 sends Cagney down the spiral of financial and personal dissolution . He drinks , gets arrested , and loses his money . Bogart , of course , has no trouble adapting to the new political climate . Lynn marries Jean , and when Bogart plans to kill him to insure his silence , she runs to Cagney , asking him to intervene . Cagney shoots Bogart and is himself shot by the police while fleeing . The movie ends with Cagney 's corpse lying on a snowy street and Panama cradling his head . A cop asks her who he was and she replies , ` He used to be a big shot . ` THE ROARING TWENTIES could have been a by-the-numbers gangster melodrama , but the fine acting of the cast elevated it to what is now seen as the cultural pop gangster icon of the era . Further , there is an undercurrent of inevitability , a foreshadowing that the criminal life offers no stable life at all , and all the cars , money , and flashy women can not compensate for the tragic loss of wasted potential . Gangsta wannabes of today might want to see this film to keep this is mind .
 If you have not yet seen the great James Cagney in one ofhis movies , then take a look at this . Mr. Cagney cuts a widepath through this picture , which could have been much lesscompelling with any other actor in his role as Eddie Bartlett . It 's filmed in that wonderful vintage Warner Brothersstyle , which was the reason I first took a look at it . It grabbed my attention and never let it go , all the way to theOperatically tragic final scene . Mr. Cagney gave his per-formance a heart and soul that few actors have rarelymatched , and he did so with a seeming effortlessness.Ironically , he was , in real life , an artist and a gentlemanwho represented everything that Hollywood was not -- he apparently led a life of modesty , generosity , and integrity . He also appeared to lack any of that complicationthat comes from being self-absorbed . I am thrilled to saythat I had the opportunity to -LRB- briefly -RRB- personally meet himafter a private screening of this film , several years back.I am delighted to be able to say that he was warm and en-thusiastic about my liking this movie , so I can tell all the restof his fans who have n't met him that he was glad to havepeople appreciate his work , all these years later . And , I havealso found , in an antique mall , an autographed photo ofMr . Cagney 's . It is something I will treasure all my life.Anyway , let me just say that The Roaring Twenties , if younever have seen it , would be a terrific introduction to thecreative whirlwind known as James Cagney . You 'll love it.By the way , I 'm not Larry Francis -- my name is Colin , and I '' mhis step-dad in-law . fo
 Raoul Walsh 's `` The Roaring Twenties '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- is an unintentionally laughable little bit of business that , at the time of its release was nominated for a Best Picture Oscar . It stars James Cagney as Eddie Bartlett a jobless war veteran whose rags to riches story is something ripped straight from the cliched pages of the American dream . He starts out a cab driver but winds up in charge of a fleet of taxis . Of course none of this is possible without the financial backing of old fairweather pal , George Hally -LRB- Humphrey Bogart -RRB- a bootlegger who uses Eddie 's cab service as his own private delivery service for booze , booze and more booze . Lloyd Hart 's -LRB- Jeffrey Lynn -RRB- aspirations of going legit ' by practicing law go slightly awry as he takes on Eddie as a partner . As the years roll on , all flows like vintage champagne until love and rivalry over the goody-two-shoes , Jean Hart -LRB- Priscilla Lane -RRB- interfere . Gladys George is in it too , as the long suffering , knock about his gal Friday to Eddie - who 's absolutely oblivious to the fact that her feelings for him run deep.What is particularly humorous about `` The Roaring Twenties '' today is its dated aversion to taboo spirits . In one montage we see teens and college students slipping one another mickeys at the malt shop while a voice over speaks ominously of the perils of getting stoned . It 's all fun and games until someone wraps their car around a tree during a hairpin turn . So much for celebrating the good times!Warner 's DVD transfer is particularly pleasing . Though there are several instances where second generation print material has been substituted for original camera negatives , the gray scale overall is nicely balanced and quite pleasing with rich and deep blacks and generally clean whites . Some age related artifacts and film grain are present throughout , particularly in the stock footage - but nothing will distract you from this fond farewell to the gangster era . Extras include a newly produced featurette . Film historian Lincoln Hurst does a good job of summing up the film , while Leonard Maltin delights with his summation of 1939 with `` Warner Night at the Movies . '' Highly recommended !
 The 1930s was the decade of the gangster film - it began with Edward G Robinson 's `` Little Caesar '' and Jimmy Cagney 's `` Public Enemy '' and ended with Cagney and Bogart in `` The Roaring Twenties '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- . It was the last film in which Cagney and Bogart both appeared . Prior to this , Bogart had played second fiddle to Warner 's biggest star -LRB- e.g. , `` The Oklahoma Kid '' , `` Angels with Dirty Faces '' , `` Dead End '' -RRB- , Jimmy Cagney , but in 1941 Bogart starred in `` High Sierra '' and `` The Maltese Falcon '' and from that point onward , Bogart became a big name star , eventually surpassing Cagney in 1943 on the tail of his performance in `` Casablanca '' . The film is based on real life bootlegger Larry Fay , who was shot to death in 1932 by a doorman at his nightclub . But unlike Fay who was over 6 feet tall , diminutive Jimmy Cagney starred . Cagney was one of the biggest stars of the 30s , was nominated for an Oscar for his work in `` Angels with Dirty Faces '' in 1938 and won for his 1942 portrayal of George M Cohan `` Yankee Doodle Dandy '' . `` Roaring Twenties '' was Cagney 's pen ultimate gangster role , waiting more than 10 years for his finale in `` White Heat '' -LRB- 1951 -RRB- . But while he is best known for his gangster roles , the majority of Cagney 's screen appearances were not as a gangster - he played an insurance salesman -LRB- `` The Millionaire '' , 1931 -RRB- , en engineer -LRB- `` Other Men 's Women '' , 1931 -RRB- , a boxer -LRB- `` Winner Take All '' , 1932 -RRB- , an auto racer -LRB- `` The Crowd Roars '' , 1932 -RRB- , a Broadway producer -LRB- `` Footlight Parade '' , 1933 -RRB- , etc. . Indeed , Cagney often appeared in comedies -LRB- e.g. , `` Here Comes the Navy '' , `` Hard to Handle '' , `` Jimmy the Gent '' -RRB- , although it was his gangster films that earned the really big bucks.The Roaring Twenties follows the lives of 3 WW 1 veterans from the end of the war through the end of prohibition . Cagney and Bogart play gangsters and Jeffrey Lynn plays their friend who goes straight . Priscilla Lane plays the girl that Cagney and Lynn both love , and ultimately , Cagney sacrifices himself for Lane 's happiness.Priscilla Lane was part of a sister singing act popular in the 30s . They appeared in several films , including `` Four Daughters '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , `` Four Wives '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- and `` Four Mothers '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- . Since she was a singer , Raoul Walsh had her perform 3 songs in the film - `` It Had to be You '' , `` Melancholy Baby '' and `` I 'm Just Wild About Harry . `` Despite the success of the film her career floundered as she was particular about what types of films she appeared in . Warner Brothers already had enough trouble with stars like Bette Davis and Jimmy Cagney , and did n't look kindly on a B level actress asserting herself . She was assigned roles in minor films and Warners terminated her in 1944 . Broad faced Jeffrey Lynn was in the Lane sister films . He lost out to Leslie Howard as Ashley in `` GWTW '' but got good reviews for `` Roaring Twenties '' and went on to successful roles in `` The Fighting 69th -LRB- 1940 -RRB- with Cagney again , `` Butterfield 8 '' -LRB- 1960 -RRB- with Elizabeth Taylor and `` Tony Rome '' -LRB- 1967 -RRB- with Frank Sinatra.Raoul Walsh directs with his usual Warner 's panache . By 1939 Walsh was already an old hand at the gangster film . His 1915 silent film `` The Regeneration '' is the oldest surviving feature length gangster film and Walsh , in his auto-biography , claims it was the first . It was Walsh 's idea to combine the good and bad elements that had been separate in the Western film hero and villain , into a single person , the gangster , who would both attract and repel the viewer . `` Roaring Twenties '' was a big success and Walsh went on to even greater fame with such major productions as `` Dark Command '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- with John Wayne -LRB- Walsh had discovered Wayne in 1930 -RRB- , `` They Drive By Night '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- and `` High Sierra '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- with Bogart , `` They Died with Their Boots On '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- with Errol Flynn , and `` White Heat '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- with Cagney . He declined noticably in the 50s after he left Warner Brothers , but his 50 + year career made him one of Hollywood 's most memorable directors , and his work in `` The Roaring Twenties '' showcases Walsh at his fast paced best.The film did well at the box office and had good reviews -LRB- `` great hunk of entertainment '' -RRB- but was n't nominated for any awards as it appeared in the same year as `` GWTW '' , `` Stagecoach '' , Wizard of Oz '' , `` Goodbye Mr. Chips '' , `` Mr. Smith Goes to Washington '' , `` Drums Along the Mohawk '' , etc . It launched a nostalgia craze on radio programs and in both `` Life '' and `` Look '' magazines . The final line of the film , `` he used to be a big shot '' was repeated for decades
 Who is there today to match these personalities ? No modern actor comes even close to Cagney and Bogart , and those girls are n't far behind . Sparkling , crackling dialogue , compelling script
 I do n't even like this kind of movie and I found myself totally engrossed with my mouth open from the beginning to end of this unique movie . Raoul Walsh 's directing is flawless . The documentary approach to the narrative story gives us such a fascinating overview of and insight into the energy of that decade . Cagney -- well , what can you say about another brilliant performance by Jimmy Cagney ? Priscilla Lane and of course Humphrey Bogart are also terrific . A must see !
 This movie offers a overview of the Prohibition era with Cagney and Bogart in top form as old Army buddies who end becoming gangster rivals . This movie is a combination gangster picture and semi-romance between Cagney and Lane . The film had action , comedy and romance . The ending alone is worth a couple of stars . I believe that no gangster film collection is complete without this movie - it 's a must have/must see movie .
 Saw this for the first time and it 's a crackerjack . Right from Cagney 's opening line in the fox hole -- `` whaddya want me to do , knock ? '' -- the movie blasts along . Nearly every scene with Cagney and Bogart is a gem , with the two quintessential screen tough guys sizing each other up and down and sideways . Bogie 's great as the bad apple -- gets to speak some brilliant lines which he delivers with that trademark malicious twinkle of his . Cagney is great in a different way -- everything about Eddie Bartlett is interesting , from the way he walks and talks to the frequent glimpses you get of something a little more heartfelt . Gladys George is magnificent too as Panama Smith and her mostly unspoken allegiance to Cagney hits an astonishing range of notes . And what about the stunning Paul Kelly as Nick Brown ? There 's a hefty role filled out to hoodlum perfection . I 've seen a bunch of Cagneys now and this is hands-down my favourite . Looks , sounds and feels like the real deal to me -- a Goodfellas from 1939 . Boy that Raoul Walsh made good movies !
 To call this just a gangster film would not do it justice , for it is so much more , as it 's fearless creator , the great RAOUL WALSH , intended . James Cagney gives one of his most heartbreaking performances as a WW1 vet pushed by unemployment into the open arms of crime and despair.Walsh 's themes of fear , humanity , loneliness and sexuality envelope this , one of the greatest Hollywood movies ever made , with one of the saddest yet most beautiful endings ever filmed .
 This dvd was very fun and enjoyable to watch and is in excellent condition with no scratches at all . I was also impressed by the fact that it arrived within just a few days of submitting my order . This seller is obviously a professional who cares about his/her customer service and I 'd highly recommend this seller in the future .
 Warner Bros looking into the recent past to bring to life the era of the bootlegger and the Tommy gun . Cagney as a bootlegger who makes it to the top only to fall . Bogie in his early career as the guy Cagney and Robinson got to kill . At that point in his career an exec at Warner Bros once said , `` If you need a sniveling bastard , get Bogart . '' In a year that saw GONE WITH THE WIND , WIZARD OF OZ , DARK VICTORY , DODGE CITY , JUAREZ , STAGECOACH , DESTRY RIDES AGAIN , GUNGA DIN , BEAU GEASTE , THE FOUR FEATHERS and on and on . ROARING TWENTIES is in good company . Like the western , the gangster film is something uniquely American -- a romanticized version of history .
 What a great gangster movie from the golden age of gangster movies . Cagney and Bogart are a perfect team . The story is above average , though not fantastic , but the stars carry it through in top fashion . Thoroughly enjoyable . Cagney in particular was exceptional , as his character 's fortunes rose and fell . One question I have , who played `` Lefty '' ? The actor looks a lot like Edward G. Robinson , but is unbilled in the credits . I do n't think it 's Robinson though as by the time of this movie -LRB- 1939 -RRB- he was a very big star himself and unlikely to have a part as small as `` Lefty '' . Still ... . I 'd like to know who it was . Final summary , great film with two great stars = 5 stars .
 This movie shows Cagney getting pulled into a life of crime , and we see how he goes from a regular , likeable Joe into a ruthless gangster . It 's a great story and Bogart gives a great turn as Cagney 's partner in crime . This is a brilliant gangster movie and pure entertainment . Great stuff!Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys
 I caught this most poignant of gangster films on TV a few weeks ago , and I was so moved by James Cagney 's performance ... it is a cryng shame that only a handful of his movies have been released on DVD . Please , Warner Brothers , how about giving this gem a shot at the big-time ?
 This film deals with the rise and fall of a ex-army man turned gangster -LRB- Cagney -RRB- . Cagney 's allstar performance couples with Bogart 's to give the viewer the thrill of what it was like to be a gangster in the twenties . Co-starring the beautiful Priscilla Lane -LRB- Cagney 's main love interest -RRB- the spice of a romance gone sour is added . If you have not seen this movie it is a must see and is great to add to a collection of classic films . Action packed , comedy , suspense , thrills , and romance , it is one of the best films that I have ever seen !! A definte 5 star film for both Cagney and Bogart fans .
 A well written and well acted film . Cagney at his best and Bogie starting to feel his acting oats with his career about to take off.Would work even in a history class . This is not a story of evil vs. good but a grey area brought out by circumstances . It points out that fate is not always kind and no matter what decisions you make there are no guarantees , be they evil or good decisions .
 My husband has always been a big James Cagney fan . We started a collection for him for Christmas . Can not find these movies in stores . Picture is crisp and clear for a very old movie . Thrilled with purchase . Have bought many more on Amazon so far . thanks !
 Wish I did n't have to write more to compete this survey . Shucks . Wish I could leave this page before writing the minimum required .
 Always loved this movie . Finally the powers that decide this put it out on DVD . However , the price was way out of line . This is not a shootem up gangster flick , even though there is some of that . It doeshave a romantic subplot and a glimpse into life in 20 's .
 Even though the principal actors have passed and the movie was made in the 1930 's , the quality is superb and how can you not like Jimmy Cagney . I have many black and white classic movies from Bogart to Mitchum to Cagney and I defy any one today who can prove that todays movies rate in the same class . I stopped going to the movies a while back . Why should I pay for crap when I can watch these classics any time night or day in the comfort of my own home . And yes I have seen Casablanca over 50 times and still find something new each time I watch . Try saying that about todays movies .
 This film has Cagney and Bogart , a good plot , a lot of action , and a love story . Cagney kills the totally bad Bogart , Bogart kills the semi-good Cagney -LRB- I know-just see the movie -RRB- and you will enjoy every minute of this movie .
 I first saw this film when I was 19 and I became a fan of both Humphrey Bogart and James Cagney . While its debatable as to whom was the bigger star -LRB- both reached their apex by playing gangland antiheroes and were Oscar nominees during their careers -RRB- , in this film , both men are at the top of their game . A modern day comparison might be the pairing of Pacino and DeNiro in 1995 's Heat.The Roaring 20 's starts out in 1919 and George Hally -LRB- Bogart -RRB- , Lloyd Hart -LRB- Jeffrey Lynn -RRB- and Eddie Bartlett -LRB- Cagney -RRB- are soldiers home from the war , all of whom are down on their luck , and are part of a generation of dreamers who want to make it big . After prohibition becomes the law of the land , Eddie -LRB- now a cab driver -RRB- is introduced into the bootlegging racket through Jean -LRB- Priscilla Lane -RRB- , a nightclub singer who as a teenager was smitten with him . She introduces him to a bootlegger named Panama Smith -LRB- Gladys George -RRB- . Eddy , George and Lloyd meet up again , only now George is also into bootlegging and Lloyd is a lawyer . They team up to form an illicit triumvirate operating a bootlegging empire . It does n't take long before George begins emulating the ruthless manner of his rivals and predecessors , as the men in their line of work must operate . Because of a bad deal with George and the stock market crash , Eddie loses his money and is again down and out , but now he attempts to wash away his woes with booze.By this time Jean has fallen for and married the more stable -LRB- and legally employed -RRB- Lloyd . At first Eddie is hurt by the news , but over time he realizes that Lloyd is good for her . However , George is now a kingpin in the bootlegging game , and he wants to murder Lloyd , who now works on the side of the law and knows the inner workings of his organization . Because he still has feelings for Jean , Eddie becomes engaged in a confrontation with George.Crisp dialogue -LRB- for example , Eddie tells one rival before shooting him , `` Here 's one rap ya wo n't beat ! '' -RRB- There are other great lines , including Panama 's last line of the movie -LRB- which I wo n't give away -RRB- . The movie is fast paced and makes the film seem shorter than its 106 minutes -LRB- I beieve this Warner Bros. version trimmed some scenes -RRB- . The Roaring 20 's was released in 1939 and was no doubt lost in the shuffle when Academy Award nominations came out . The films that were nominated that year were Gone With the Wind -LRB- which won Best Picture , Director and Actress and Best Supporting Actress -- Vivian Leigh and Hattie NcDaniel -RRB- , Dark Victory , Love Affair , Mr. Smith Goes To Washington , Goodbye Mr. Chips -LRB- Robert Donat won Best Actor -RRB- , Ninotchka , Of Mice and Men , Stagecoach -LRB- Thomas Mitchell won for Best Supporting Actor -RRB- , The Wizard Of Oz , and Wuthering Heights . This is arguably the grandest year for filmsmaking .
 I heard this movie mentioned on TCM as being the best gangster film that Warner Brothers Studios put it out & I ordered it on that basis . It was an interesting story about a guy who came back from the war & got a raw deal when it came to finding a job , so he went into organized crime . Towards the end you realize that he still possessed a shred of humanity . A good period piece .
 In 1939 the world was moving on . Warner Brothers , the Hollywood studio that owed its existence to Prohibition and the Volstead Act , was slowly weaning itself from gangster movies . The genre 's greatest star , James Cagney , was heartily sick of playing gangsters - How many ways can you hit a guy , anyway?THE ROARING TWENTIES , from the story `` The World Moves On '' by popular Broadway columnist Mark Hellinger , was ` a memory ' of the era Warners mined so successfully , and profitably , in the thirties . It stars Cagney as Eddie Bartlett , a more-or-less good guy who fought in World War I only to return to a country that did n't quite know what to do with all of her returning soldiers . Bartlett 's two army buddies figure prominently in his eventual rise and fall - the slimy George Hally -LRB- Humphrey Bogart -RRB- and golden boy Lloyd Hart -LRB- Jeffrey Lynn -RRB- . Bartlett 's first touch of the Big Bottom occurs early on after his return . The job he 'd thought was waiting for him when he got home is filled by someone else , and soon enough he sees and grabs at the opportunities presented by Prohibition . Bartlett 's ascent begins when he begins to manufacture his own bathtub gin . Along the way Barlett enlists the services of old foxhole buddies Hally -LRB- right-hand gunsel -RRB- and Hart -LRB- legal advisor -RRB- . Bartlett goes into the speakeasy business with Panama Smith -LRB- Gladys George -RRB- and falls hard for pretty young Jean Sherman -LRB- Priscilla Lane -RRB- . Of course it 's lonely at the top , and with treacherous associates like Hally and rivals like Nick Brown -LRB- Paul Kelly -RRB- , precarious as well.Cagney may have been sick of playing gangsters by 1939 , but it 's hard to tell that from his performance . There 's just something right about everything he does with a character who has to travel , convincingly , from the gutter to the penthouse , and then back again to the gutter . It 's a consummate performance , and director Raoul Walsh , best known as an action director , handles the intimate moments with delicacy and sensitivity . Barlett 's forlorn love for good-girl Jean , with good-boy Lloyd lurking around in the background , is doomed from the start , and Walsh and Cagney explore it to good effect . Gladys George 's Panama 's miscast affections are also delicately painted . Walsh balances the quieter moments with action scenes that would have fit comfortably in the later-day gangster films of Coppola and Scorsese . In fact , the shootout in Nick Brown 's diner is an obvious template for a similar scene in The Godfather.THE ROARING TWENTIES is a masterpiece . The transfer print is in very good condition - I was so wrapped up in the story I really did n't notice any flicks or flacks . Warners has loaded this one with fun extras . There 's a twenty minute feature titled `` The Roaring Twenties
 A breakthrough for director Walsh , this classic boasts electric performances from both Cagney and Bogie . Consistent with most Bogart portrayals from the thirties , his George Hally is a low double-crosser who puts the screws to honorable -LRB- in his way -RRB- Eddie . Consistent with most Cagney roles , Eddie gets his revenge . `` Twenties '' is a worthy swan song to the glory days of the gangster picture -- and just wait for that immortal closing line of dialogue .
 One of my all-time favorite gangster movies . The Roaring 20 's features James Cagney at his best as a returning WWI vet who has lost his job , turns to bootlegging and muscles his way to the top . Cagney is at his wisecracking tough guy peak in this and he is given a run for his money by Humphrey Bogart as his WWI buddy turned partner turned rival.The movie traces these characters through the tumultuous speakeasy days . Cagney 's character falls for a young singer who is in love with a young straightshooting attorney . Eddie -LRB- Cagney -RRB- has one loyal admirer in Panama Smith an aging speakeasy manager who is played flawlessly by Gladys George . She delivers the most memorable line in the movie `` Get a Victrola - Jughead '' . The story culminates with Eddie being ruined financially and having a showdown with Bogart 's character that results in the death scene to end all death scenes . Cagney 's staggeriing down the street and collapsing on the church steps after being shot has been often imitated but never duplicated.A great movie and a piece of film history that stands up to repeated viewings .
 This movie - the pluperfect example of the Warner gangster film - seems a better film today than at the time it was released . Directed with flair by Raoul Walsh , it moves at a cracking pace and is especially well cast with a gallery of Warner Bros regulars . Cagney dominates the picture with one of his most likeable and poignant performances , always full of humour and above all humanity . The attention to period detail is outstanding and especially , with regard to its music score - a brilliant collage of contemporaty popular songs woven into a marvellous dramatic score by that unsung genius , Ray Heindorf who also provides the knockout orchestrations.The finale is pure magic , as Cagney dies in the arms of Gladys George , on the steps of a large church -LRB- one of the most ubiquitous standing sets on the Warner Lot - Bette Davis runs up those steps at the start of Deception -LRB- 1946 -RRB- and it stood in as a Court House in a dozen films -RRB- . Bogart makes a great ratfaced crook and his verbal sparring with Cagney is a delight.The DVD is all one could ever wish for - a sparkling restoration with terrific sound and a host of extras to delight the most discerning of buffs . My only quibble - for some weird reason , my copy lost synchronisation bewween sound & picture for about 15 minutes -LRB- Reel 2 ? -RRB- . However , I have seen other copies and it was fine.Bravo Warners ! This great film is now immortally preserved and its stature can only grow with each passing decade .
 They just do n't make 'em like this anymore and the primary reason is because there simply are n't stars around like Jimmy Cagney and Humphrey Bogart . Not only were these two huge superstars , they were both phenomenal actors with rare screen presence . This is their best -LRB- and last -RRB- movie together and it works because of their dual performances , especially Cagney in the lead role . Try and take your eyes off him throughout the fil , it 's practically impossible.The script contains many instances of unintentional humor and the lingo used throughout is typical for the gangster formula of the 30 's . Words like dame , broad , chintzy , dough and palooka are sprinkled liberally throughout and Cagney delivers them with his typical bravado which is so charming and so unique to him . He is a true treasure and his gangster persona reaches its apex here as the good guy gone wrong . Bogey , on the other hand , is pretty sadistic throughout and there 's nothing to love about him . But hey , it 's Bogie , so you love him in spite of yourself . Priscilla lane is excellent as the girl Cagney loves but who does n't love him back . One wonders whether her character had a set of eyes
 That 's the symbolism at the end of `` The Roaring Twenties '' , my all-time favorite James Cagney movie . What a joy to watch Cagney as he plays Eddie Bartlett , a doughboy who ca n't get a job after WWI , and who stumbles into the racketeering world by accident . It 's a world about tuxedo clad toughs who pack heaters and gats , and speakeasies raided by cops on the make , two-timing ingenues and shady ladies with hearts of gold . And ultimately , a world set right by truth , justice , and the repeal of Prohibition . Supporting Cagney 's gangster protagonist is a wonderful ensemble cast . Gladys George has been around the block , but gets stuck on Eddie ; Priscilla Lane is the baby face that Eddie 's ga-ga about , who sings `` Melancholy Baby '' , `` It Had to Be You '' and other great songs of the period ; Frank McHugh is Eddie 's sidekick from the trenches to the big time ; and Humphrey Bogart is the rat fink who chisels and kills with very little effort or remorse . `` The Roaring Twenties '' is a great movie about a good boy who fell in with the wrong crowd , expertly put over by that prince of the gangster movies , James Cagney . Take it out for a little ride back to your VCR .
 The Roaring Twenties came at the end of the gangster cycle of movies in the Thirties , and it 's a fitting end . The film takes sort of a documentary approach to the era of Prohibition , from its beginning to its finish after fourteen years . At the same time , it chronicles the rise and fall of a gangster played by James Cagney , who becomes a big shot , only to lose it all . Cagney is , as usual , riveting in his role , with some great scenes at the end of the movie . Priscilla Lane is the idealized love of his life who can never return his love because of her dislike for his lifestyle . Gladys George is excellent as Panama Smith , a speakeasy hostess who really is Cagney 's soulmate , even though he does n't realize it . Humphrey Bogart has another one of the bad guy gangster roles that he had a lot of in the Thirties . The movie is well directed and moves along quickly , and although it does n't really offer anything new to the gangster film genre , it does give the viewer a good overall look at the era , with a finale that is truly memorable . It 's worth seeing .
 Humphrey Bogart & James Cagney give sterling performances as rival gangsters in this great film . They sure do n't make 'em like this anymore ; and if you decide to add this to your collection of classic films , be sure to get it in the original black & white version-it is a real `` crime '' to colorize all the wonderful old classics ! END
 You should know that I absolutely adore James Cagney and will consider him one of the greatest actors of any generation for as long as I am alive . The man was spectacular , and while he certainly had his niche , he brought too much to it over his fantastic career . Cagney was one of the greats , a man who could really evoke such raw and authenticated emotions with nearly every character he took on . While he played roles that could lead him to be type-casted , he always made each performance stand on its own ; giving a deserved life and uniqueness to characters that , on paper , could seem almost too similar.Case in point ; ` The Roaring Twenties ' . The film follows the tragic eventualities of World War I soldier Eddie Bartlett . Upon returning home from the war , Eddie found that picking up where he left off was n't so easy to do . The current state of the economy made it nearly impossible for him to find a steady , well-paying job , and with the rent due he was bound to be homeless and desperate very soon . So , with nowhere else to turn , Bartlett gets wrapped up in bootleg liquor and other illegal activities that slowly -LRB- but steadily -RRB- drive him to the brink . In the mix is a young love interest who stole Bartlett 's heart through letters overseas , as well as a fellow bootlegger , Panama Smith , who finds herself falling for a man who has ignorant eyes for another . And still , shaded even more , the bonus of a purely evil Humphrey Bogart finds ` The Roaring Twenties ' truly ` roaring ' . I had an issue with the film 's insistence on a documentarian feel , with newsreel announcements that took away from the authentic feel the actors brought to the film . It just derailed the film at parts , for me at least . Some of the stereotypical plot turns took away from what this film ` could have been ' , and at times it became a little too soap operatic in its character approach , but despite sketchy areas in the script , the actors as a whole brought so much realism to the roles that you eat up every word and action.James Cagney is at his best here , but he is aided immensely by a stellar supporting cast that includes Bogart -LRB- an actor I never felt showed much range but who certainly lived in the genre he helped make famous -RRB- as well as an effecting Gladys George and a beautiful Priscilla Lane.The production and direction is slick and perfectly paced , and the acting is on par with the greats from that year -LRB- yes , this is another classic from 1939 -RRB- . In fact , Cagney should have been Oscar nominated in my opinion , and possibly even Gladys George ! If you are a fan of the genre of Cagney then this is a must see film you most certainly will appreciate .
 Warner Bros. . Pictures presents `` THE ROARING TWENTIES '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- -LRB- 106 min/B & W ;-RRB- -LRB- Fully Restored/Dolby Digitally Remastered -RRB- -- Starring James Cagney , Priscilla Lane , Humphrey Bogart , Gladys George , Jeffrey Lynn & Frank McHughDirected by Raoul WalshBased upon an idea by Broadway columnist Mark Hellinger , The Roaring Twenties opens during World War I as Eddie Bartlett -LRB- Cagney -RRB- , Lloyd Hart -LRB- Jeffrey Lynn -RRB- and George Hally -LRB- Bogart -RRB- discuss what they will do when the war is over . Bartlett wants to go back to repairing cabs , and Hart yearns to be a lawyer , but it becomes clear that Hally has less reputable plans in mind for himself . Come the end of the war , things are not as easy for veterans like Bartlett as they should be . He is unable to get his old job back and ends up driving a cab for little money . One night he is asked to deliver a package -LRB- which turns out to be whiskey -RRB- to an address that turns out to be a speakeasy . This starts him on a life of crime , as he gets deeper involved as a bootlegger . Things are not made easy by a rival bootlegger who turns out to be Hally . The two join forces and prosper . Hart shares in their prosperity , as Bartlett engages him to take care of his legal matters.Bogart 's portrayal was interesting as we watched him coldly murder an ex-army sergeant who had given him a rough time in the serviceIt is impressive the capacity of the screenplay writers and director Raoul Walsh in developing a complex and magnificent dramatic story of crime and romance , supported by historic events.Cagney , whose energy gave him a panerotic sexual magnetism , was very evident with his two relationships which both tend to increase our valuation of Cagney as a person as are the two ladies involved
 This movie is from 1939 , Hollywood 's Greatest Year . It is considered one of the best from that year but I would rate it good but not on the same level as Wuthering Heights , Gone With The Wind , The Wizard of Oz and others . The story is a bit too slick and the characters not real enough . The intent of the filmmakers was not to make the film realistic , it is told as a `` memory '' but it does n't affect me as much as more `` realistic '' gangster films . Cagney and Bogart are wonderful and a lot of fun to watch , the leading ladies lack something in their roles and presentation . The wonderful lines in the films have become classics such as `` He used to be a Big Shot . '' The extras are very good and the commentary is interesting . Recommended and you definitely have to see it if you are a fan of 1939 and classic film .
 Finding that his old job has been given away , returning World War I vet Eddie Bartlett -LRB- James Cagney -RRB- takes work as a taxi driver to make ends meet , and soon rises from delivering bootleg liquor to leading his own criminal empire in the days of Prohibition . The corruption of his good nature and the alienation of his war buddies , the slimy George Hally -LRB- Humphrey Bogart , still playing heavies at this point -RRB- and the stalwart Lloyd Hart -LRB- Jeffrey Lynn -RRB- , pave the way to his eventual downfall . This thrilling crime picture from the heyday of Warner Bros. gangster films is thoroughly entertaining and features a great Cagney death scene .
 I 'm a James Cagney Fan and this movie was one of my favorites.If you like ganster movies or James Cagney , I strongly suggest you see this movie
 This was the end of an era of the gangster movie
 Army buddies Cagney , Bogart and Lynn find their lives intertwining dramatically after WWI ends . Jimmy eventually becomes a big-time prohibition racketeer ... In addition to good writing and better than good directing , this film has a stand-out cast in tailor-made roles . Actors who were so often typed as Bogart , Frank McHugh , Joe Sawyer and Paul Kelly shed their typiness and became individuals again . Priscilla Lane , whether its impersonation or just being herself is inconspicuously exactly right as is Gladys George in her role as the sympathetic torch singing floozie with a gin-and-tears voice and a heart of gold . And Cagney . He takes every line , every moment , every bit of business , and makes them so utterly an expression of Eddie Bartlett that they seem not something he learned or told to do but rather a spontaneous creation of his own . When a cop asks George -LRB- who 's holding the dying Cagney in her arms on snow-covered steps -RRB- what Cagney 's `` racket was '' , George has the classic line
 By 1939 , the gangster cycle had run its course and James Cagney , one of the key components , was ready for new challenges . With `` The Roaring Twenties '' , all of the punch of the best of these films remained but the production values were much higher . The story follows 3 war veterans who forge a living from bootlegging during prohibition . Jeffrey Lynn plays the honest lawyer , Humphrey Bogart plays a particularly vicious hood and Cagney plays something in between , an everyday man who moves into crime to survive . The film uses a documentary format , tracing the history of prohibition from the end of World War 1 . There are a few cogent observations too about the fate of the return soldier . Raoul Walsh , another masterful but forgotton director of the period , perfectly balances all the elements to produce a film with an epic quality . The black and white photography is masterful.Cagney 's performance is less mannered than usual and possibly his best to that date . He has a moving relationship with the queen of the speakeasies , Panama Smith , played superbly with brittle warmth by Gladys George . Priscilla Lane plays the young girl with whom Cagney falls in love . Lane was an appealing natural actress and delivers a couple of songs competently . The last 15 minutes of the film offer a broader acting challenge to Cagney than usual as he drinks away his sorrows . His acting is memorable . Note his pauses between dialogue . The film has one of the most famous endings of any film of the thirties , often to be viewed in documentaries about the period.The print is outstanding and the DVD contains lots of entertaining extras including a relaxed and notably clear commentary which balances information about the film , the director and the stars but too often tells us what is happening or about to happen on screen . There is a awful musical short starring June Allyson , a dreadful singer here with that flat gravel voice , a fun cartoon which sends up the gangster genre , a good documentary on the film itself and a trailer for another Cagney film of the period `` Each Dawn I Die '' . Whether as a part of the Warners Gangster Box Set or on its own , this DVD is excellent value .
 Jimmy Cagney had the top spot in this piece which was reminiscent of his earlier successes in THE PUBLIC ENEMY & ANGELS WITH DIRTY FACES . A bravura account of the speakeasy days , of wars between rival bootleggers , of underworld feuds and killings , of dizzy night spots and sentimental tears . Cagney played with his usual zest , one Eddie Bartlett , a former garage mechanic who comes back from WWI and finds jobs are tough to get . He takes a fling at taxi driving . And then bootlegging . Eddie helps Jean Sherman , a pretty young miss -LRB- Priscilla Lane -RRB- get a job in a speakeasy as a singer ; she does well , but does n't return his affections ... THE ROARING TWENTIES would be little more than another sentimental and synthetic gangster melodrama were it not for the honest and assured portrayal given by Cagney as the criminal career man . The great actor played this sort of role before , but some feel he had never played it better . By virtue of his taut and knowing portrayal , Mark Hellinger 's rather slipshod script becomes alive and vastly exciting on the screen . Gladys George had a genuine triumph as Panama ; she breathed poignance into the stock role of the night club hostess who calls her customers `` chump '' .
 This is n't the best Gene & Judy , but it 's the first and a nice effort of its own . The plot meanders a bit , and it 's a little dramatic for a musical , but Gene and Judy fans wo n't mind that a bit . They truly sparkle toghther in the title number . It stands out as the best moment of the movie , but Ballin ' the Jack is pretty good too . Kelly does a pretty good job for his first time in front of the cameras , considering he came direct from the stage , which is a very different type of acting . I particularly like the scenes when he finds out they are n't playing `` The Palace , New York '' after all . It 's been noted several times here that Judy looks frail , and she does , but still does a great job .
 For me and my Gal with Judy Garland as the leading lady is a fantastic movie and Gene Kelly 's first movie was just a great start for his career . Judy shines with her amazing voice , grace and acting skills . Kelly is a marvelous dancer . We can appreciate Judy Garland 's talent for dancing with Kelly but nobody can compare or even equal her talent as a gifted singer . This was Judy 's first mature role as an adult an she did an excellent job . Judy Garland will carry the title of one of the greatest stars of all times for generations to come . Sensational movie . I give it two big thumbs up !
 `` For Me And My Gal '' is one of those almost forgotten favorites of the silver screen that once seen , you 'll wonder why it took you so long to rediscover . Fresh from his Broadway success in Pal Joey , Gene Kelly makes his film debut opposite already veteran film star Judy Garland . The results are magical . A potpourri of standards belted out by Garland and company round out the multiple reasons why this musical is one of a handful of truly outstanding performances by both of these legendary entertainers . George Murphy is also in it as a possible , though not probably rival for Ms. Garland 's affections . The plot
 The year is 1916 and vaudeville is going strong . Everyone wants to climb to the top and star at the Palace in New York City especially Harry Palmer -LRB- Gene Kelly -RRB- . For Me and My Gal is the story of Harry Palmer and Jo Hayden -LRB- Judy Garland -RRB- who accidentally meet at a train station in Clifton Junction , Iowa -LRB- they are scheduled to perform at the same theatre -RRB- . Harry , knowing that opportunity knocks but once , persuades Jo to leave her partner/boyfriend -LRB- George Murphy -RRB- and join up with him . He has grandiose plans and wants her to be a part of them because he sees her potential as part of his act . They tour various cities and things look great until Harry receives his draft notice . He does n't want to interrupt his career by going to war , so he incapacitates himself for the draft call up . That 's when the story and his career take a turn with his relationship with Jo.Most of the musical numbers were staged either in the vaudeville theatres or were part of entertainment acts for the soldiers at the YMCA shows performed for our troops in France . The only two songs that were n't staged were the title song ` For Me and My Gal ' performed by Judy Garland and Gene Kelly at the beginning of the movie and their chance second meeting in a coffee shop and 'Till We Meet Again ' candidly sung at a nite club for Jo 's brother , Danny -LRB- Richard Quine -RRB- , who was going off to war . The film contained an '' ... impeccable selection of standard songs for individual scenes by Edens and the continuity he put together for Judy 's musical montage . '' -LRB- ` The World of Entertainment ' by Hugh Fordin -RRB- MGM had only a few period musicals during the war time years . `` The most notable was Busby Berekley 's For Me and My Gal -LRB- 1942 -RRB- , not a good film by any means , but a modest and tuneful expression of war time sentiment , and the first to team Judy Garland and Gene Kelly . '' -LRB- Ted Sennett ` Hollywood Musicals ' -RRB- This was Gene Kelly 's first motion picture after having completed successful stints on Broadway , zooming to the top in ` Pal Joey ' and choreographing ` Best Foot Forward . ' Judy Garland was only 19 when this was filmed , being her first adult role . Practically all of her movies had co-starred Mickey Rooney.If this was a movie primarily designed to promote patriotism in its audience , it certainly must have hit its mark with songs like ` Over There , ' being played with marching troops , ` How ` Ya Gon na Keep 'Em Down on the Farm ' and ` It 's a Long Way to Tiperary ' to only mention a few . This was just what the country needed during its war time years . Most of the World War I songs were played over and over again and used during the World War II era . It was a stimulus for the audience and brought about feelings of nostalgia , patriotism and brotherhood.This is a great movie to watch on a rainy Sunday afternoon . The songs are very uplifting and still manage to give you a great patriotic feeling , which is certainly necessary in the world today . This movie is a must for Judy Garland and Gene Kelly fans .
 The story begins with a troupe of vaudevillians performing in a small town in Iowa . Kelly convinces Judy that they 'd make a good team - that they 'll play the Palace in New York soon ; she agrees to join him , but two years pass and they are still in the small time ... A good many songs from the first WW era are included in the troop entertainment sequences , and the vaudeville segments include such memorables as OH , YOU BEAUTIFUL DOLL and AFTER YOU 'RE GONE . Kelly and Garland do a slendid dance routine to BALLIN ' THE JACK ; they recorded the title song and WHEN YOU WORE A TULIP for the Decca label in 1942 . As escapist entertainment for WWII audiences , FOR ME AND MY GAL succeeded completely . Fresh from Broadway , 30 year-old Gene Kelly made his picture debut in this little lark with beguiling Judy .
 When the Second World War started , Hollywood made the predictable switch to movies that would fortify America 's spirit . In FOR ME AND MY GAL , director Busby Berkeley took a still teenage Judy Garland and paired her with Gene Kelly as both sang and danced their way through the period just preceding America 's involvement in the First World War . Berkeley 's choice to cast Garland and Kelly paid off big as FOR ME AND MY GAL became one of the top grossing films of 1942 . The plot was less essential than creating a mood that America surely needed to meet the dangers posed by a Germany that was the villain in both wars . It made more sense to place the plot in 1917 rather than in the more contemporary post-Pearl Harbor year since Hollywood knew that it could tap into the fund of patriotism that still resonated in the minds of all Americans over 40 . Garland is Jo Hayden , a small-town singer seeking to make it big in Vaudeville . Gene Kelly is Harry Palmer , a man of limitless singing/dancing ability who nevertheless suffers from some serious moral shortcomings . He is callow enough to think that there is a series of shortcuts that he can take so that he can have it all -- marriage to Jo and a smashing career at the Palace in New York . What he learns is that talent hobbled with these ethical flaws merely guarantees loss of both . His flaws suggest a subtext that is neatly hidden beneath the hoopla of sensational songs and dances . Harry is America 's Everyman , a basically decent sort who has chosen the Easy Way , only to find that this way is not so easy after all . The second half of the film is his attempt at regeneration of self . He volunteers to go Over There , if not to fight , than to entertain the troops . Along the way , he grows spiritually , saves the lives of many wounded soldiers , kills a few Germans , and returns home a hero.There is no way that Hollywood could make such a pro-America film today . FOR ME AND MY GAL is a rousing , flag-waving , morally core-valued movie that brings to mind not a dated film at all , but the realization that when Foreign Evil is foisted on us , Americans may yet need the patriotic sureness that Busby Berkeley knew existed in 1942 but probably could not find in 2003 .
 For anyone who likes a good musical , this movie is a must see ! In addition , if you , like me , are a big fan of the light-on-his-feet , gregarious Gene Kelly , and the bubbly , ever-energetic Judy Garland , this film turns out to be much more than that ... It is a rare gem , featuring outstanding chemistry between two of the most engaging of MGM 's `` golden-age '' screen personalities . The dance numbers between the two are fantastic , pure vintage Hollywood , and the chemistry between the two characters -LRB- both down-and-out vaudeville actors -RRB- as their relationship warms from hate , to like , to attraction , to love , is superb . I can only say that it is a pity that these two fine actors did n't make any more pictures together .
 This is one of the very best of Garland 's MGM era films , primarily due to the pairing with Kelly and the abundance of musical numbers . She looks so young and pretty here -LRB- even if slightly pinched , due no doubt to the `` MGM diet '' forced upon her . -RRB- Highlight of the film has got to be the title number , which the viewer will wish could go on forever . It masterfully avoids the pitfall of corniness , thanks to the artistry and sincerity of Garland and Kelly . Also great , though minor , is the `` Beautiful Doll '' number near the beginning -- what a sweetie was our Judy Garland !
 I love this movie I have seen it four times and every time it is just as good as the first ! it is so sweet and romantic , gene kelly and judy garland are such an adorable pair . the first time I saw this movie I could n't stop wacthing it . The tunes are wonderfull and get stuck in your head and you end up humming them around the house .
 This was Gene Kelly 's first movie . And Judy Garland looks good and of course sings good . The title song is a favorite of mine too . It 's not in color but the nostalgia of that film is enjoyable to watch . I 'm glad that it 's finally on DVD .
 This movie really shows what an excellent singer and actress Judy Garland is . And what a great actor Gene Kelly is as well . They both make our modern actors seem rather flat and expressionless . The story centers around Gene Kelly convincing Judy Garland to join up with his vaudeville gig and leave the one she is currently with . Naturally , they fall in love , although there are quite a few hurdles to overcome . One of the highlights of the movie is actually the singing of a character named Eve Minard , a fabulous Opera singer . Her voice is phenomenal . George Murphy is quite the gallant character who is also in love with Judy , but backs out graciously . I personally was hoping Judy 's character would choose him , but I 'm not the screen writer . The movie starts off fabulously and is very entertaining with lots of fun songs and dances . About midway through it turns into a WWII propaganda film , even though it is set in WWI . These are hard to escape in this era , and they are hard to sit through . Not that the message is n't relevant , but it is so overdone and before the disillusionments of Vietnam and so forth , that they are a hard pill to swallow . Nontheless , the film is enjoyable .
 a really marvellous film which has lost none of it 's magic from when i first saw it at the cinema many years ago . kelly and garland provide anexcellant leading pair ably supported by george murphy . i shall view this film time and time again because of the great songs in it
 I have always been a fan of both Judy Garland and Gene Kelly . The pairing of the two together for a musical was genious . The characters are believable , the story shows all the ranges of humanity ... Joy , Love , Loss , Pain , Selfishness , and finally ... Heroism . You will not be disappointed in this film .
 I 'm ashamed to admit I had not seen many of Judy Garland 's movies . After watching this beautiful film , I 've now added quite a few to my collection . I never realized Judy could REALLY act as well as sing and dance . `` One of the greatest performers '' , as my mom used to say . I 'm a believer now ! She & Gene Kelly have a chemistry that looks easy & Gene was also a very underrated actor . I loved everything about this movie -- the music , settings , history of performing at the start of the 20th century . It 's one of the few mvoies about WWI that shows a little of how it was `` behind the front lines '' . I also like George Murphy . A great movie that 's more than a musical -- it shows the twist and turns of life and how we all need to be held responsible for our actions . GREAT FILM !!!
 Quality of the product was very good . The case and DVD are both very acceptable.I bought 2 of this DVD and had one shipped to my Grandmother after she had told me it was her favorite Gene Kelly movie . My favorite is still Singin In the Rain . I thought the movie was still very good , and Judy Garland is a great actress as well . Definitely worth the money.Hope this helps .
 Judy Garland is the complete package singer , dancer , actress & all around entertainer . Me & My Gal in a fine DVD transfer showcases the excitement that was Garland The plot is set during the World War I period , but the film has 1940 's feel to it . Who cares its great . Gene Kelly shows definite future star potential in his debut film . When it comes to the `` IT '' factor Judy Garland has it in spades !
 They do n't make them like this anymore . Gene Kelly exudes star quality in his forst film role and Judy Garland is up to the challenge of appearing on screen with him . Nominal co-star George Murphy ca n't compete with the charm of these two although he is a pretty good singer in his own right . The film is set during the Great War but was made during the Second World War so there are elements of propaganda . Gene Kelly does n't want to join the Army because he is due to get married and appear on a prestigious stage and this makes Judy Garland think he is a coward . Of course he is n't and later proves this to him . The classic songs and Busby Berkeley 's direction make this a vital part of the MGM musicals story and a must have for collectors .
 Poor Judy looks frail in her first film that she carries without any other star names . She has striking resemblence to Monroe in confrontation scenes with Kelly and all and all - a good if not a great movie . It ` s more of a drama with musical interludes . See my MORE ABOUT ME page about my thoughts of JUDY GARLAND
 For Me and My Gal is a great film . The musical scores are fantastic and make you want to sing and dance along . It tells of a vaudeville team trying to get to `` The Palace '' , the goal for all vaudevillians . This is heart-warming story and I garuntee that you will cry at the end . It makes you feel as if you are in the character 's place . Overall , I would recommend this film to anyone .
 I do n't even know where to start talking about this wonderful movie !! It is honestly one of the best movies I have ever seen . I mean let 's face it , the plot is n't so hott ! I mean its the typical 40 's musical , but in my opinion that 's what makes it so great ! It 's wonderfully predictable , Judy hates Gene at first , then she wants him when he isnt interested in her . They fall madly in love soon afterwards , but then it all goes down the drain until the very last scene . This scene may be one of my favorites of all time . Judy is singing onstage at the Palace and then she sees Gene in the audience . She stops in the middle of the song and runs into his arms . I think the two of them where honetly made to star opposite eachother , there was never anyone like the two of them . Not even Mickey and Judy had what she and Gene had together . Its something I ca n't explain , but if you see this movie you will understand what I mean . Its just sheer magic !
 This movie is a milestone in it 's self . It 's the first movie Gene Kelly made and the first movie Judy Garland played the part of a grown woman . When I saw this movie I was used to the plaisant Don Lockwood and Jerry Mulligan type of Kelly . But when he crushes his hand in his trunck to dodge the drafte in WW1 , It was the first time I saw him in a caractere that might have a dark side . In this case , his obsession with getting to play the palace . It hit me like a tone `` a '' bricks . Judy Garland is wonderful in this dramatic/musical role . She did a pretty good job for a first timer , if you ask me . Even if she does look a little frail -LRB- SO skinny -RRB- during her number , she sounds amazing -LRB- duh -RRB- . And tho she 's not considered a dancer she keeps up with Kelly just fine . Apparently Gene was self-consious about singing with Judy and Judy was self-consious about dancing with Gene.They both did great jobs , in my opinion . The best number is doubtless the title number . One of the cutest things I 've ever seen . The ending is somewhat predictable yet strangely satisfying . It 's an alround great movie . The only reason I removed one star was because it shocked me so much the first time I saw it and Ben Blue 's number is on of the most boring things I 've seen in my life . But do n't worry , Judy comes in wearing a really cute costume and saves the day . So get it ! It 's a must for any movie collector or Gene Kelly-Judy Garland fan .
 Besides seing Gene Kelly makes his film debut , Judy Garland matures from Dorothy Gale as an aspiring Vaudeville singer Jo Hayden . Gene Kelly plays her partner and you expect her love interest , Harry Palmer . The cast is first rate but the writing is weak . The story takes place before World War I in the height of the Vaudeville era . There are plenty of singing and dancing moments in the film.If you are Judy Garland , who is n't ? You will love her in this film with Gene Kelly . They come out as equals because of their talent on the stage . Judy can melt your heart with any ballad or song . In this film , you can expect a satisfying ending . Gene Kelly 's first role is worth watching in itself.The extras on the DVD include two movies featuring `` La Fiesta of Santa Barbara '' -LRB- in color from 1935 -RRB- and `` Every Sunday '' with Garland and Deanna Durbin . There is also a radio theatre production of the film in only 30 minutes from the Lady Esther 's Screen Actors Radio Show program from March 1943 with Dick Powell filling in for George Murphy who had the measles . There is also a radio promotion from Leo 's radio show as well.This DVD is worth getting for the extras as well as the film but you have to look for those extras before purchasing it here . It 's a musical filmed in the midst of American involvement in World War II about World War I and encourages to buy war bonds .
 Vaudeville ! It 's like a talent show with true variety and plenty of enthusiasm . That is what this film commemorates , a forgotten piece of Americana . Jo Hayden -LRB- Judy Garland -RRB- is a singer in a performing group with plenty of talent . She meets Harry Palmer -LRB- Gene Kelly -RRB- , a selfish and egotistical performer . He tricks her into auditioning with him and the two decide to form a duo . Jo slowly falls in love with Harry , although he hardly notices . Suddenly , World War I breaks out and Jo 's brother -LRB- Richard Quine -RRB- enlists . Harry is drafted , but he does n't want to go because service will interfere with his chances at the big time . However , it turns out that although the military can break friends apart , it can also bring them together again.This film utilizes newsreel footage flawlessly and the songs rejuvinate an era long gone . Garland 's vocal power and Kelly 's charisma make for a truly wonderful film . Aside from the title song , tunes like the By the Sea medley and After You 've Gone are standout . With those songs and Busby Berkeley directing , it is no wonder the film was nominated for an Oscar for best scoring.The movie poster cover reveals that Kelly was billed under George Murphy who plays Jo 's former performing partner . His smile is catching , but his role is less important than Kelly 's . Originally , however , Murphey was to play Harry Palmer.Also included in this DVD are a few treats . Two short subjects including Every Sunday , the film Garland made as a test with Deanna Durbin , is here . The radio version can be heard as an audio-only with Garland and Kelly reprising their roles and Dick Powell in Murphy 's .
 Being an avid fan of musicals , I have seen both Judy Garland and Gene Kelly in various movies -- but until I saw this movie , I had never seen them in a picture together . One word
 One of the most romantic movies there is ! It 's cute & sweet & not gross like most movies these days ! I would definitly recommend this movie to anyone !
 This is my most treasured movie of all time . Anyone who loves Judy Garland and Gene Kelly will adore this one . Who knew how romantic they can get ? It 's a shame that Gene And Judy were only coupled in two other movies . They have such GREAT chemistry .
 If you love to curl up and enjoy times past , cuddle someone you love - your cat or dog and enjoy a soft 1940 's romantic movie , this is for you . Judy sings beautifully , and Gene in his first Hollywood production -LRB- straight from the Broadway production of Guys and Dolls -RRB- is great . This is one of those movies I get out often and never tire of . Please Hollywood find more talent like these two .
 So many have done such a great job reviewing this movie I wo n't rehash ... but Amazon.com taking their cue from Warners -LRB- on the DVD box -RRB- say this is color and it is NOT ... its in its glorious original Black and White and a beautiful print at that ! Did n't want anyone out there afraid this masterpiece had been colorized ! YiiikesKelly / Garland ... please this should be a no-brainer !
 Judy Garland in For me and my gal is fantastic , as singer and actress ! It 's one of my favorite movies . Judy , for me , is the best singer of all time . Terrific !!! And also Gene Kelly and George Murphy have good performance is this movie . I love Judy , and I will love for ever!Roque BeneditoBrazil - South America
 The `` Ballin the Jack '' number by itself is worth the price of purchase . Some reviewer here stated that Garland would not turn in a truly Oscar worthy performance until A Star is Born . That person did not see this film . Garland in For Me and My Gal turns in a performance that is better than the combined performances of every actress who has won best actress in the past ten years . As for the reviewers who decry the over the top patriotism in this film , I say get a life . When this movie came out , people did n't know how things were going to end . And a lot of them did n't survive to see it turn out so well . Thank goodness Judy and company were there to make life a little cherrier for them .
 `` For Me And My Gal '' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- , with its old-fashioned vaudeville plot set during World War I , was obviously manufactured by MGM to boost national morale during World War II . It is best to forget about the plot altogether and just enjoy the fabulous chemistry between Judy Garland and Gene Kelly . Judy is extremely winsome and appealing in her first `` above the title billing '' adult role as Jo Hayden , singing sweetheart of the U.S.A. Gene Kelly , in his film debut , plays Harry Palmer , a selfish opportunist and cad . Harry is not too far removed from the `` Pal Joey '' role that skyrocketed Gene Kelly to Broadway stardom in 1940 . Gene always remembered how amazingly kind and generous Judy was to him as he made his film debut here . Gene Kelly , definitely not Mickey Rooney , was undoubtedly Judy 's best co-star at MGM . Gene and Judy worked together again in `` The Pirate '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- and `` Summer Stock '' -LRB- 1950 -RRB- . Gene as Harry takes one look at Judy as Jo , who is working in a vaudeville act with good guy Jimmy -LRB- George Murphy -RRB- and decides she must be his partner . Harry 's pick-up lines do n't impress Jo , who takes an instant dislike to him . `` Look , '' she says , `` I did n't like you at 7:00 this morning and I do n't like you now . '' Loathing quickly turns to love after Jo and Harry sing and dance the title song together in a coffee shop . A romantic triangle develops
 Judy and Gene Kelly make an engaging musical team in this nifty , chestnut of a movie musical . Young Judy displays signs of an emerging dramatic actress without straying from her `` Dorothy Adorable '' screen persona . Kelly makes an impressive film debut as a scheming , song-and-dance man . Tune-filled with snappy , Tin Pan Alley songs . Highlights
 Judy Garland plays Jo Hayden , a Vaudeville performer who has big dreams to reach the top along with her partners Jimmy Metcalf -LRB- George Murphy -RRB- and Sid Simms -LRB- Ben Blue -RRB- . But then Harry Palmer -LRB- Gene Kelly -RRB- comes along with a great duo act . A Vaudeville performer himself , Jo finds that he too has big dreams , to be able to play at the Palace . This is the tale about how these two team up and through hardships and the war effort , reach out for their dreams and to their surprise , find love.I 'm a big fan of all musicals so hearing that this was Gene Kelly 's first film , I knew I had to see it . And though I did n't enjoy it as much as I do other superior musicals , I still thoroughly enjoyed it.Judy Garland is one of the most wonderful actresses , a one in a million . Every note she sings is pure perfection and she is one talented actress . `` For Me and My Gal '' is more of a musical/drama than a musical/comedy , so expect Garland to have many scenes where her eyes are full of tears . And this being in black and white , these scenes come out simply beautiful since Judy Garland is a stunning actress.Being a musical , expect to see some great musical numbers . All the dance scenes are well choreographed . Most favorite is probably the `` Ballin ' the Jack '' where Garland and Kelly share a number . But since this is Kelly 's first film , do n't expect him to do any of his famous outstanding solo tap numbers . He does get a short number towards the beginning which gives really only a glimpse of his talents . He tap dances ... with huge rubber shoes worn by clowns!Another character is in this movie called Eve Minard played by Martha Eggerth , a beautiful operatic singer . Though I 'm not a big fan of opera type music -LRB- Kathryn Grayson is the only one I love in the movies -RRB- , I must admit that Eggerth has an astounding voice.As I said , there is a lot more drama than comedy in `` For Me and My Gal '' . But do n't worry , the end is terrific , and my only reason for giving this movie four stars is that I do have other musical favorites which I think are a bit superior to this one.To see Gene Kelly REALLY show off his tap-dance talent , watch : * SINGIN ' IN THE RAIN * - If you claim to be a fan of all musicals and STILL have n't seen this one ... well , tsk tsk tsk on you ! * COVER GIRL * - Kelly has this one amazing number where he dances ... with himself ! VERY cool ! * ANCHORS AWEIGHT * - Great number where he dances with the cartoon , Jerry the Mouse ! Also a scene where he plays a matador.And just in general , watch any of Kelly 's films , they wo n't disappoint !
 There is apparently a shortage of the Great Easter Parade film , one of the truly GREATEST musicals -LRB- of which not enough have been released -RRB- . I do n't know what is available RIGHT NOW , but a wonderful copy came out several years ago on Lasar Disk , so IT HAS BEEN RELEASED .
 One of the best musicals of Judy Garland and Jene Kelly , wonderful music , plus the performance of Martha Eggerth .
 Three years after she rocketed to superstardom in The Wizard of Oz , Little Judy Garland was all grown up and more than ready to assume her first truly adult leading role ; for his part , Gene Kelly , having just wowed audiences on Broadway in Pal Joey , was ready to make his feature film debut . Garland and Kelly made a natural match , demonstrating great chemistry together from the very start . For Me and My Gal is just a wonderful film , featuring dancing , singing , romance , heartache , joy , pain , and just about every emotion under the sun , oftentimes swinging in mood at the drop of a hat from euphoria to misery . A nervous Gene Kelly credited Judy for pulling him through the production of this his first film , and in all truth Judy turns in an outstanding performance here . The movie , released in 1942 , is in many ways tied to the contemporary war effort at home , and while it may be a definite product of its era , its themes and unforgettable performances make it a film that will live and be watched and certainly enjoyed forever.For Me and My Gal is also a tribute to the great vaudeville tradition , a tradition Judy Garland knew quite well first-hand from her childhood spent on the stage . Garland plays Jo Hayden , a vaudevillian singer/dancer working to pay for her brother 's education . Teamed up with Jimmy Metcalf and his gang , she is successful enough but far removed from the dream of every vaudeville performer of playing The Palace . As the movie opens , she meets up with Harry Palmer -LRB- Gene Kelly -RRB- , an entertainer so vain that Jo dislikes him immediately , even saying at one point , `` I bet he takes a bow every time he hears a clap of thunder . '' Palmer wants nothing more than to get ahead , to get to The Palace , and he sees potential in the young Jo Hayden . When his initial business proposals to her go nowhere fast , he turns on the charm and , before you know it , they are singing and dancing beautifully together to the tune of For Me and My Gal . Jimmy Metcalf loves Jo , but he breaks up his own act in order to make Jo take Harry 's offer . The new duo of Palmer and Hayden find success , but not the kind they are yearning for , as we watch them perform a number of great song and dance routines on stage , the most familiar of which is probably When You Wore a Tulip -LRB- And I Wore A Big Red Rose -RRB- . Whenever things start going well , though , something bad happens . Jo is all torn up when Palmer starts spending all his free time with the famous singer Eve Minard , as Palmer has yet to figure out that he loves Jo as much as Jo loves him . When this hurdle is passed , the road ahead for the duo only gets rougher as war intervenes . Having finally secured a spot at The Palace , Palmer takes drastic action to avoid being drafted , but his rash act backfires on him in the worst way possible . The ending of the film concentrates as much on helping the war effort and patriotism as it does restoring , in quite a tender manner , the love and commitment of two people who belong together.Harry Palmer surely was meant to represent a lot of American men in wartime . Caught up in his own hopes and dreams , he ignores what is going on in Europe , then tries to find a way out of answering his draft summons when it inevitably comes . He learns that there are much more important things in life than performing at The Palace and that a man has a duty to serve his country when called upon , in whatever capacity he is capable of serving . Judy Garland 's patriotic song and dance sequences and the real-life armed service radio broadcasts she appeared on throughout the early 1940s made her a pin-up girl of World War II . Definitely , this film carried a message to movie audiences to do what they could to support the troops going to war yet again , but its greatest power is wrung from the soul of Judy Garland in the form of many touching , dramatically powerful scenes of loss and heartache . For Me and My Gal , despite a great measure of comedy and delightful song and dance , follows a dark road at times , making it a movie that truly spans the entire spectrum of human emotion . It 's impossible not to love this movie , and the fact that it delivers Gene Kelly 's film debut and Judy 's first truly adult dramatic role makes it all the more important and special .
 FOR ME AND MY GAL could easily be categorized as promotion for supporting World War II . It was released in 1942 when the United States entered the war and support was strong , but still needed some help from outside sources . FOR ME AND MY GAL more than does its part for the war effort . It tells the story of two hopeful Vaudeville stars who want to reach the big time . Harry -LRB- played by Gene Kelly -RRB- will do anything to get to the top . The only thing that seems to stop him is his love for his dancing partner Jo -LRB- played by Judy Garland -RRB- . Jo looses her brother in battle . Within minutes of hearing the news she learns that Harry injured himself on purpose to avoid World War I . She gets so angry at Harry 's selfishness she vows never to see him again . Harry realizes both the error of his ways and his love for Jo and vows to be a hero . In true Hollywood fashion , Harry becomes a hero and he and Jo are reunited . At the end of the movie , people are encouraged to buy war bonds.The film is predictable , but so are most Hollywood musicals . Kelly and Garland are excellent partners , and both are believable in their roles and add a depth to the film that lesser stars would be unable to do . We love the sweetness of Jo and Kelly is a believable semi-scoundrel , a role that he seems to master in this film and others . The dancing sequences are excellent and Busby Berkeley 's direction captures interesting angles that highlight Kelley 's talent . As predictable as the story may be , both Kelly and Garland give wonderful performances and make the movie come to life.Movie buffs will love the fact that this film is now on DVD . Garland fans will enjoy John Fricke 's commentary on the film as well as the shots that were not included in the final cut of the film . The Fricke commentary speaks not only of Garland , but Kelly , Berkeley , Fried , and others involved in MGM musicals of the time . This feature alone is worth the price .
 In her first adult role , yet still filled with girlish charm , Judy Garland captures the audiences eyes and ears with her moving portrayal of a young vaudevillian trying to keep her goals and love in check . Gene Kelly , in his film debut , show signs of being a novice . Yet , the dancing capabilities he possessed still are just amazing . Filled with drama , candor and realism , `` For Me and My Gal '' is an absorbing musical melodrama set during the WWI era . Musical highlights include `` For Me and My Gal , '' `` Ballin ' the Jack , '' and `` After You 've Gone . ''
 A touching wartime musical with some great tunes and the ever-incomparable Judy Garland as the lead , what more could you want ? Maybe the historical value of Gene Kelly 's screen debut ? Maybe . Garland , in her first `` grown-up '' role , looks absolutely fantastic onscreen , glowing and lighting up every shot.On second viewing , I found myself wishing the dialogue scenes would hurry along and make way for the musical numbers , for 19-year-old Judy Garland electrifies in scenes such as `` After You 've Gone '' and `` How Ya Gon na Keep Em Down On The Farm . '' You can see exactly why she 's often named the world 's best entertainer ; her stage presence , discernable even in a black and white transfer , is brilliant . And while Garland did n't prove her true acting chops until `` A Star Is Born '' , in which she gave an obviously Oscar-worthy performance , she still tugs appropriately at the heart-strings when called upon to do so.Gene Kelly 's acting is clearly amateur at this stage , but who can blame him , it is his first picture after all . We 'll forgive him for the brilliant work he did later on -LRB- and that magnificent dancing talent , of course , which was sadly under-used in this film -RRB- . Sure it 's sappy , sentimental , predictable , but who cares ?! It 's pure escapist fun with Judy , Gene , and wonderful music along for the ride ! So sit back and enjoy yourself . I had the most ridiculous grin on my face the whole time .
 This is one of the first movies I saw with Judy Garland after seeing The Wizard of Oz when I was a child . I grew up in an unloving , unfeeling household so seeing her raw emotion and genuine talent taught me it 's ok to cry , to dream and to love . I do n't think it was just the story line -- it was Judy Garland and the perfection of her performance . She performs so flawlessly , one could imagine what it 's like to be her -LRB- character -RRB- because she put 's herself into her character 's shoes .
 I had some reservations about purchasing this movie because I had read about the `` hokey '' Gene kelly draft dodging and such , but I was plesantly surprised ! I expected to see him shooting from foxholes with a big goofy grin ! It really was a very good movie . And there were actually extras ! I highly reccomend this movie .
 `` For Me and My Gal '' was released when Judy Garland was about to reach the pinnacle of her Hollywood career as an adult film actress/singer . Co-starring Gene Kelly , in his first film , it 's a slightly more sophisticated -- and much more engaging -- version of the old Mickey-and-Judy behind the scenes musicals of the late 30s and 40s . The production values are exceptional , and were it not for the exceptional transfer to DVD -LRB- which is in beautiful black and white -RRB- , you almost wish the film were in color . But the b-and-w cinematography is a good reminder of where the term `` silver screen '' came from , and it gives the film an interesting `` vintage '' feel that is somewhat different than the `` glorious '' technicolor musicals , like `` Meet Me in St. Louis , '' that would ensure Judy Garland 's status as an enduring musical legend . The commentary by John Fricke is fascinating -LRB- where does he find out all this stuff !? -RRB- . The singing and dancing , and -- come to think of it -- the acting by Garland , Kelly as well as by future United States Senator George Murphy is exceptional . Interestingly , the best scene in film -LRB- in my humble opinion -RRB- , the `` For Me and My Gal '' dance sequence with Garland and Kelly , seems to have been filmed in a complete , unedited single take . Very rare for an MGM musical number , and very impressive as well . With the DVD release of `` For Me and My Gal '' and `` Meet Me in St. Louis , '' and with the earlier-released DVD versions of `` The Wizard of Oz '' and `` The Harvey Girls , '' the only films missing from Garland 's MGM `` canon '' seem to be `` Easter Parade '' and -LRB- perhaps -RRB- `` The Pirate . '' I 'm keeping my fingers crossed that Warner will release both on DVD sometime soon . -LRB- By the way , the DVD includes two very early MGM `` shorts ''
 I am a fan of both Gene Kelly and Judy Garland and together they made three memorable films together . In fact , many consider Gene to be Judy 's best partner and vice-versa . `` For Me and My Gal '' is their first effort together . It is very easy to figure out that this film was made during World War 2 . Its simply dripping with patriotism . Its set during the vaudevill days , just prior to WWI . Garland and George Murphy play a vaudeville team . Kelly is another vaudeville performer . He is brash and cocky and Garland hates him at first , but this is a romantic musical of the '40s so you do n't have to be Nostradamus to figure out what the outcome may be.So yes , the plot is n't the greatest but the two stars each give wonderful performances . This is Gene Kelly 's screen debut , he was direct from Broadway 's `` Pal Joey '' , and though he 's not the smooth performer he would become in later films , he still does a phenomenal job . Some say he overacts in this film , but I think he does justice to the character because the character is supposed to be loud and a bit of a ham . He does n't get as many dancing numbers as I would 've liked but what 's there is excellent . You can definitely see that he was destined to become a screen legend . Judy Garland is wonderful and gets a chance to sing a couple of songs in that inimitable voice of hers . She also does a good acting job.So , in conclusion , I gave this movie 4 stars instead of 5 because this movie is not either star 's best work -LRB- and its hard to top Kelly 's `` Singin ' In The Rain '' or Garland 's `` Wizard of Oz '' -RRB- but it is still very , very enjoyable . A great way to pass the time and watch two legendary stars in their prime .
 When For Me and My Gal was made , Judy was a major star and Gene Kelly was a relative unknown . At the end of the film , they were the perfect duo.The film takes place during the vaudeville era . Kelly is Harry Palmer , a vaudeville headliner -LRB- on the b circuit -RRB- . He is waiting for his big break and the Palace Theatre in NYC . Judy is Jo Hayden part of a girl chorus supporting Jimmy Metcalfe -LRB- George Murphy -RRB- . They also are looking for a break into the big time.Harry sees the potential in Jo and entices her to join him in a duo with a number he bought , `` For Me and My Gal '' . They quickly become a hot act on the vaudeville circuit . The only thing that could stop them in America 's entrance into the Great War -LRB- WWI -RRB- . Harry gets the booking he has been waiting for all his life , he and Jo have been booked at the Palace Theatre , NYC . But when he gets back to his dressing room , he receives his draft notice . He knows his duty but it 's his big opportunity . Harry injures his hand so he can not be drafted . Jo immediately realizes what Harry did and ends the partnership , both professional and personal . To make things worse , he then finds out that the injury is not temporary but permanent.When the Army classifies him 4-F , he joins the YMCA to entertain the troops . Harry entertains the troops . When he goes to a field hospital , he finds out that it is now behind enemy lines and a convoy of ambulances is about to be caught by the Germans . He jumps into his truck and almost gets to them but there is a nest German snipers between him and the ambulances . He valiantly kills them and saves the convoy.Jo has become a sweetheart of the soldiers she entertained during the war . She is starring in a coming home show for the soldiers at the Palace Theatre . Of course Jimmy and Harry are in attendance . She sees Harry and runs to him . They end singing the title song.For Me and My Gal is the only original song . The remaining songs are from the period -LRB- WW I -RRB- . When Judy was a child , she made seven films with Mickey Rooney . But once she grew up into adult roles , she needed a love interest and she found it in Gene Kelly . They made three great films together . You could see their chemistry from their first scene together in this film . Additionally , physically , they are a perfect fit.DVD EXTRAS : Commentary by John FrickeMGM Short - Fiesta de Santa Barbara - a 18 minute quasi documentary that MGM has put a number of stars -LRB- Warner Baxter , Gary Cooper , Gilbert Roland , Robert Taylor and Harpo Marx -RRB- and new talent -LRB- Cecilia Parker , Ida Lupino , and The Gumm Sisters , now Garland Sisters sing La Cucaracha -RRB- . Featured performers are Andy Devine and Buster Keaton . This is a prime example of a MGM promotional short . Judy is only in it for about 2 minutes.MGM Short - Everybody Sing - This was Judy 's first starring short subject -LRB- 10 minutes -RRB- . She costars with Deanna Durbin . Deanna 's grandfather has a Sunday concert . Since no one is attending , the city is canceling them . Judy and Deanna convince the city to give it one more try . Despite all their work , no one shows up . So the girls take things into their own hands and perform . Everyone in the park is drawn to the concert . Therefore , the contract is renewed . This was a test for both girls , Judy immediately went into features.Audio Vault - Three Cheers for the Yanks - Deleted song performed by Judy with stills.Audio Vault - For Me and My Gal - Deleted original ending performed by Judy and Gene with stills . The stills do not really show the plotline and therefore , we can not judge why it was changed.Audio Vault - Lady Ester Screen Guild Theater Radio Show - 3/23/43 radio broadcast of the movie with Judy , Gene and Dick Powell . Often , as a means of publicity , abridged radio versions of major films would be performed.Audio Vault - Leo is on the Air - Radio promo - Judy introduces Gene to the public and sing For Me and My Gal . Another radio promotion with the abridged story.This is a great film with great extras
 Wonderful and beautifully transferred to DVD . Excellent production numbers and this just might be my new favorite Judy movie . Grab that bucket of popcorn pop in the DVD and let Judy do her thing . She is wonderful . It will be just a fun evening .
 I love musicals and remember watching this on television when I was in grade school . The acting is n't so great but I like Judy Garland and Gene Kelly .
 I really liked this movie when I rented it and thought it was worth owning . It 's fun , has good songs and is very patriotic for WWII
 A great film about the days of Vaudeville and WWI . The inclusion of the superb musical numbers of that period were perfect , as were Gene and Judy 's portrayals and nonpareil musical talents . One question lingers about Mr. Kelly in the MGM Musical era ... why was this nice guy primarily portrayed as a semi-heel in most of his roles ? Kinda unfair . Although ... he is invariably exonerated and forgiven at movies ' end . Also , are there many more musicals in the past wherein Judy looked more appealing and downright beautiful ? Admittedly , this film would have been measurably and visibly enhanced if it had been produced in Technicolor ... at least , for me and my gal , Kristi .
 for the first time . And forever more . And for good reason.It 's a show about vaudeville -LRB- which Garland knew inside , outside , backwards and upside down -RRB- and about World War 1 , which makes for patriotism and all that jazz.Gene Kelly steps off of a train and into film immortality and he and Garland are wonderful to watch together . This is surprising , as he 's a novice -LRB- his first film -RRB- and she , at this point , is an old pro . Emphasis on `` pro '' . For the first time in her career , after eight years of pining after Mickey Rooney in run-of-the-mill backyard/barnyard musicals , after `` Oz '' , after a few attempts at early stardom -LRB- `` Little Nellie Kelly '' , Ziegfeld Girl '' -RRB- after everything , Judy Garland has a leading man that can keep up with her . And did she ever have a better partner than Gene Kelly ? People rave about `` Easter Parade '' , some six years later , but this film , while just as flawed as `` Easter Parade '' , has Garland teaming up with a MAN and I do n't think Fred Astaire was ever thought of as anything but Fred Astaire.Though they would star in `` Girl Crazy '' the following year -LRB- 1943 -RRB- , Rooney is already a rapidly diminishing memory . Garland performs better with Kelly than she ever did with Rooney . Not knocking Rooney here ... just sayin ... The songs come thick and fast , and they 're great , too . By this time in her career , Garland had already , by age sixteen -LRB- SIXTEEN !!! -RRB- had recorded and filmed three of her trademark tunes
 Ok , so `` For Me and My Gal '' was n't the first Judy Garland movie I 've ever seen-because who has n't seen `` The Wizard of Oz ? '' - it was n't even the second - `` Easter Parade '' is one of my favorite movies-but it was the first Judy Garland movie that made me fall in love with Judy Garland . I do n't know what it was . Was it when she first sits at the piano to sing the title song in a cafe ? Or was it when she and Gene Kelly teach us how to `` ball the jack ? '' Whatever it was , it was then that I discovered what an amazingly talented entertainer Judy Garland was and now I can boast that I have seen just about every movie she made from `` Pigskin Parade '' to `` I Can Go On Singing . `` This movie , in my opinion , is a little different from the light-hearted musicals of that time . Maybe it 's because it 's very loosely based on a true story or just because it has a little more depth . There 's comedy , romance , drama , action and draft-dodging all rolled into a musical . Any fan of classic movie musicals should see this movie at least once and maybe , just like me , you 'll discover that that Judy kid had some real talent .
 Gene Kelly and Judy Garland really `` click '' in this show-biz potboiler about two Vaudeville performers who fall in love , but whose union is thwarted by ambition , circumstance , and war . Lots of great songs and solid performances throughout , particularly the first version of the title song , where Garland and Kelly are both radiant and full of life . This film is known as Kelly 's film debut , but it 's also a great chance to see Judy at her youthful peak , before the studio system destroyed her spirit . A delightful film !
 I forgot how talented Judy Garland and Gene Kelley were . This was lots of fun .
 It has been some time since I saw this movie on television and I had forgotten how wonderful it is . I am a Gene Kelly fan and I must say he really lights up the screen in this movie , his film debut . Paired with Judy Garland , they start out in vauderville as seperate acts , both dreaming of playing the Palace -LRB- New York -RRB- one day . After a late night cup of coffee , Harry -LRB- Gene Kelly -RRB- plays a new song for Jo -LRB- Judy Garland -RRB- on the piano and she begins to sing the lyrics . They both realise that they make a good duo and so , form a partnership , Hayden and Palmer . There are lots of ups and downs as they play two bit towns waiting for their big break . World War 1 breaks out , and Jo loses her only brother , so when Harry purposely breaks his hand to avoid his enlistment orders she says goodbye to him and goes on the road entertaining the troops . Most of Harry ` s vaudervillian friends have enlisted and he realises what a coward he is . He tries to enlist in the Army , Airforce and the Marines but with his damaged had is rejected . To try to make amends , he joins some old pals and goes to Paris to entertain the soldiers . It is here that he finds Jo and eventually they get back together . It is filled with some wonderful songs , including the title track , For me and my gal . If you are a Gene Kelly fan , this this is for you .
 Judy Garland , the great actress , makes this movie so enjoyable . Times were simplier and values were high . It 's a great , old movie .
 a great film that anyone over 50 will enjoy that loves musicals - Judy Galand and Gene Kelley are great
 No longer a foil for Mickey , Judy really shines in this film . Her jazz dancing style gets showcased with Gene Kelly and just think , it is because of this film that we got Singing in The Rain and An American In Paris .
 This is one of my all-time favorite-sweet-classic-romance movies with my fav old-time stars ! It does n't have much going for itself concerning plot and characters , but it 's sweet and enjoyable , and the music 's great ! A perfect curl-up , fanciful movie .
 I greatly dislike and resent reviewers who give away plots and endings . Why do they do it ? This is one of my all-time favorite musicals . It is not a flag-waver and it does not sugar-coat war -LRB- rah-rah-America ! -RRB- , though as one reviewer mentioned , there is a note at the ending saying that war bonds would be sold in the lobby . War is hell . Everyone in it was wonderful , Garland actually kept right up with Kelly in the dancing , and she came across strong , professional and abundantly talented , all of which she is . -LRB- Incidentally , before Pal Joey , there was a straight play by Saroyan called The Time of Your Life which I think was Kelly 's first big break -LRB- he danced -RRB- , and before that a part in the chorus of a Porter musical called Leave It To Me , more than that I do n't know . -RRB- The movie is singing and dancing from stem to stern , all wonderful , all Garland and/or Kelly , and I loved every minute of it . The directing was also good , though I 'm no judge of that kind of thing , but it struck me as inventive and original while I watched it . I totally abhored Murphy 's bit in France when he makes a sap out of the poor dumb foreigner with the fake money . And then his men have a good laugh . I thought it stunk . And on the subject of George Murphy -LRB- whose career in movies was about as stellar as Ronald Reagan 's -RRB- , Tom Lehrer said -LRB- sang , actually -RRB- , `` Gee it 's great ! At last we 've got a senator who can really sing and dance ! '' That 's about the size of it , folks . And I did n't think he did either of those particularly well . If he 'd gotten the girl , I would n't have watched the movie a second time . One last note . I cried during this movie when Danny left for duty . And I really cried at the end .
 I highly recommend this film and would give it ten stars if I could .
 Wonderful old movie . Did n't realize how good Judy Garland was . CD was just as clear as if it was a new movie .
 I would always look up the song &#34; for me and my gal &#34; on YouTube and say I need that movie!Gene Kelly and Judy Garland were amazing as usual.It was pretty long and dragged out a tad but I loved it still .
 THANK you for this movie . It was fun to watch . It was about integrety , honor and respect . It made me cry . Thank you for making this movie available for me .
 This is one of the most engrossing and affecting movies which I have ever seen . Highly recommended .
 The Forest for the Trees -LRB- Der Wald vor lauter Baumen -RRB- 2003 dir . Maren AdeOne Stellar Performance 5 * The Forest for the Trees stands or falls on the performance of Eva Lobau as Melanie , and it is on this basis that I give it a guarded 5 * 's . Although a perfectly respectable first effort -LRB- a student project -RRB- , apart from Lobau I would give the film maybe 3.5-4 * 's . But be forewarned that though rewarding , this is not an * easy * film to watch . It is disturbing and cringeworthy , and over and over we want to shout -LRB- metaphorically -RRB- `` No ! do n't go down into the dark basement with the weird noises '' as Melanie digs herself in deeper and deeper.As the film opens , Melanie is moving into a new apartment , assisted by people we later learn are her parents and freshly-ex-husband Bernd . She then introduces herself to a couple of neighbors with `` house warming '' gifts , homemade schnaps . We immediately see the awkwardness , the inappropriateness , that is the crux of the film , though at first Melanie is so cute and so eager to please that it 's hardly noticeable , even endearing.Melanie is also beginning a teaching job , taking over mid-term -LRB- or at least mid-year -RRB- for another teacher . She meets the eager Thorsten -LRB- Jan Neumann -RRB- , the only teacher even roughly her own age . This begins one of the two major threads of the film , Melanie 's difficulties fitting in at the school , where she is shunned and gossiped about by the clannish teachers and terrorized by the unruly students.At home , testing a pair of binoculars for a class field trip , she sees a neighbor across a courtyard arguing angrily on the phone , then crying on the couch . Then one morning she sees the woman and follows her -LRB- presumably . . just one of many little continuity glitches -RRB- to the boutique she works at , and buys a suit for work . At another encounter at the apartment complex Melanie introduces herself and asks Tina -LRB- Daniela Holtz -RRB- over for coffee . Melanie , in her desperate loneliness , goes from cutely awkward/friendly to a pest to creepily intrusive , always playing on Tina 's essential politeness and aversion to confrontation , but also making herself useful , as a confidant in Tina 's fights with a boyfriend or helping set up a party at the boutique.Meanwhile , things go from bad to worse at the school , until Melanie reaches a breaking point both with Tina and at work . Yet throughout , she tries to maintain a facade that everything is going well , not hesitating to make up face-saving stories , often shifting on a dime , that probably do n't fool anyone.The role of Melanie is exquisitely written and acted , heartbreaking and painful to watch . Each nuance , each subtle step on the way to her final dissolution , is precisely portrayed and fully believable , and one just aches for her . We may be repulsed by her deceit and manipulation , but at the same time can understand them . Without a moment of scenery-chewing , Lobau is simply breathtaking , and she is the reason to see this film.This is not to say there are not problems with the film , but they are mostly of the sort common in small indie productions . There are little fill-in-the-blank continuity ellipses -LRB- as mentioned above , we do n't actually see Melanie follow Tina to the boutique , but I think we 're supposed to infer it -RRB- . More to the point I find Melanie 's backstory puzzling . It 's not clear why such a painfully shy person would go into teaching , nor how she managed to get through the training , which I assume includes student teaching . Why did n't she start teaching with her class ? -LRB- And is it really typical of German schools for one teacher to teach such a range of ages and topics ? -RRB- We are given little hints of the development of her isolation , as when she phones her mother , who tries to quiz her on `` what 's wrong '' when all Melanie wants is to talk , make contact . But hints only . -LSB- SPOILER , sort of , but it 's so obscure ... . anyway -RSB- And one thing that , even after 3 or 4 rewinds , I just do n't get is the very final scene . Melanie is in her car , driving along , when she simply lets go of the wheel , takes her jacket off and climbs into the back seat and watches the -LRB- blurry -RRB- scenery go by . What are we supposed to believe is physically happening here , or is this a fantasy ? Like who 's driving ? or is she headed for a crash ? but in that case , she seems to go along smoothly for a long time -LRB- is that just good German engineering ? -RRB- . According to a review on imdb , the director -LRB- at Sundance -RRB- claimed the ending was `` more symbolic than literal '' -- but symbolic of what ? Surely the same effect could have been achieved in a literally believable setting . And why go all `` symbolic '' at the end of a film that 's so relentlessly , painfully realistic ?
 I had borrowed this film from a local library and now I am seeking to find a copy for my collection of films which are overlooked and have that true to life feel . As someone that has reached an age and hopefully taste requiring my selection of films hit a nerve of believability . When the main character , a school teacher , is assigned to work in her first job , I was completely drawn to her performance . I could easily say that one will also find everything about her effort to deal with her students and coworkers a very personal experience eliciting a connection in life . For myself this is what a successful film does and so I am eagerly adding this to my collection .
 Shot on DV by student filmmakers , this harrowing , heartbreaking storyof a socially isolated young schoolteacher 's gradual breakdown has anamazing , complex central performance , as well as strong supportingwork , and intelligent writing.A major case of substance triumphing over form , lack of money , and lackof experience . A film that takes you into the heart of loneliness.Not easy or ` fun ' to watch , but deeply rewarding .
 It 's disappointing that so many people , including professional film reviewers , did n't really get this film . I do n't think that the film is just about the protagonist and her personality deficiencies . The film is about how society in cities can be self-destructive because people expect others to just keep up when instead we should all make children our priority and ensure that the school faculty and other professionals are aided by their peers and their supervisors so that everyone ultimately benefits . Instead , much of modern society is cynical and selfish , and our protagonist suffers not just from her own personal inadequacies and youthful insecurities , but because the assistance she should be entitled to at work and the social outreach that could be mutually beneficial for her neighbors is not forthcoming . I thought the film was riveting , real and amazingly acted with such profound realism . Truthfully one of the best films I 've ever seen . I 've watched it several times , and I totally empathize with the main character . Those that do n't should probably take a closer look at their outlook on the world and its people .
 This movie details several months in the life of a schoolteacher in Germany who leaves a small town to attempt teaching in a more suburban atmosphere . She arrives in her new life with great hopes for friendships , romance , and touching the lives of children in the high school . We soon learn , however , that Melanie Pr&ouml;schle will not transition into the new setting easily.Melanie first has difficulty fitting in with her new co-workers , who are predominantly older . The administration seems to be run by the males in the school , who view Melanie as nave and inexperienced , and do not go to lengths to hide their opinions . Melanie intends to be `` a breath of fresh air '' to the school , however , is immediately met with the impression that no one believes in her ability to succeed at teaching her assigned class
 I guess I like things all tied up in bows , but I was left feeling empty and unsatisfied . I could really sympathize with Melanie and her naive , awkward nature , but I longed for a happy ending or at least one that had resolution.As a teacher I could empathize with her despair at not being able to control a class . -LRB- Been there , done that , and fortunately learned the tricks of the trade . -RRB- But I ca n't believe the administrator of the school did n't step in to try to solve the problems either through assigning a mentor teacher or by suggesting she consider another line of employment . Did n't parents complain ? Where was her support network ? I know this is Germany , but surely there is a system in place to help struggling new teachers.The film was good , but had too many holes . Besides a message of '' let 's sit and watch a loser destroy herself '' , I hoped for more .
 I am not sure it would change them , but I think this movie should be seen by every person who tries to interpose himself or herself into friendships where they are not really wanted . This is especially true of those who convince themselves that they are such nice people everyone should want them in their life , but deep inside really know that they are not wanted . Of course , the more they feel unwanted , the needier they become and they become all the more desperate to find a friend . This movie is about what those more socially adept would probably call a loser.Everybody knows someone like Melanie in this movie . Maybe this movie is an attempt to show socially accepted people how those who are socially inept feel . It does n't say what one could do to help a person such as Melanie ; but it does present enough for a good discussion about it . Does anyone really have the obligation to reach out to such a person , especially knowing that they will tend to try to ` take over ' your life with their neediness?At one point Melanie 's presumed friend says she does n't want her ex-boyfriend to come to a party she is hosting . When , as he sees the party from outside the house , he wonders to Melanie if he should come in . She says it would n't be a good idea . So , he gives flowers to give to her friend . When the ` friend ' finds out Melanie told him not to come , she explodes and asks Melanie to leave the party . Does one 's wish to be free of an unwanted ` friendship ' give them the right to treat an already insecure person like that?This movie is full of situations like that , and makes one really think - Am I like that ? Is my treatment of an insecure person like that making his or her life worse ? There is a lot of feeling in this movie . If it was n't subtitled , I 'd suggest every junior high kid , especially girls , to watch it because it is during those years that the most people feel like Melanie .
 at times creepy , at times painfully pathetic , eva loebau 's performance as melanie is carefully mannered and extremely well done . her loneliness is palpable and her attempts at socializing are awkward and uncomfortable to watch.melanie 's colleagues and students are realistically portrayed . one would feel really sorry for her if it were n't for the nagging sense of frustration one feels because she is so spineless and unassuming . in the end the viewer is left feeling a little deflated . it is a darker story that does n't have a happy and tidy ending ... and it deserves praise for that .
 Set in the Norfolk Broads , a desolate but photogenic part of the UK , six attractive Brits go on a weekend boating trip on the Corsair Star to celebrate two of their number getting engaged to each other , little realising that there 's more to the reeds than , well , the reeds . There 's laughing , joking , high-jinks , and then some weird local kids appear and things start getting creepy . Suddenly the film turns , as most good horrors do , from nicey-nicey to oh-my-God-how much nastier can it get ??? I think that the final act could probably have done with a little bit more thought , but I do n't think the film suffers terribly from this . To the contrary , for the most part it 's an extremely watchable horror . The slightly retro feel is very ` movie '
 Yet another group of young , beautiful people take a trip into unknown , terror-filled territory . This time out , they take a boat into THE REEDS , where they encounter juvenile delinquents , tragedy , and death . After the first few minutes , I settled in for one more killer-kids-from-hell movie , only to discover that I was completely , happily wrong ! THE REEDS is actually a chilling ghost story w / tons of dread , foreboding , and doom ! The twisty finale is the black icing on the whole rancid cake ! Definitely one of the better AFTER DARK films ...
 This one twisted and turned from reality to the supernatural with a slow but gruesom and surprising plot with an ending that was final but not really ending !
 After Reading All of the neagtive Reviews , I Figured , that i would not like this movie , but i was wrong . It is a Really good movie . Like with most After Dark Films , Some Parts Did n't make a whole lot of sense , but i looked over it , and enjoyed it . I hate when people Critisize , movies for being `` Unrealistic '' Come On , It is a Movie . MAKE BElIEVE . Lighten Up , and have a little Fun . This made a great addition , to my collection .
 This was one of the last selections in the series of the 2010 After Dark Horrorfest films that I had n't seen . I really liked it , and it had a lot of twists and turns , moments in the flim where I had to think to myself . Did I just see that . Anyways , on my experience with the seller . It arrived early and as described . It was fulfilled by Amazon . So , if you you enjoy thrillers and some Horror the least bit , you need to rent all of the ones in the series , or maybe catch the re-runs on Sy-Fy . Thanks a lot .
 This movie really touches your heart . I lost a friend in Iraq and so it gets to me each time I watch it . Kevin Bacon does such a fantastic job in this film . Will always be one of my favorites .
 I came upon this movie by accident , just channel surfing . Missed the first five minutes or so . I was near crying by the end . As a soldier currently serving in Afhganistan , it was a tough , albeit rewarding watch . If I could sum up , by the end I was emotionally drained .
 This film is the best . I cry everytime I watch it . Kevin Bacon does a beautiful job showing great compassion . He should have been BEST OF THE YEAR ...
 Kevin Bacon was fantastic in this movie . The movie itself was one of the best I have seen in a long time . I have had this movie now for a few years and no matter how many years I watch it , it never gets old.I am not a reviewer like most and I do n't get into detail , I just give my opinions . If you are thinking of watching this movie or purchasing it you will not go wrong .
 I did n't really know what the film was about , I just knew it had Kevin Bacon in it , and that 's why I watched it . I was completely riveted by what I was watching.No matter what you see on the idiot box -LRB- Jersey Shore and other c ** p like that -RRB- this , I believe shows the heart of America.I am not an American , but you do n't have to be to honour and respect , and hold those who make the ultimate sacrifice , in the highest regard . I believe that the respect and honour shown to PFC Chance Phelps on his journey home , far , far exceeds that shown to any politician , any where .
 Kevin Bacon gives one of his best performances as the conflicted Marine officer who volunteers to escort home to Wyoming the body of a Marine who died in Iraq . Most of the story is deliberately understated , a wise decision given the dramatic nature of the true events themselves . There are many moving scenes , but one of the most affecting takes place when Kevin Bacon is about to leave Dover AFB with the body of the young Marine , and the soldier who cleaned and processed the fallen soldier 's body for burial tells Bacon that it has been her privilege to prepare Pfc. Chance for his journey home . HBO is to be commended for making this very fine film , made all the more compelling because it is based on real events . And Pfc. Chance 's family is to be commended for their willingness to share the story of their son and brothers ' final journey with the rest of us .
 I had no idea that this movie would have a lasting affect on me . `` Taking Chance '' goes beyond your Hollywood war films . Its plot is simple , yet meaningful . If you have family members in the service , this movie is for you . Have a box of tissues by your side as well ! You will need it !
 Everyone should view this movie , to see how our men and women in the military are honored when they give their lives for us . We take for granted the freedom we enjoy in our homes , watching football/baseball games , going to work/school and something as simple as going to a park . God Bless the United States Armed Forces . God Bless America !
 This movie is wonderful - telling the other sad story of war . Highly recommend it for the whole family - I showed it to my 6th grade class and they were very moved !
 Quite simply , this is an amazing story . I could not help but shed tears while watching this movie . Tears of sadness for the overall subject matter , and tears of pride for the comradery and patriotism displayed by everyday Americans . This true story will tug at your heart and make you proud to be an American . I am not the biggest Kevin Bacon fan , but this has to be his best performance . The tears are well worth it .
 The movie is a truly great video for those who do n't know the protocol that goes on behind the scenes when a Combat Veteran , who dies in combat , returns home for burial . One of the ending scenes that will bring many Nam Vets to tears , happens when Chance 's , father , does his walk by of the coffin at the cemetery . Welcome Home My Brothers !
 The best movie Kevin Bacon has been in since `` Footloose . '' A poignant reminder of what war is really like and the price we pay for defending our country . It helps me understand the respect paid to those who die in uniform and the unknown respect paid by civilians who come in contact with the process of bringing a body home to rest . As a Veteran who saw many die in Vietnam on the operating room table , I was reminded of what happens after the death and how the country is involved in returning the body home to the family.Every American should see this movie so they can appreciate the agony , respect , and love soldiers have for each other and what a family goes through when a son or daughter is killed in uniform defending a cause.A well done movie and will remain one of my favorites .
 I ordered this because Kevin Bacon has n't made a bad movie ever . Having seen this he will never make a better one.Whatever your opinion of the conflict the soldiers are fighting in they deserve the utmost respect for giving their lives for their country.This film does not make any statements about the rights or wrongs of the war but shows the effect on those who are involved in and affected by it . It is all the better for that as it does it beautifully . The acting is superb , the photography is breathtaking and the soundtrack is perfect .
 I had heard that this movie was being made and I lost a beloved nephew in 2007 . The Army was so available to my sister and the rest of us . The arrival of my nephew 's body into Sky Harbor , Phx , AZ was so poignant and everyone stopped what they were doing to pay their respects to our family as shown in this film.It was wonderfully acted and I thank HBO for making this movie . I am getting better at watching it . I last saw it the other night and I am down to using ten tissues to get through the entire movie.Thank you HBO , Kevin Bacon and everyone else who was instrumental in the making of this movie . I am proud of my nephew 's service and grateful to all military personnel who keep the watch so that we can sit in our homes with our tv 's and other comforts.This is a must see movie .
 I was overwhelmed by this film . It was beyond my expectations . Kevin Bacon was superb.This is not an anti-war nor a patriotic movie . It is simply a movie of how the US Military honors those killed in action.Have a box of kleenex handy .
 I never realized the deep care and respect that is demonstrated by the military for those killed in action before , beyond the flag and the 21 gun salute . The film 's depiction of that greater unseen respect was heart rending and deeply moving . I cried throughout the movie , and again as I relived its moments while appreciating its power even more as I read the many outstanding and touching reviews , especially from military people . However , to me the greatest and most uplifting aspect of this film is its portrayal of the caring decency of the American people . Every time it revealed a busy American slowing down and going out of his or her way to respect and acknowledge the sacrfice of a fallen soldier , it hit me the same as though I had personally witnessed a miracle . Who knew that as messed up as we seem to be and have been at times in this country , that in our national soul we still have so much compassion and respect to give ? This movie left me with something very precious
 The is one of the most moving videos I have ever seen . We are a Marine Corps Family and it is so heartbreaking to go through this . It is the story of a young Marine who gets killed during a firefight with the enemy.Chance is brought to Dover AFB first.It is the step-step journey of the remains of Chance and how he is treated with great care and love.After Chance is bathed and carefully prepared for his viewing , he is then dressed in his dress blues , arranged in his coffin and loaded into the plane . This video is the story of a solemn journey and of the respect shown to him by passengers , motorcycle patriots and more.Chance is greatly loved and I was brought to tears many times.I think this is a `` must see '' video for everyone but especially by those who have never known our military.TEN stars !!
 `` Taking Chance '' is a deeply moving movie that shows the respect and honor paid to fallen heroes by their fellow soldiers . This movie is based on a true story that will tug at your heartstrings and will probably move you to tears . Kevin Bacon does a great job in portraying Colonel Strobel and it was nice to watch a movies that just simply tells the story without a `` Hollywood '' agenda attached to it like so many movies these days . I think that is what made the movie so powerful . We could use more movies like this ... show this to your kids because we all need to realize that the freedoms that we have are not free and that everyday our service members and families put their lives on the line to protect us and our way of life . God bless those who serve , protect our country . Regardless of your political leanings these men and women deserve our heartfelt gratitude and thanks . God bless our Marines , sailors , airmen , and soldiers .
 What makes the emotions of this movie work is that it avoids the saccharine emotion-tugs prone to movies of its type ; it is not of a piece , which is precisely what makes it work . Based on a true story , it is not a film that takes an evident `` side '' or makes moral judgments about the war itself , and so viewers ' readings of it will certainly be wide and different . Bacon 's steady performance is one of his best , perhaps since Murder in the First . And the film far outpaces its nearest recent comparison , the Woody Harrelson-helmed The Messenger , which somehow seemed more contrived than Taking Chance.Taking Chance 's concentration on the mechanical processes of the return of a war-dead soldier holds a magnifying glass to the heavy tolls that war , patriotism , responsibility , and duty exact on the individual who must bear them . Beyond the glare of star-spangled soldiery and military steel , there are the soft hearts of family and friends , and a nation that continues to ask itself , `` Is it really worth it ? ''
 EVERY AMERICAN SHOULD HAVE TO VIEW A MOVIE AS NOTEWORTHY AS THIS ONE . THIS MOVIE SHOWS AMERICA AT ITS BEST . PEOPLE UNITED AS ONE . SEMPER FI !!!
 Last week the announcements were made for the Emmy nominations . This movie is up for Best Movie on T. V. and Kevin Bacon is up for Best Actor . It should have been nominated for so many more things because it is such a perfect movie-everything about it - the way it was done , what it says , what it does n't say , what it shows , and what it does n't show . I have not lost anyone close to me in a war but I feel this movie made me feel every raw and honest emotion there is to feel as the loved ones of the fallen go through this whole process . It seems we are not teaching the next generation much about the respect and honor of loving and serving America as in years ago . Whether we agree with a war or not should not decide if we honor those who are fighting in it . These men and women are defending our beautiful America , it is something birthed in their hearts and we should not take it lightly or for granted . This movie shows this , that is why I say every American should see this movie . It does not show the gore it surely could and that is so respectful towards those that have lost anyone in a war . It does not take a stand of any kind regarding if we should be involved in war , only that those fighting must be shown the respect and honor due to them and their families . There is so much more to be said about this movie-truely one of a kind and a GREAT !!! Please pass the word on and even the movie so more can feel this and see it . Thank you to every person that had anything to do with the making of this movie and of course I LOVE , LOVE , LOVE Kevin Bacon-great job !!
 I have never taken the time to write a movie review and this may not qualify as a review , but I want to say that this is one of the best movies I have ever seen . I originally rented it because Kevin Bacon played the lead role and he is one of my favorite actors . I knew almost instantly that this was going to be something special ; a very moving and enlightening film . I did not realize the ritualization that takes place when one of our fallen is prepared and brought home to the family ; the care that is taken to ensure the person is respected on every phase of this last journey home . To see the honor that was bestowed on both of Lieutenant Colonel Michael Strobl , USMC -LRB- played by Bacon -RRB- and Lance Corporal Chance Phelps was so touching that it made my heart hurt . I cried through the entire movie and it moved me to see the effect it had on everyone whose life was touched along the way . Words can not express how thankful I am for the men and women who risk their lives to protect us every day . May God bless each and every one of them , both the fallen and those still serving . This film is a tribute to them and their families . I highly recommend it to everyone .
 This is a phenomenal movie which gives you additional tremendous respect for the soldiers who serve all of us . Kevin Bacon is incredible in his role . Taking Chance protrays a process which is little known about or seen , and it was beautifully protrayed and handled .
 My wife and I rented this video on the advice of the owners of our video rental store and we were very pleasantly surprised when we witnessed the beauty and power of this film . Kevin Bacon does a superb job of not only playing a stoic Marine officer but showing enough emotion in the role to show that he too was affected by transporting Chance Phelps home . Although a seasoned director could have emphasized the turmoil in the story more effectively perhaps , we believe that the understated version produced by the first-time director was the better way to present this very moving motion picture.We would rate it a must-see for every American .
 This is one of the best movies I 've seen in a long time . I would highly recommend it .
 SHOULD BE GIVEN AN AN ACADEMY AWARD ! YOU KNOW IT HAPPENS BUT THIS PUTS YOUR HEART WHERE THE FAMILYS ARE .
 I made my entire family watch this . A great example of the honor our civilians bestow on our fallen soldiers . If only it happened like this for all of them . Quite sobering and it will make you cry no matter how tough you are .
 I began crying about 4 minutes into the hour-and-eighteen-minute film and continued until the end . Everyone I have talked with who has seen it says the same thing ... even some fairly `` tough '' guys . The one thing that stood out was the extreme care and reverence given to our military personnel who are killed in action and escorted home . Lt. Col. Strobl 's story should be seen by every American . Kevin Bacon does an excellent job portraying Strobl .
 A stirring look at the care and dignity given to fallen warriors who are killed while protecting our vanishing freedoms . Every American should have the opportunity to watch this .
 The story itself is not complicated - a marine -LRB- played by Kevin Bacon -RRB- decides to escort the body of a fellow marine back home to his final resting place.But the journey is profound and Mike Strobl -LRB- Bacon -RRB- sees the respect and feelings expressed by so many people along the way . It is not maudlin , trite or cliche - it is understated and incredibly moving . I do not think anyone can watch this without crying.It is not a political statement , it is a statement about the U.S. and its people . And ultimately shows the good and respect that underlines life more than the less important things that cause periodic divisiveness.Kevin Bacon , who always seems to be under appreciated turns in a remarkable performance that deserves a lot of attention and an Emmy .
 I have a video store a customer came in looking for this video that I ordered from Amazon and since then everyone has given rave reviews , the service was great , the DVD was a great price and the delivery was very fast , all in all in this economic time a good way to get movies for the store and good service . I have a machine to fix DVD 's but this DVD though used was in a one shape .
 We had rented this DVD and loved it . . so we ordered it for our collection . It came in looking brand new .
 I had trouble finding this movie through other sources . Order was received very quickly after placed . I had viewed this movie via HBO and wanted to share with others . Great Movie !
 This is the type of video that should be shown in school , but in today 's USA , there is no room for a warrior , only `` me '' .
 Very moving movie . You see and think -LRB- when you are watching the movie -RRB- a different world/way of the hole think.Sehr sch&ouml;ner Film . Man sieht und &uuml;berlegt , w&auml;hrend des Film , wie die Welt anders sein kann bzw . alles andere . -LRB- I am a German and it was not possible to buy this dvd in europe . 4 German buyers
 I have mixed feelings about this `` made for HBO '' movie . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm a fan of this film but this film is more about sending a message than about conventional movie making . `` Taking Chance '' is a simple story that goes through the excuciating details of what happens when a soldier is killed in action , overseas , and how their body is returned home . The movie is a huge promoter/endorser/advocate for the U.S. military.Kevin Bacon is a former `` Desert Storm '' soldier that is now a pure administrator for the U.S. Marines . He has a loving family yet is somewhat reserved about enjoying his subdued , civilian-like life . One evening , Bacon notices that a soldier killed in action is from his small home town in Colorado and he volunteers to escort the body home . From here , this film is all about the strict protocol utilized in escorting that body home.The film goes through meticulous detail as to the honor and respect that is brought to the deceased soldier . Bacon is un-flinchable in doing everything possible to always treat the deceased soldier with the ut-most of honor.SPOILER ALERT
 I bought this for a gift for my son for Christmas.Everything that I have read about it sounds wonderful .
 The price and the quality of this DVD was unbeatable . I have tremendous trust in amazon.com products . Their follow-up and customer service is unbelievably fantastic !! Taking Chance
 Everyone who had anything to do with starting the Iraq and Afganistan wars should be forced to watch this over and over and over . This is a wonderful depiction of what can and does happen to many of our young men and women who are `` just following orders . '' Although , those who sent them into harm 's way had no respect for their lives , those who bring them home have tremendous respect for them .
 I received my item in a timely manner ... as with everything else I have ever ordered from Amazon .
 Being a member of the Patriot Guard Riders , this movie tells you of the process that goes on when a family has been notified of the loss of one of their members , in this case , a son . This movie is worth every dime and every minute you spend on it . If you support our troops and feel the pain or at least attempt to , of the family and their dealings with the losses , this is the movie for you .
 This movie is great . I think everyone should watch it . You will see how our military personal are treated even in death . Be sure to have tissues close by .
 Get a box of tissues ready before viewing . It is a true story of the return of one of our finest who sacrificed his life . The outtakes add greatly to the story , and you will want to view this more than once . No `` fluff '' in this story.Taking Chances
 This film in awesome . It is not about the Iraq War , which I have opposed from before it began until today . But that is another story . It is about America , and American values , and American character , and its portrayal of them is as good as it gets . In a world and time where so much of what I grew up believing has fallen away and is now abandoned on the alter of mediocrity , this film restores faith in what our country has been , and perhaps , hidden away somewhere where we do not see it so often anymore , can return to being again . It should be seen by everyone who loves our country , and wants a great future for it . The director and all of the cast , Kevin Bacon first of all of coruse , have done a truly outstanding job .
 FIRST MY COMPLIMENTS TO THE SELLER IT ARRIVED BEFORE EXPECTED AND IN PERFECT CONDITION BUT I HAVE TO SAY THE MOVIE WAS ALSO EXCELLENT AND DONE IT GOOD TASTE ...
 TRULY WE HAVE AN EYE OPENER AS TO HOW OUR HEROES ARE TREATED WITH DIGNITY AFTER GIVING THEIR LIVES FOR OUUR FREEDOM . MAY GOD BLESS AMERICA
 This item was in excellent condition . The service was great . The movie was awesome . Speaks well of the Corps .
 If you respect this country 's finest traditions and values , you will cry for happy all the way through this film.I thought the film was outstanding in the way that it portrayed some of the military 's traditions and the ordinary citizen 's respect for a soldier who paid the ultimate price in service to this country.As usual , Amazon did a good job in getting the DVD to me quickly and in good condition .
 This story is not one that made headlines in Australia , but I am glad I came across and ordered the movie . Kevin Bacon 's performance was truely moving .
 One of the best movies on HBO i have seen in a long time if not at all .
 tugs at the heart strings and is honest at the same time . As a military brat of 14 years - everyone should see this .
 Awesome movie . Everyone should see this . It will make you appreciate the sacrifice others have made so that we can be free .
 This is a touching movie . Everyone should see it - I plan on making my kids at church watch it .
 Awesome movie with real meaning . Really hit home for us because our son was the same age , in the same place , same rank , doing the same thing as Chance . We are blessed to have these men and women in uniform standing up for us , the least we could do is stand up for them . This should be required watching !
 I chose this film from Netflix and have now bought my own copy to keep and share with others . I watched in awe as I saw the respect and reverence given to the fallen soldiers today . I am so glad to see how gentle and careful and meticulous the people who prepare the remains take their job seriously . I watched the extras about how the film came to be made and saw the interviews with the director and actors and family and with the fellow soldiers of Chance . I was moved to tears many times over . It was a happy accident that I rented it because I did not know about it prior to this year , 2011 , and it was apparently made in 2009 . This is a keeper .
 This is a very moving film that needs to be watched by all.Thank you very much for your service Lcpl C. Phelps .
 It arrived sooner than stated and the movie played wonderful . No problems what so ever . I just wished more people saw this movie , I feel it embodies what many citizens and their families live through and it gave me such pride to see that many people here actually do understand . Not a single problem with the delivery or the movie . Only wish all movie purchases went that well .
 I am from a suburb of Philadelphia and I have never seen anyone do anything more heartfelt for the city that they grew up in than Kevin and his brother . They recently performed a free concert to raise money to support the Mummers to perform on New Year 's day 2011 . This film does not surprise me , as it suits Kevin , because I know he loves his country as he loves the city of Philadelphia . It is a heartbreaking film , but I now know the respect that is shown to those who have given the utlimate sacrifice for our country . God bless Kevin and his brother . Bob Carroll , Glenside , PA
 I had read a little blurb about the story `` Taking Chance '' and so I purchased the movie , I watched it and the side lines with it . I did n't catch on to what the title meant until near the end , taking chance was about taking the fallen marine to his final resting place . It was a very thought provoking movie . It was very emotional for me to see , the Honor shown to a fallen Marine from Iraq to Wyoming .
 Excellent film , but sad . But makes you feel good how our soldiers are treated with such respect in death .
 Taking Chance is the emotional saga of a Marine officer escorting the body of a fallen Marine back to his hometown for burial . When I first heard of this movie , I could n't have thought of a subject more worthy of putting to film . The actual film , though , fell short of my high expectations but it 's still worth a watch even if only as a quiet gesture of respect to a fallen hero . Kevin Bacon stars as Lt. Col. Michael Strobl taking Chance back home . His masterful acting -LRB- subtle grimaces , taught lips , expressive eyes , the tilt of the head , his spare words -RRB- carry the film through periodic weaknesses , some of which I point out below . By the way , if you 're expecting an emotional punch here , you wo n't be disappointed . Have a hankie ready.Here are my quibbles :1 . DiscontinuityAlthough a minor point , perhaps , Ross Katz 's inattention to detail shows up in the discontinuity of airport transition shots where an MD80 aircraft bearing the casket takes off from one airport and lands as a 747 ; later , an MD80 takes off and lands as an A310 . Most viewers will say , `` What 's the big deal ? '' , but to me , these oversights gave the film a distinctly made-for-TV-movie feel .2 . Clumsy StagingIn another scene , this one at the Minneapolis airport , the ground crew is shown coming to attention on the tarmac as they realize that a soldier 's body is being transferred from the nearby plane . What could have been a powerful scene is rendered a artificial by the obviously perfect placement of the crew to satisfy the eye of the camera . This is unlikely in the frenetic environment of a busy airport .3 . Political CorrectnessFor those viewers who expect the film to sidestep politics and focus on the main story , director Ross Katz disappoints . Taking Chance is peppered with Hollywood 's anti-war cant . Even the young , greasy-haired hearse driver is enlisted in the cause by telling Lt. Col. Michael Strobl , the Kevin Bacon character , `` I got ta be honest , no offense , but I do n't really get what were doing over there . '' On the other hand , the touching vignettes of patriotic respect probably needed tempering to draw in a wider audience.Despite the flaws , I 'm glad I saw this one and I think you will be , too . An extra treat was the Bearing Witness Special Feature , included on the DVD . It 's better than the movie .
 This DVD arrived on time and in good condition , but UNLABELED . It has a label but it is loose paper and nothing on the DVD or the case identifies it . It looks nothing like the picture that came with it which shows a normal label on the case . Grrrrrr .
 Yes , of course , very moving and skilfully underplayed.Compare to the vicious `` Johnny got his gun '' , Dalton Trumbo ; On the beach ; - also dead ends.The cynic -LRB- me -RRB- must say
 Other reviewers have covered the story line
 This is one of those rare cinematic gems that pulls the viewer in through compelling visual images and not much dialogue . Based on a true story , Kevin Bacon -LSB- in a fine performance -RSB- plays Marine Lt. Col. Michael Strobl who in April 2004 , comes across a casualty list and sees the name of a fallen Marine from his Colorado hometown , Pfc. Chance Phelps . Though he does n't know Phelps , Strobl requests that he be allowed to accompany the body from Dover , Del. to the Phelps ' hometown in Wyoming.There is no pro-war or anti-war message here - this is purely a poignant and heartfelt retelling of a fallen Marine 's journey home , and of the honor and respect accorded to Phelps ' as he makes his final journey home , accompanied by Lt Col Strobl who is himself awed and suitably grateful for all the respect accorded to Phelps ' as he accompanies the casket back to Wyoming.This is a subtly done movie and the performance by Bacon as Lt Col Strobl is understated yet effective - this is no dialogue-heavy movie , neither is it action-packed ... all through the movie , it is the visual images that stay with the viewer , and of people 's reactions to the casket carrying Phelps ' body , as well reactions to Strobl as people discover the purpose of his mission.I cried many times during this movie , and I 'm not easily moved by what I see in movies - there is a sense of profound sadness throughout this story , and yet as a viewer , I was also overcome by an overwhelming feeling of gratitude for the services of our troops and the risks they face daily . This is a moving testament to the sacrifice of a fallen Marine and a compelling portrait of the dignity accorded to the fallen and I highly recommend it .
 I DVr 'd this movie off of HBO some time ago , and , after watching it again at least 6 times , I decided it best to buy a copy . I am not military , nor is anyone in my family , workplace , or friends . However , having always been a fan of Kevin Bacon 's work , I decided to watch this movie , and am ever grateful I did . It is just movingly , simply , spectacularly done , from the first scene to the rolling credits . Kevin Bacon portrays the quiet anguish of this officer , his attention to detail , and his duty and honor , to perfection . The cinematography is fabulous , as is the soundtrack . All in all , I am sure I will return to this movie again and again , simply for the beauty of the acting . I cried the whole way through , but not because the movie elicited tears in a cheap , formulaic way . Rather , it offered those of us completely outside this realm , a rare , genuine , and heartfelt peek into the monumental sacrifices of those in the military and their families .
 Slightly before dawn on a cold April morning in Dubois , Wyoming , two United States Marines knock on the door of the Phelps family . Their message
 A great movie . For any veteran , a word of warning
 This is a quiet , fairly uneventful movie , but it keeps you caring all the way through . It is neither pro-war nor anti-war . It is simply the story of one man 's life being changed by the death of a soldier he never met .
 Great movie , a friend recommended it and told me not to watch until my husband came home from Iraq . I was glad to get him home safely , and as hard as it was , we watched this great movie . Its reality , true story , its great . Highly recommend .
 I actually went to boot camp with Chance . So knowing him somewhat from the little time spent together was even more touching . This is a very good movie and well deserved not only becuase he was a good Marine but a good person also.Sgt Smith , Kyle EFox Co Plt 2008
 I watching this movie last night and although I did not know LCpl Phelps personally , I was at that particular base in Iraq in 2004 when he died . This truly brought tears to my eyes and put a lump in my throat . Words can not describe what it 's like to lose one of your brothers-in-arms but this movie sure does come close . I would certainly watch it again.I do wish the American people would honor their living Marines as well as they have honored their lost ones .
 I had the opportunity to watch `` Taking Chance '' shortly after my friend , Brian , was killed while on patrol in Afghanistan . The movie was stirring , thought provoking , and it filled me with a sense of pride . It also gave me a measure of peace , as I now have a sense of knowing how Brian was taken care of , after his death , and how each of us -LRB- Soldier , Sailor , Airman , Marine -RRB- , will be taken care of , if , on the next mission we go out on , we have to give our last full measure .
 i seen this movie a couple of days ago and this movie should be seen by all americans in the u.s. my last command was in somalia , and i 've been shot at and had to do some shooting back . from men to little kids . the feeling that i had to do was in the best intrest of my country . i seen alot of marines wounded , but none has died . thanks to god ! when i came back to the u.s. i had to do what the lt.col had to do . we had one officer and three enlisted men -LRB- 2 ssgt 's and 1 gysgt -RRB- and i was one of them . all of are marines came back from somalia o.k. but we were givin instruction on how to do what the movie is all about . after seeing the movie , it broke my heart and had some tears . all should see this movie . when i retired from the marine corps , i had nightmares for about two years . i feel the same way that the lt.col felt . i should of died in battle with honors . i 've always took care of my marines . my wife use to tell me that i 'm crazy for volunteering for all the conflicts that the marines were in . hell , i was never home half the time . go to work at 5:00 am and stay until 9:00 pm . pt with the troops in the morning and so on ! i apologize for telling the story of my life . i just get to carried away . the movie is well written and Kevin Bacon did a go job as a lt.col.once a marine , always a marine ! semper fi , devil dogs
 I do n't think I even have words to describe this movie/documentary . Would recommend very highly . Kevin Bacon does an amazing job in his character and I felt as if I even knew PFC Phelps at the end . Thank you HBO for putting out this touching true life story .
 This is a haunting movie , etched in drama and realism . After viewing 30 minutes of the picture I felt the pain and loss of a young marine on the battlefield . You do n't see the battle or carnage of war , but the effect on the human psyche through the eyes of Kevin Bacon . This is actor Kevin Bacon 's finest hour and he has been in many fine roles to date . He finds a mission , that finds him , while viewing the casualty list of the second Iraq War . A Lt. Colonel , he volunteers to escort a young marine killed in battle and bring his remains home . You are on a journey through the heartland of America , where the military has meaning - to serve with honor and to honor the fallen.I compare this picture a little bit to The Deer Hunter , Gardens of Stone , and Schindlers ' List -LRB- the ending -RRB- . Since I was a former Navy medic who also served in Desert Storm - the film tore at my soul.The Academy should have nominated this picture , alas politics always plays a part in the process . This film should have received awards for Best Picture , Best Director , Best Actor , and Best Screenplay . Thank you Kevin Bacon , for your splendid performance . Mission accomplished .
 This film is so good , so honest , and so simple - that it must have been made behind the backs of the executives and marketing worms in Hollywood . Keven Bacon shows us again why is he is such an accomplished actor . Others have said plenty about why the film is so good - I agree with them and wo n't reitterate ... but this is a must have !
 This is a movie that will stay with you long after its over . I cried at least 9x while watching . Kevin Bacon did an excellent job . Thank you HBO for making it . If you watch any movie this year , make sure its Takin Chance . -LRB- oh I watched it now 3x and yes I still get emotional -RRB-
 Kevin Bacon turns in a near perfect performance as a desk bound Lt. Colonel who volunteers to escort the remains of a fallen marine to Wyoming for burial.It could be that the noble acts and behavior of all the people encountered by him in this story which consists solely of the trip from Iraq to Dubois is a bit unrealistic . But they are carried out so convincingly that one could believe in America again .
 There 's no action - There are no explosions , fights , car chases or any of that . Yet , once you start watching , you wo n't stop and , at the end , you 'll be wiping away tears -LRB- Yes , even you manly men , too -RRB- . Essentially , it 's the story of a Colonel who volunteers to escort the body of a soldier killed in Iraq back to his hometown for burial . It is a respectful and reverent treatment of what happens to our fallen soldiers as they make their last trip home . It also shows the goodness of average Americans , and their respect for those who serve in our military . There is no place in this movie for leftist , liberal , anti-American portrayals . The movie is not jingoistic . It is a simple and tender story treating the issue so many of our people have had to face , and it does so with dignity , honor and respect.You have got to get this movie .
 I 've seen this movie 5 times and shed a tear every time I see it , & tonight I watched it w / several other Police Officers . Now , we usually joke around throughout any movie BUT no one made a peep during the entire flick and , when it finished , every single man watching was crying - not an easy thing to do amongst a room of Police Officers !
 This is an exceptioanlly awesome movie . It is about a fallen marine . It is about another marine that is an officer that decides he needs to escort this marine home . He felt guilty spending his time only being an officer and not fighting as his fellow marines have so he sees a list of fallen heroes and sees that there is one from where he came from originally . So he volunteers to take this boy home . This story shows the love and respect in unexpected places . The preparing of the marine for burial and his being placed on different planes and how touched the public became over not only the fallen marine but the escort and how the excort was changed permanently because of this fallen marine . This is an incredible movie . One of the best I have ever seen . I am not a military woman . I am the widow of a veteran . I am talking to all of you veterans ... this is a perfect movie for any vet to watch . Just touching .
 There have been few tributes to fallen soldiers more moving than Ross Katz 's film `` Taking Chance . '' It wastes no time in posturing on war , either for or against , or on false sentimentality . It tells the story of Marine Lt. Col. Michael Strobl -LRB- Kevin Bacon -RRB- , a guilt-ridden Desert Storm veteran , and how he serves as escort for the body of PFC Chance Phelps , a 19-year-old Marine who died a hero 's death in Iraq , for burial at his home in Wyoming.Based on the actual journals of Strobl , who co-wrote the screenplay with Katz , `` Taking Chance '' is as simple as it could be , and all the more powerful for it . It begins with an audio tape over the opening credits of the actual skirmish in which Phelps died , and ends with photos and home movies of him . Phelps -- as presented in reminiscences both by characters in the film and by his real family and friends in the `` Special Feastures '' section -- was a remarkable young man , whose high spirits and goofy sense of humor barely masked his ferocious courage and loyalty . `` Taking Chance '' is a masterpiece of restrained , dignified emotion , and the performances -- particularly Bacon 's as Strobl -- are in keeping with the film 's laconic yet poignant tone . In eulogizing one young soldier , it serves as a tribute for all young men and women who died for this country , and a searing reminder of how one life touches many .
 I actually rented this movie through Netflix because of two reasons ... One my oldest sons name is Chance and Two Kevin Bacon starred in it . I am a VERY patriotic person so after reading the synopsis thought i might like this movie . This movie was truly amazing and moved me so deeply that i just ordered it on Amazon.Its nice to see the other side of things in the military as far as escorting a soldier home . I have since became a fan of Chance Phelps on Facebook and I check his website ChancePhelps.org . I love how something so truly inspiring has gone on to help so many.I would definately recommend that EVERY American watch this . It gives a whole new meaning to our military and the fallen soldiers on thier journey home.RIP Chance Phelps !
 EVERY American should see this movie . If for no other reason so that it might cause all of us to stop and think about all of the service members that stand on the wall around this country and defiantly tell those that would do us harm `` you will not come in here and f *** with us without paying a terrible price `` I have ridden in too many escorts of fallen warriors and have seen first hand the unmitigated grief of their family members . I have seen the simple acts of respect and recognition given by hundreds of citizens along the escort routes similar to what is depicted in `` Taking Chance '' by those Kevin Bacon 's character encounters . It never fails to affect me just as this movie will affect those who watch it.Remember
 There 's nothing more to really say . This movie is extremely powerful and emotionally stunning . You will not be disappointed .
 My husband and I were both moved emotionally by this movie . You would n't think they could produce and write such a movie on the topic of journeying with the remains of one of our honorable soldiers , but they did . Everyone should see this as it will give you an even greater appreciation of our military and all they do for us . Excellent !
 This is a well made movie . I wo n't get into what it 's about since the DVD product description gives the basics . Suffice it to say that I consider this a `` keeper , '' one that I bought to watch over and over . It will touch your heart as it touched mine . I 've had several family members watch it and without exception they all enjoyed it .
 You only see the bad news on TV but this really brings attention to the reality of `` our '' loss . This is a true must see if we value our military . You ca n't help but get choked up or cry to see how respectful people really are .
 Revealed a new side of me ... blubbered the whole way through , for possibly the first time ... and I 'm not even an American . Perhaps blokes see things differently ... but for me , the respect for those who have gone , should be shown the way it was a few decades ago . Lights on for the cars in the procession , respect at all times and a high degree of thanks for those who place their lives at risk for our benefit .
 This movie really showed me things I never knew , & I 've been involved with the military my whole life . My father was an Iwo Jima survivor , a career Marine , I was in the AF briefly , my husband is a retired Af man , my son was in the Army . But I never knew what happened to the soldiers who fell in battle . This movie shows the journey in a way that will touch everyone who watches it . Kevin Bacon gave an awesome performance . You really must see this movie , if you do n't see another one for a while . If you are n't moved , you are n't human .
 True story about the respect and devotion given to our fallen soldiers from start to finish . No fancy Hollywood added drama . But there is a captivating depiction as to what steps are taken behind the scenes to get our fallen home both safely and respectfully . Kevin Bacon did an excellent job in telling Lt. Col. Stobl 's recollection about escorting Lance Cpl. Chance Phelps ' body home . Excellent movie . No politics . A film that EVERYONE needs to watch .
 This movie will have tears falling at the very beginning . Anyone who knows someone in the military , this movie will move you , and even if you do n't know someone just being an American will make you PROUD . Thank you to Kevin Bacon for doing a wonderful job . He is a Marine even if never was in the military .
 The profound element of such a standard occurrence as how America treats its brave and fallen service people . Thank you for the great movie .
 What has sudden ; y become `` politically incorrect '' ? Acknowledging the sacrifice of our military , their families , and their communities . Taking Chance is a must see .
 We viewed this movie at a Vietnam Veterans convention . This is one of the best movies that I have ever seen . We had the privilege of meeting Lt Col Stroble at the convention . Even if you are not a military person , this movie will touch your heart and guaranteed to make you shed a few tears . Do n't miss this one .
 This was a movie of the tenderness of a Marine that learned a valuable lesson in life and in the Corp. . I recommend a box of tissues for this one . Brought back many memories and helped me to appreciate the love this nation has for it 's Fighting Men and Women . !!! A must for your home library . I was in the service for 23 years and felt these exact feelings . They captured what is in my heart and in many others in the Service .
 I watched this alone at sunrise by the lake here in Maine . I had a borrowed copy because I had not found anywhere to buy one . My copy was being mailed around from Vietnam veteran to Vietnam vet . We all feel that such honor is highly deserved and wish our country had been this way when our 58,000 plus came home . One of our door gunners accompanied his friend home to New Jersey in 1970 and it was nothing like the situation today . It was almost as if the entire memorial and burial needed to be hidden.The director of this film and the entire cast got it right . Well done !
 I kind of knew what to expect ahead of time , so this was no surprise . A well-done and poignant reminder of what is happening every day to our troops while we fret over the death of Michael Jackson.It was hard not to be emotional about the movie . As a 24 year Air Force veteran , I was lucky to avoid being directly in any combat theater , from Viet Nam to Desert Storm . However , I supported those troops that went there either directly or indirectly . It is such a change to see the how the people of America react from when I first joined the AF in 69 . In 1970 I came back from technical school in Illinois and was at LAX waiting for my dad when I encountered some protesters . They spit on me and called me `` baby burner . '' I 'd never even been further west than Catalina Island , so to have them do that was just a sign of what they were doing to some of the guys and gals that actually went to Viet Nam.I was later told by a college professor that my incident never happened . He said he studied the era and the hippies and protesters loved and supported the GI 's , but just hated the leadership . Well , excuse me ? I thought it was ironic when I saw a TV cop show in the late 70 's and that same `` baby burner '' curse was used in the dialogue.Of course , not all people hated someone in uniform , not even back in the early 70 's , and I was made more than welcome most places . As I watched the movie , I got flashes of the outstanding treatment I have received over the years from 99 % of the people I encountered while in uniform.Today , we are in a whole different ball game . Whether the reasons for us being there are right or wrong , the fact is , we ARE there , and our boys and girls are being butchered right and left . They are more than willing to do their part for our country and should be honored . I believe this film does just that , and in a very tasteful way . Kevin Bacon did an outstanding job . Highly recommended .
 This movie is so wonderfully done . My husband has been in the Navy for 19 years and has recently had the privledge of escorting a fallen sailor home -LRB- R.I.P. TEX -LRB- DOC -RRB- , August 2008 -RRB- . We rented this movie because it sounded so much like what he just went through and were so amazed at what a great job the producer 's did , in making it so realistic . Our sailor did not die in combat , therefore , the circumstances of the preparation of our fallen hero were on a different level , regardless , all fallen military members are treated as equals . My husband did all the flag ironing , uniform ironing and assembling -LRB- medals , etc. -RRB- , dressing his body -LRB- including wedding ring -RRB- and making sure everything was perfect . He escorted his body home and even the pilot of the commercial airline who was prior Air Force , greeted him and made an announcement to the passengers when they landed of the precious cargo they were transporting.This film is a must see for every American , military family or not . Everyone should see what happens behind the scenes.Thank you to Chance 's family and the incredible sacrifice that they have made.I hope everyone who sees this movie is as touched as we are , and tells every single person they know about it . `` GOD BLESS AMERICA `` Navy Wife
 I bought this movie for my father , a Marine and a Vietnam Vet . He was very moved by this movie . He felt proud of his country , his service , and the people that make up both .
 Excellent HBO movie , that shows the honor from many various service branches in the care respect and honor given our fallen warriors on their last journey home . A great deal of effort went into making this movie , since I have personally know a U S Marine that escorted two family members home during the , Vietnam War .
 My son emailed me from Iraq about this movie and found it very moving . As a Marine Corp mom and dad we purchased it and were very emotional watching it . We highly recommend this movie to everyone who cares about our fallen soldiers . Also , this movie shows how patriotism is still very much alive in this country . Kevin Bacon did a wonderful job in this movie .
 Sincerely , Kevin Bacon deserves an Oscar for this movie ! I 'm an ARMY wife , so I 'm very proud to see this kind of documentary available . Our troops needs our support and prayers !
 What an awe inspiring movie ! I understand exactly how the main character feels in the beginning of the movie , as if what I am trained for is not being used to the best of its ability . It helped me to know there are people out there that care as much as I do .
 Everyone needs to watch this , in honor of all of our fallen soldiers . It is just heart moving , you ca n't help but shed some tears .
 Having served 30 years in our Australian Army Reserve , this film had a profound effect on me from the first time I saw it , particularly having lost a friend , from my school days , as a Vietnam casualty , together with the fact my father served in the US Navy in WW2.But what touched me deeply was the respect & dignity attached to the dignified caring of Chance Phelps as he journeyed home under the watchful eye of his escort - and this service `` respect '' is something I have often noted in my visits to America , where your airlines publicly acknowledge uniformed service personell traveling on their flights.But while this film will never win an Oscar -LRB- because it 's probably not `` spectacular enough '' -RRB- , nevertheless , it deserves to be widely viewed as a wonderful vehicle which reflects the respect , `` love of country '' & patriotism I 've noted is so evident throughout America.That said , I can not recommend `` Taking Chance '' highly enough ; a film that will not only move you deeply but also remind you that , while war is futile , those who serve in both our military should never be forgotten `` for their service '' . `` Lest we forget '' . John Fancourt , Sunshine Coast , Queensland , Australia
 This is a movie every American should see . Regardless of your views on war It is hard to argue against the humanity of our soldiers .
 What a phenomenal story so well told . Every man , woman , young adult/teen & child above the age of 10 should view this film . A superb venue of teaching respect and honor for our Military . . so many valuable lessons taught and learned . Should be a mandatory film for all parents to show their pre-teen -LRB- up -RRB- children .
 The video very accurately captures the emotions of an escort officer for one of our fallen . I first saw it after I had just returned to Afghanistan from escorting one of my colleagues , who 'd been murdered by an Afghan attacker , back home to his family . The tremendous respect that he was shown throughout his journey was closely and clearly mirrored in this movie . Have a kleenex handy .
 This superb film is both a moving tribute to all of America 's fallen warriors and the very embodiment of understatement . No matter how you feel or what you think about the politics of America 's wars , this film will move you and make you think .
 I enjoyed the moive . Kevin Bacon did a great job showing the honor one deserved for die for his nation . The moive showed how most Americans feel about those who loose a loved one from war .
 This movie was so touching , to actually hear and see what the procedures are to bringing our heroes home was an eye opener . My niece told me about it so I got right on to order it . I cried while she was telling me about it . This movie hit my heart and there were many tears flowing while watching it . To see how our service members are treated and respected through the whole processing of getting them ready to come home was so touching . Then to hear the family of this soldier in the directives made you feel even closer to them . I have been passing the movie around to my family members and now a couple want to buy a copy for themselves . I highly recommend this movie to EVERYONE .
 Excellent film . It was recommended by a friend who was a marine that served in Viet Nam . It took him back to many aspects during his time in combat . Kevin Bacon did an excellent job . This movie hopefully reflects the dignity assigned to all of our returning dead . This is a movie to buy and keep in your collection for future viewings .
 This was a quiet dignified film . I have seen this twice and each time it brings strong emotions for the fallen one , but for his escort as well . It makes you proud to be an American . This is a film for Memorial Day . Oh yes , if this film does not bring a tear to your eyes , there is something wrong with you . If you are normal , have a new box of Kleenex with you ; you 'll need it .
 As the war in Afganistan winds down and our interests turn to other things it 's extremely important that we remember just what pure respect for a fallen Marine actually looks like . A real heart tugger !
 I 've been waiting to see this movie for a long time . It was shipped so quickly almost seemed like overnight
 This film will both tear your heart apart and fill it with love , pride and honor . It will give you a true sense of what price our service men and women -LRB- and by proxy their families and friends -RRB- are paying for us to enjoy a free life . If I could afford to buy a copy for every person I know and ask that they take the time to watch it , I would . Chance 's story is but one of thousands that could be told . Thank you to the people responsible for making this movie a reality .
 I have seen this movie a few times now . It is a very well made movie that reminds us of the sacrifice of our servicemen . I would highly recommend this to anyone .
 I bought a 2nd copy of this movie and donated it to my middle school library thatI used to work for.As an ex-marine of Vietnam I thought that our children of todaywhom some will experience losing someone they know should view this movie toget an idea of the process of death in combat to the military burial with honors.Kevin Bacon gave one of his greatest performances in this epic of escorting afallen Marine home.Thank you Mr.Bacon and Semper Fi !
 This was an incredible movie . I 'm not sure how I miss it when HBO released it 5 or so years ago , but I 'm glad I finally saw it . It is a moving depiction of how our military takes care of our fallen soldiers . Pay special attention to the first 30-60 seconds , as the screen is black , and your listening to the combat audio only . I would also reccomend that for those of you that have lost a child , a family member , or friend , that you strongly consider not watching the movie . I will garuntee you that you will have some very strong and sometimes overwhelming emotions . I know I was very emotional , and I have been very lucky to have never lost a loved one in combat . Again ... a must see . Remember , this is a true story .
 This is a fantastic story about compassion in the midst of the death of a marine . Kevin Bacon is absolutely great as he plays out the emotions and honor of taking Chance home .
 This movie shows how we honor our fallen warriors . I was a Captain in the Signal Corps but never had to go into combat .
 When my husband , -LRB- A Marine -RRB- saw this movie he had tears in his eyes several times throughout the movie . Great movie to watch even if you have not been in the military . What compassion this film portrays !
 This movie is a MUST SEE ... it is fantastic and very moving ... it will bring your heart to new found feelings regarding the military and the service they sacrifice for you.Very , Very good movie ...
 I watched this movie at the insistance of my husband , I 'm glad I did , it gives you a glimpse of just what being `` proud to be american '' means ! Loved it ca n't wait till it 's released on DVD .
 My husband requested I watch this movie on HBO . I put it off until the last day it was available . I 'm glad now he encouraged me to see it . We need to honor the men and women who give their lives in service to our country . This movie treated this subject with honor and dignity . A real tribute . I preordered 4 copies ; one for each of my children . We need to remember .
 As a teacher and a parent , I agree with previous reviews , but encourage ALL parents and teachers to take this movie and teach their children , students , friends , and co-workers about citizenship , respect , and honor . Although not rated and a military movie , it is descrete enough for young children and conservative families to watch with adult supervision and instruction . My children balked at watching , but were glued to it from beginning to end . We have spent meals discussing it and it has triggered a deeper knowledge and respect for those involved in the military , both past and present . It also has put a new perspective on military video games !! I will be anxiously waiting for my own copy at full price on May 19th !
 ** SPOILER ALERTS ** `` The death of every person always serves the agenda of every other person who is aware of it . That is why they are aware of it . Therefore , no death -LRB- and no life -RRB- is ever ` wasted . ' No one ever dies ` in vain . ' '' -- CWG `` Taking Chances '' is one of the most moving films I 've seen in recent years . The film not only speaks to the fallen soldiers of America , but to the men and women who are aware of them . It tells the true story of Lt. Colonel Mike Strobl . He spends much time going through a list of names of soldiers who have been killed in the Second Gulf War . He prays that he never recognizes a name . However , one Private First Class , Chance Phelps , jumps out at him . Not because he knows him , but because he 's from the same small town in Colorado . This is enough to establish a connection for Strobl.Strobl puts requests escort duty , in which a member of the military escorts the body back to the place where it will be buried . This is an unusual request for a senior officer , but his Commanding Officer grants the request . Strobl will escort the body of Chance Phelps from Dover to a small town in Wyoming . His job is to assure the safe delivery of the body , and to also give Phelps 's personal effects to the family.At first , it seems that Strobl feels duty-bound to escort the body . He knows little personal information about Phelps . But the reaction he receives from nearly everyone he comes across , concerning a fallen soldier , that none of these people know , begins to move Strobl , and he finds a growing connection to Phelps with each stop , until he reaches his final resting place in Wyoming.The power of this film rests in small moments . They are simple moments , but powerful nonetheless . A group of luggage carriers all stop what they are doing to pay their respects . Strobl looks around and is clearly moved by the gesture . There is another moment when he is escorting the body by car , back to the small town . A line of cars of people , who see the casket with the flag over it in the back of the SUV , all begin to turn on their lights , and lead a procession of other vehicles all the way to the town . None of them know who Chance is . It does n't matter . They are paying their respects , and demonstrating their gratitude for his service to this country.The power of the this film rests in these simple gestures of gratitude and respect by nearly everyone who comes across the body of Chance Phelps . There is a powerful moment , when Strobl finally opens the coffin to view Chance , and to help another officer place certain personal items into it . We almost expect Strobl to quicky close the casket . Instead , he stands and gazes at the perfection of the uniform of Chance Phelps , and he is soon moved to tears over the body of a man he does not know . The film does a great job of never showing us the face of Chance Phelps -LRB- since he killed by a shot to the head -RRB- , and it really does not matter . I felt this was a wise move by the filmmakers.The film does a tremendous job in educating the viewer regarding the process that a `` body '' goes through from the time the soldier dies to its final resting place . Great effort is undertaken by the men and women who do their absolute best to assure that the body is cared for and cleaned . They do their best to make sure there is no evidence of blood upon the fallen soldier 's personal effects.There are many people who will tell you that it is impossible to not feel something when you become aware of someone who has passed away . It does n't matter whether you know them or not , you are affected by that person . Perhaps that is why I chose the quote that I did for this review.A person can disagree with the reason for a `` war . '' But , I find it hard to believe that anyone does n't support our military troops , and honor them . The movie demonstrates this in so many small windows of opportunity , showing that Americans do hold a fallen soldier with the utmost respect . Within the film , it 's clear that even Strobl is moved by these simple demonstrations . I would wager that many soldiers are perhaps unaware of this respect and gratitude . Strobl meets a man on of the planes . The man simply looks at him and thanks him for his service . I 've done the same thing with a few military people whom I 've come across . I feel that it means a lot to them to hear that they are appreciated.Kevin Bacon may have turned in one of his best performances as Mike Strobl . There is n't a lot of dialogue in this film , and so much of the emotion rests in simple looks upon the face of Kevin Bacon as Mike Strobl , and what he is feeling . That is all that is needed . Words somehow seem insufficient , and I think the director and writers did an admirable job by showing restraint regarding the dialogue within this film.This film should be required viewing , especially at the high school level and above . I feel that it would serve our young people to learn to appreciate the service of our military men and women.Mike Strobl has provided an incredible service , by allowing his journal to be used for the making of this film . He was also one of the screenwriters . He has taken careful steps to assure that the `` story '' of Chance Phelps is told , as well as that of every fallen American soldier . Every life has a story , and every person in death , also has a story . Our awareness , our respect , and our gratitude are all that is needed .
 Taking Chance is a MUST WATCH on so many levels I do not know where to begin :1 -RRB- Taking Chance is a military story told with great dignity that travels behind the scenes far from the normal military story , and is one that deserves to be seen and noticed .2 -RRB- Taking Chance is a classic story ; a story of one man going out of his way to care for another , a story of great integrity and of uplifting value .3 -RRB- Taking Chance is a film so well paced and so well directed that you may not move even once throughout it .4 -RRB- In Taking Chance , Kevin Bacon is superb.I shall not go on . Taking Chance is a MUST WATCH film .
 I served in the Marine Corps for 4 years . One of the best movies I have ever seen .
 One of my favorite movies . A touching , gut wrenching story . I could n't stop myself from shedding tears while watching it . It 's incredible that almost everyone I have met who has seen this tells me the same thing i.e. not being able to keep your composure while watching this . Incredible story , great acting and a beautiful story .
 I 'm in the USAF and I would definitely recommend buying this movie.However , all that really matters is that you watch it .
 Tale of a guilt ridden colonel who decides to be the escort for a recently killed private and so we go on his journey all the way to Billings , MT where the family and friends of Chance Phelps await . Based on a true story and partly written by the colonel who actually took the trek . Heart warming based on all the vignettes in which regular people give their support to the colonel and melancholy in the sense of loss felt by many . This is one of Bacon 's better performances . WHEN WATCHED
 Chance Phelps was nineteen years old when he was killed in action in Iraq . This is the story of the Marine escort , Colonel Strobl -LRB- Kevin Bacon -RRB- , who takes Chance home to be buried . We see the meticulous care and honor taken in transporting Chance 's body from Dover AFB , Delaware to his home in rural Wyoming.Based on the actual trip report written by Col. Strobl , this movie is a lot like a documentary in its attention to detail and procedure , but it is deeply emotional , quietly observing the reaction of everyone who comes in contact with Chance 's body along the trip as well as his friends , family , and comrades.It 's a story that could have been told in five minutes , but it makes a powerful , sobering film and I was moved to tears several times . This movie is not about the politics of war , but the honor and dignity bestowed on a fallen Marine . Recommended .
 I was one of the fortunate who had the unique opportunity to view this great film at this year 's Sundance Film Festival . Kevin later told us at the Q&A following the screening that he had not had military experience personally , so he underwent months of extensive probing and research to gain the depth of his character . He interviewed many families who have lost sons and daughters , and even talked to the Strobl family to assure that it would be presented tastefully and in deference to the true soldier 's memory . Kevin played this role right to the hilt , when it could have been overly-sentimentalized , but it never goes over the top . -LSB- CAUTION , spoiler ahead -RSB- ... when the cars slowly turn their lights on as the hearse passes , I really lost it there . It was a great and moving scene . I highly recommend this compassionate and stirring film .
 I had heard about this movie several times from family and friends several times over the period of about 6 months because my son was killed in Afghanistan . However , I was n't ready to view it until 9 months after he was killed . It was good for me to see how respectfully they treat these men from the time they are killed , until they are buried , and although it brought back all the images of my sons 's funeral in my mind , it still touched my heart to know that his remains were treated so respectfully and gingerly .
 I am not a person that goes to the movie houses . I have been 6 times in the last 25 years and disappointed twice because of anti-American themes . Hollywood is filled with liars , anti-Americans and other people I do not like . I will not support anyone who wants to destroy my country by distortions , attack people they do not agree with or lie about our freedoms . I do not like nor appreciate their deviant descriptions of the country I love . If they hate our way of life so much that they must make films supporting that hatred then I suggest they move to another country such as China and experience life under that regime . There is more to life than car chases , unnecessary violence , special effects and glorification of hating America . I know we have problems in our nation but they can be resolved without taking from those working hard to support their families and giving to those who do n't or by promoting hatred between our citizens.Having said that I saw an ad for this film and assumed immediately it would be another insult to our brave men and women who are in harm 's way . While visiting a friend he told me about the film and based on his recommendation I obtained the DVD . While watching the film I thought why ca n't all movies be made this way . This movie did not have any violence , four letter words and even left out nudity . The movie did show that America is a nation of appreciation , concern for our fellow Americans and others plus real America is the working person from all over our great country.The film is a tear jerking movie because the subject matter was the death and subsequent honor given to a brave soldier killed while serving his country . The subject was handled with concern for the family of this young man and showed respect for those who serve . I applaud the producers and especially the director , Mr. Katz , for their devotion to the subject in the film . The actor , Kevin Bacon , did an excellent job in his portrayal of the story teller . This film is neither a documentary or a docudrama . It is a story of an American Marine who gave his life serving the country he loved and how he touched the lives of those who knew him . I would have been proud to call him my friend .
 I went to the trouble of getting HBO for the opportunity to watch this movie when it was released . I was so very glad I did.There are precious few really good movies these days , but this one was remarkable . I had read `` Taking Chance '' when it circulated the internet a few years ago . When I found it was coming out as a movie , I was very eager to see it . It was no letdown.The story is very painful , as the death of a serviceman always is . But the reaction of people as Chance Phelps ' body was being brought back to his Wyoming home was , well , beautiful . All along the way , people showed their respect and reverence . Watching it happen on film is very touching . I am so glad the movie was made.One must give credit to Kevin Bacon , who underplayed his role with great skill . He was utterly convincing , and did not let his first-rate performance take away from Chance Phelps , and the Phelps family.One will not forget the name Chance Phelps . May his name , and memory , be a blessing .
 I 'm not in the Military but I thing this film brings home to what all the fallen military families are going through and the cost of freedom . I pretty much cried through the whole film . Kevin Bacon did an excellent potryal of Micheal Strob . I will continue to Thank all Military personal and their families for their sacrifice for my freedom . It was great to see the support from all americans especially when you here how some of Congress is not as supportative .
 Those of us who have lost a loved one who served in the US Marine Corps can only marvel at the respect given to a fallen warier as depicted in Taking Chance . The acting is superb the story line is complete . I am glad to own Taking Chance and can only think of Pvt Jeff as we watch the movie .
 To the director , producer , the actors and everyone who participated in bringing this true story to the screen , this soldier says THANK YOU . No politics , no anti-military messeage , just the simple truth about bringing a fallen marine home.I just watched this movie on the Armed Forces Network here in Baghdad , Iraq and was very moved while watching it . Very well done.Thank you so much PFC Chance Phelps , USMC . Your service has been truly honored by this film .
 This is a movie i feel every American should see . . It made me realize what is really going on . . please watch this movie and pass it along in the family ...
 I was an 8404 Corpsman with the FMF in Vietnam . I have talked with Field Medical Service Corpsmen of the current vintage and see the same things going on with them as me and my fellow Corpsmen from the battlefield experienced . This movie is NOT to be avoided . The catharsis and understanding engendered by this extremely well done movie are of very real value to me . I believe that all of use can and will benefit by seeing so clearly the honor and dignity our losses have been and are treated with . I saw nothing false , nothing hoaky , nothing made up or that rang false . We lost our Marine and Corpsmen buddies on the field . We bagged them , trying to get all the right parts together . We also tried , as much as possible to treat our honored dead with dignity and respect . Then they were taken away from us and we rarely , if ever , heard another word about them.This movie clearly , honestly and explicitly shows us what happened/happens after we loose them . For me , this has very much been a healing process . Forty years and more I have carried the pain of those brothers I lost in Vietnam . Part of that pain has been put to rest . I will need to watch the film several more times , but I can feel the pain in my chest easing as I see dignity , honor , respect , acknowledgement , and caring bestowed upon our honored dead.Lt . Col. Stroble , Kevin Bacon , Ross Katz and all the others that helped get this movie to us , who did such a great job of producing a beautiful and meaningful work , are to be congratulated . One reviewer here made some rather nasty comments about these people making a profit from the dead . These people deserve every reward they garner , cash included , for their brilliant and meaningful portrayal of a story that needed to be told . It is thoughtless talk that has caused so much pain to so many of us . Please leave us some strand of dignity and honor by taking your foul comments , and holding them close so they can hurt you , instead of me . I assume that hell has very special accommodations for the self-righteous . Sorry for the digressions guys . Watch this ! It will do wonders for your heart and soul . It will also clear out years of backlog in your tear ducts !
 This movie was absolutely amazing . It show that still today how supportive our country is of our military members .
 This movie is very simple but sends a giant message ! I am 33 years old and never once in my life cried while watching a movie . This movie broke me down twice . It truly shows the price our military pays for us and the respect that Americans give back to them . Very touching story .
 An intense tear-jerker , this easily ranks among the best movies I 've ever watched . Without any special effects , shoot-em-ups , etc. `` Taking Chance '' pulls together deep emotions into a fine movie with great acting throughout . Do n't miss the post-movie `` takes '' . By themselves , they will convince you of the heartbreaking emotions , the cameraderie , the pride , and the depth of the Marines ' `` leave no man behind '' credo . Whether or not you support the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan -LRB- or any war -RRB- , this movie will leave you respecting and loving our men and women in uniform , marveling at the sacrifice of their families , and the quiet support for them across our country .
 There are movies that are entertaining , and then there are movies that actually stand for something . This movie , is one of the only movies to come out in recent years that has a purpose . This is one of those rare times where something very sensitve is handle in the same manner , and where something so important , is shown to everyone.Few times in our lives will movies be made that have a purpose to exist . This is one of those rare times .
 I 'm a Marine veteran of the Iraq war who has done countless funeral honors details . This touched me so deeply . A detachment from my unit was assigned to mortuary affairs as well , so I could n't stop seeing my friends ' faces and hearing their stories as I watched this . For some reason it 's easier to be the one doing these services for our fallen brothers than to watch someone else . My wife and I wept through the entire film.I wept for my fallen brothers and for their families . I think she wept because she lives with the fear that I may be the one being escorted home , as well as for our friends and family who have been through this , and are going through this even as we speak.This film hits hard through understatement . There is nothing exaggerated or overplayed in this movie . There are no politics , no jingoistic flag-waving . Just quietly respectful displays of support for our warriors and their families , our nation and her colors . Kevin Bacon displays phenomenal restraint in a role that could easily have been overacted . With Col Strobl as the military advisor , the attention to detail is impeccable with regards to Marine Corps customs and courtesies . I could believe that Bacon was actually a Marine as I watched this - and we 're experts at identifying our fellow Marines vs. frauds.A word of caution : Several reviews have indicated that this may be good for children/families to watch . I would be very careful in making this assessment . It is probably just too much for the children of currently serving deployable servicemembers to digest . My children are all under age 10 , and in the wake of my deployment and the fears they lived with , I do n't believe it would be good to expose them to such detail . There are several somewhat graphic scenes of the handling of the fallen . Keep in mind , these are not gratuitous in the least , and are conveyed with the utmost respect and realism . The showing of the bodies ' preparations and the blood-stained personal effects are images that will sear anyone 's soul . The anonymity of it -LRB- no faces of the fallen are shown -RRB- preserves the non-exploitative purpose of the film , but also could allow an easy association for a child that `` that could be my Mom/Dad/Uncle / Older Brother/Sister , etc. '' Discretion is advised.On the other hand , I would recommend this for viewing by anyone over the age of 12 or 13 . It is critical that every adult and soon-to-be adult fully understand the cost of war , and realize the consequences of our national policies , whether for good or for bad . Even in justifiable and politically agreeable military operations , the cost in life is deeper than the individual servicemember . For each one serving , there are countless family and friends , neighbors and fellow citizens living with love , concern , compassion and respect . This film portrays in the most honest and unadulterated , apolitical fashion the heart of the American spirit
 A great movie with great acting . A very sensative subject handled quite delicately . As a 20 year retired Marine , I reccomend this movie to EVERYONE . I was honored to escort three deceased Marines home during my time in the Corps -LRB- all Vietnam casualties over three tours -RRB- . It was a very emotional , touching and sad experience , but it was the least I could do for three comrades whom I respected and loved . Any one of them would have done it for me . This movie brought it all back . The only difference was the respect the escort received from everyone all along the way ... much different than the Vietnam experience . During my escorts , I was often insulted and made to feel like a killer . I long ago accepted this as peoples feelings about an unjust war , and not necessarily directed at those of us who fought it , but it still hurt me . A lot . But to have it happen when I was with someone who had made the ultimate sacrifice for his country made me mad and bitter . This movie actually healed a lot of that for me . The respect the Marines received from civilians they met along the way warmed me and helped me heal . A long time coming . A truly excellent movie which should be viewed by young and old alike .
 I am a member of the Patriot Guard Riders . I know what it means to stand in a flag line for a fallen soldier . I knew that the fallen Hero would be coming in at the airport on a jet . I knew that we would be escorting the soldier to a funeral home , stand a flag line to Honor and pay our respects to this fallen soldier and to escort them to their final resting place . What this movie did was fill in the blanks from when the soldier left Germany , landed at Dover AFB in Delaware and what took place there . I salute all of you at Dover , God bless you all . The people at Dover do an outstanding job and with such Honor and respect . Thank you Lt. Col. Strobl for the journey that you took and the insight to write it all down . Thank you Kevin Bacon for telling the story on screen and with such respect . Fantastic job .
 I was looking for a movie that was in a good military nature . I ordered this and watched it ... I can not explain how deeply moved I was . I was raised Air Force , my father aws a fighter pilot and my son , Matt , is in the Army , now serving his 3rd deployment in Afghanistan . The honor and profound dignity that is shown to the military when they are killed in action , I had no idea about . My son watched this on his last leave and I encourage all my friends to watch also . The respect shown to the bodies and the cqre shpwm in the escort home to their families is absolutly profound . I would encourage all to watch this movie for the education and understanding thtat it provides to the civilian population . Thanks Leslie
 This movie is a very realistic depiction of how our fallen heroes are escorted home to their final resting place . They are escorted with honor and revere as it should be .
 I have seen a lot of movies in my time , but I 've never seen one like this one . This movie takes a look inside something that most of us never think anything about
 Ca n't say enough good about this movie . It 's a masterpiece . It 's about a desk-jockey Marine officer returning the body of a fallen Marine -LRB- Iraq war -RRB- to his home for burial . The weight and import of the sacrifice carries the movie from beginning to end . It is incredibly sad and incredibly uplifting at the same time . Kevin Bacon 's acting transcends Kevin Bacon the actor , so it does n't matter whether you like him or not . The only way you would n't like this movie is if you are not equipped to handle the emotions it evokes -LRB- which is a good and legitimate reason -RRB- , or because of ideological and/or political infirmities that keep you from relating to the military or the USA in a positive light . I would definitely suggest you watch this movie without distractions .
 This is the best movie ever . Kevin Bacon gives the best acting of his career . Be sure to have a box of kleenex when you watch this movie . It will help you to understand what our military troops and their families go thru everyday .
 This film had one of the most unanimous receptions here in amazon , and I will not try to contradict the overwhelmingly positive verdict . As the amazon product text says , the film is unimpeachable by staying away from either pro- or anti-war propaganda . It is remotely about the current Iraq war , though really it is about the military subculture , its traditions and ceremonies when it comes to home base rituals . It shows with simple clarity how rituals are the agent that keeps us sane when we have no real reasons to be sane.Kevin Bacon is a number-crunching senior Marine officer in home base during the war , an analyst . He was in the first gulf war , but did n't see much action even then . He feels bad about that , has his personal version of a midlife crisis and walks out on his lovely family for a queer mission
 As a Vietnam Veteran I have two words for this movie - totally outstanding.This is a must see movie . The acting is first class and every actor in the movie is perfectly cast.Kevin Bacon will never make a better movie than `` Taking Chance '' . All the other reviews have said what I want to say - do n't miss this.God Bless American , Australian and our allies fighting men and women and their families .
 This was an outstanding performance by Kevin Bacon and all actors involved in supporting roles . As a retired airline employee and disabled Viet Nam veteran , I had heard first-hand stories from co-workers of how escorts and their warriors were treated from check-in to final destination and this film captured that and the emotion that goes with it.The airline technical and military advisors did a superb job.Thank you!Ken DelfinoColfax , CAUnited States Navy -LRB- ret -RRB- United Airlines -LRB- ret -RRB-
 Saw this when it aired on TV originally and could n't consider my movie collection complete without it.Watched it with a friend of mine , former Marine , who performed this service for a fellow fallen Marine years ago . As powerful a movie as it was for ME to watch , it was exceptionally moreso for him . We watched the extra `` stuff '' on the movie and found all of it to be appropriate additions to the movie itself.This is a must-see and I have loaned it out to several friends already , civilian and former miltary -LRB- Marine -RRB- . The return reviews from them match mine . I am happy to share it to help spread not only Chance 's story , but the story of all who have given as the heros did in this movie .
 This is a film that every American should see . Not only is it a moving story of a fallen soldier 's journey back home for his funeral , it is an education into a topic that is rarely discussed
 Taking ChanceSomebody put the trailer to this film on my daughter 's facebook page and she showed it to me as she thought it was one that I might want to watch . I have now watched the movie three times . I love this film . It 's power has nothing to do with riveting dialogue or unexpected plot twists or complex plot development . In fact , it has none of those things . All of those elements that would normally cause a film to be raved over are completely absent . It is a slow-moving and simple story . A marine officer is accompanying the remains of a fallen marine home -- that 's it -- that is the whole story . But what an amazing viewing experience it is . It stirs the emotions of the viewer at a very deep level . It will evoke pride , sorrow and gratitude . It will remind of the power and cost of sacrifice . You will not view this film -- you will experience it .
 On a distant battlefield in Iraq , a young Marine Private named Chance Phelps is killed in action . At the US Marine Corps Base at Quantico , a manpower specialist , Lieutenant Colonel Michael Strobl -LRB- in a flawless performance by Kevin Bacon -RRB- , volunteers to escort a fellow Marine home for burial . Such is the premise of HBO 's superbly done 2009 film `` Taking Chance '' , based on Strobl 's real life experience as an escort officer . `` Taking Chance '' follows the movement of Phelps ' remains from the Dover Air Force Base casualty reception center to his burial in his Wyoming hometown . Along the way , we witness the touching and often unexpected outpouring of respect for one of the nation 's fallen heroes . We are also allowed to watch the personal emotional journey of Lt Col Strobl , a Desert Storm veteran wrestling with his conscience over his safe stateside desk duty.The movie 's narrative is honest , tough , and nicely austere , letting each situation speak for itself without dramatization . Kevin Bacon 's acting is understated but pitch perfect . The disk includes some extras on the making of the movie and on the real Chance Phelps and his family . This movie is very highly recommended to those who have served in uniform , and those who have waited for those serving .
 It was refreshing to see a Hollywood movie that put the military in a positive light . Kevin Bacon was perfect for his role . I was moved by the respect shown PFC Chance by all the military and civilians who came in contact with his coffin during his last trip home . This movie should also be praised for its minimal violence and other negatives . Definitely a five star rating !
 I mean this in the best possible way
 I was pleseantly suprised by this movie . Not only was it a very touching story , but it was a very emotional movie that I feel everyone should see .
 One of the most heartfelt movies I have ever seen . I think everyone should watch this movie . It is such an eye opener for what happens to our military personnel who are killed during a war . Keep tissues close at hand .
 this is a great movie , for all to watch , I am a veteran and have done escort duty and many funerals , you can only appreciate the honor , respect and difficulty that goes into this service that many ignore !
 First let me say that this movie is emotionally moving in its simplicity.Today , movies on topics like this are always trying to push someone 's opinion at the viewer . The neutral way the film 's events are portrayed really lets the viewer have their own honest emotions . There is no preaching going on here ; so regardless of how you feel about the military , the war , the politicians , etc you are free to just have your viewing experience.The respect and care displayed for this fallen Marine will have even the toughest of viewers fighting off a lump in their throats.I would seriously give this six stars if the option was available .
 I watched this movie on HBO -LRB- I had DVR 'd it , and ` saved ' it until Memorial Day , as I felt it would be particularly appropriate viewing at that time -RRB- . It is absolutely riveting - briefly , Bacon plays a Marine officer who volunteers to accompany the body of a fallen soldier to the family . We gain insight into the process and procedure of how the fallen are prepared and transported to their families -LRB- something that i 'd wager most Americans are not aware of - for example , soldiers are in dress uniforms , are transported feet first during their journey home , how their personal effects are handled , and the duties of the accompanying serviceman at each stage of the trip -RRB- , as well as his observations during the trip -LRB- that many civilians pause to pay their respects and express their gratitude , particularly when they discover the purpose of his traveling -RRB- . Based on a true story ; the movie treats its subject matter with dignity , honor and respect . I think that no matter what your feelings on the war/any war , you 'll come away moved by the sacrifice , sometimes the ultimate sacrifice , that our members of the service make on our behalf .
 I just saw this movie and I ca n't stop to cry !!! There are no words to explain the feelings and emotions during all the movie . When I saw the real Chance 's pictures my heart explosed ! The movie is UNFORGETTABLE ... OUTSTANDING ... . I am buying my DVD right now . .
 Excellent . Very moving and touched my heart profoundly . I ca n't say anything negative about this movie . A must watch for every body . Good performance by Kevin Bacon . I tried really hard not to cry watching it . Highly recommended .
 This is a must see doucentary on how we honor our fallen soldier.When I watched this documentary on how we honor our fallen soldiers , it was very deeply moving . We have never really seen what happens from when the soldier is killed to his coming home.We all know about Dover , Delaware but now we know Dover Delaware and the difficulty in what is done to honor our fallen.I found the part when Chance is on his last leg of his journey home and the cars behind the hearse so respectful and difficult to watch.Is this was a movie in the theaters , Kavin Bacon would be up for an award as would be the documentary.To Kevin ... I am so glad you made this documentary .
 I never knew Chance , one of my husbands friends Did and been a Marine wife my self is hard to put in words all the feelings you go through when your spouse is deployed.I have had the chance to get to chat to Chance 's Mom Gretchen a few times , and by talking to her i could see why was he loved so much , , not just for the service he gave to his country but because he was a great man , this story has touched us all so deeply words cant express the sorrow we shared with his family , im pretty sure Chance would be so proud of his family today to know how they have handle his loss , the way they are helping other soldiers deployed is just another example of the meaning this has , today is 5 years since the incident in which we lost Chance , like Lt. Col. Strobl said , I never met Chance but today i deeply miss him .
 Very moving story about Honoring the remains and memory of an American Warrior from the United States Marine Corps being escorted home of burial . This movie shows the Honor , Dignity and Respect that our Servicemembers deserve having given the ultimate sacrifice for America . As an American and a Veteran of the Army I was very moved by this movie and have recommended it to everyone I know . Worth watching again and again.When you see a member of the Armed Forces a Veteran or First Responder , take a moment to say &#34; Thank You &#34; to them for their service .
 I bought this DVD to go along with my purchase of &#34; Faces of Freedom
 I was very proud of how well the deceased are taken care of on their way back home for burial .
 Everyone needs to see this movie ! Our military men and women have given so much , they deserve the respect this movie shows them . Its a VERY touching display of love and honor . American pride is still going strong ! Kevin Bacon is wonderful in this role !
 Great movie that should be wached by many . I would definitely recommend this movie to other people out there . Enjoy it
 ... within minutes of starting the movie.Kevin Bacon is aweseome!A movie EVERY American parent should watch !!! RESPECT & HONOR ... God Bless our TROOPS and their families !!!
 One of Kevin Bacons best roles . If this one does n't bring a tear , nothing will !!! Makes you proud of our military .
 Was familiar with the story , but had not seen the movie . Think it should be watched by everyone . It happens every day ! Semper Fidelis .
 Excellent movie ! Kevin Bacon did a great job of conveying the emotions and feelings of his character many times without even saying a word . The respect shown to the &#34; fallen soldier &#34; made me proud to be an American citizen !
 This movie is very moving . It brings home memories of what our family went through ! Kevin Bacon was the best choice for this movie . He was superb in it .
 The first time I watched this movie , I cried all the way through it , from beginning to end . This young man , and all of the other warriors throughout the years , gave their lives so that I can sleep in freedom . That in itself is enough to make you hit your knees nightly thanking God for this privilege.I never knew the protocol of remains from the site of death to the family and I have never been prouder to be an American . These men and women deserve the highest honor and respect from their nation for whom they fought so valiantly.This was the best performance ever in Kevin Bacon 's career . His role was completely believable and he performed with the highest regard to the Lt. Colonel and the family of Chance Phelps . I honestly feel that this escort experience changed the life of Col. Stobl and I am greatful to him for recording this experience as through him , I got to meet Chance Phelps ... and I miss him too .
 It is one of the Best movie you will ever see . You will understand just how important our guys and gals are to each military branch dead or alive and what extreme measure they go to to make sure each and everyone is ready and polished for their final journey home to where they will be laid to rest . It is a tear jerker but well worth the time to watch . I think everone should take the time to see this wonderful movie .
 Outstanding movie . Emotionally and patriotically stirring , this film is a must see . Well done to all who participated in its production in keeping this true to the spirit of LtCol Strobl 's `` Trip Report '' and not turning it into an anti-war protest or a pro-war propaganda film .
 I accidentially tripped across this oddly titled movie and chose to watch it because I like Kevin Bacon . I was quickly caught up with the power and beauty of this story and found myself crying and not knowing it . I could n't wait to tell others about this and ran into a neighbor who said that he , too , had just watched it and , too , had found tears flowing . It is n't an easy show to watch but if I had a son or daughter or husband at war , I would feel , in some small way , comforted to know how the remains of our fallen soldiers are so lovingly and respectfully treated . A MUST SEE .
 As of today 's date of May 31 , 2009 , this is the best movie I have seen this year ! I watched it TWICE on 1 DAY ! This story is not full of action or fueled drama . Instead , you will see a movie that is honest , heartfelt , and kindred to the human spirit of compassion , respect , diginity and self-examination . This movie could not have been filmed , or acted , to any higher degree . I strongly recommend this DVD to anybody and everybody !!!!
 I just saw this on HBO2 this past Sunday - just in time for Memorial Day . An excellent film that depicts the horrors of war without the gore . A truly moving film with excellent performances by Kevin Bacon and the supporting cast . Not a trace of bitterness in this film and much gratitude for that . The portrayals of ordinary Americans going about their business and still paying their respect to Chance -LRB- TSA being the exception unfortuately -RRB- is truly heartwarming and the essence of being American .
 I decided to watch this film on Memorial Day , not really knowing what I was about to see . I never expected such a thoroughly intimate detailed account of PFC. Chance Phelps trip home . Kevin Bacon gave such a wonderful performance , really , everyone in this film added to the emotional tugging of the heartstrings ... well , except for the idiot at the airport who kept insisting on having the personal effects go thru the x-ray machine.Anyway , I do n't want to give away anything in this review because it really is a MUST SEE . Whether you have a loved one or know someone who is serving their country , or even if you DO N'T KNOW someone , you can appreciate the sacrifices that are made .
 If only our military was treated as well living as they are dead ... . What a great tribute to our fallen heroes . Kevin Bacon did an awesome job with his emotional and riveting portrayal of this man on a mission to see this hero home in all the honor he deserves.This is a very emotional movie.This is a must see by all !
 It 's very difficult to express what this movie does to you . It rips out your heart and stomps on it , but you can not help but be enthralled while it does . As an Army mom and aunt , this was particularly emotional for me , but worth every tear I shed . Kevin Bacon gives a flawless performance . The `` inside look '' at the process of returning a fallen hero home touches on raw nerves , but to see the respect given to our dead still moves me to tears . If you buy one DVD this year , make it this one . This is one you 'll never forget.My mother cried when she was telling me about this movie , saying that she wishes that the veterans returning from Vietnam had been given this same respect and admiration . I hope our generation has learned something from that time.I 'll be buying a copy for me AND my mom on the day this comes out !
 I have never written a review for a movie before , but feel compelled to do so after seeing this movie . I had heard about the movie and thought it sounded `` interesting '' , but not having HBO at home , had not been able to see it . While visiting with a friend yesterday , the opportunity presented itself for me to watch it.After the first 10 minutes of watching , I informed my friend that chances were I was going to cry and I was just giving them `` fair warning '' . It was only a little lie , as I was already crying . This movie is everything you have read in the other reviews . It 's touching , powerful , poignant , honest , sad and one of the best movies I have ever seen . Yes , I cried through the whole movie , and was not ashamed of the tears.I think that every single American citizen needs -LRB- not should , but NEEDS -RRB- to see this movie . Everyday , we are told about the number of military personnel lost in Irag , Afghanistan , Pakistan , etc. . After a while , hearing this information becomes something that we really do n't hear . It 's just another piece of news and unless it effects you directly , it probably goes in one ear and out the other . This movie kind of slaps you in the face and reminds you that these numbers are real people - maybe not your friends , family , lovers , neighbors , but they are those things to other people . And I think we all need to remember that , because one day , it could be you waiting on a loved one being escorted home.Kevin Bacon did a tremendous job in this movie . His emotion , dignity and respect were portrayed so eloquently . But his `` questioning of authority '' was really an eye-opener . I think a lot of us assume that all military personnel are fully 100 % in agreement with what they are doing and why they are doing it . It was an interesting concept to think that maybe some of them also question the reasons `` why ? '' , but yet continue on with their `` jobs '' . All in all , I would recommend this to everyone . As I said earlier , I feel that it is a NEED to see movie , regardless of what position you take on war in general . This is not so much about war , but about the human element of the the ones that `` gave all '' .
 This is one of the most touching movies I have ever seen . I saw it on regular TV some time ago and was so moved that I decided to buy a copy of it at some point . Glad I did . Viewing it again once again produced tears .
 Wonderful movie depicting patriotism at it 's best . We have watched it several times and have lent it out to friends who have also enjoyed it . Worth owning .
 Very good movie , love the way they show respect for our fallen . Being in the military myself , its awesome to see the pride our nation still has for its troops !
 Every American should watch this video . Kevin Bacon does an outstanding job as a Marine who accompanies the body of a young Marine , named Chance , to his hometown and family.Such respect . This is a true story .
 This is an amazing movie , it had me in tears the enire time I watched the movie . It was a good selection for me and very hard at the same time . Very good movie
 Arrived very fast and in great shape . I recommend this seller very highly . `` Taking Chance '' This a a wonderful story that I think everyone should watch ... It really has insights to our returning dead soldiers . This is a 10 in rating in my book . .
 This Movie was the best iv ever seen i loved it and so my family did too they gave it 3 thums out of 2 each .
 It 's about time we see that side of war . Should be more like it . Maybe people would n't be so numb about all the wars .
 WHY is the general public unaware of this tremendously moving and important work going on all over the country ?!? This is an excellent documentary of the personal account by the Marine Colonel who volunteered to be the escort home for the casket of a fallen Marine . The respect and honor given by workers all along the long travel is incredibly stirring . The scene when the trucker formed a funeral `` convoy '' on the last leg was especially touching . This movie should be seen by ALL Americans !
 This movie serves to remind us that freedom is n't free and all of our liberties come at a great price . It 's powerful and moving and one of the best non-mainstream movies I own .
 THIS IS A BEAUTIFUL FILM . FINALLY , HONOR AND DIGNITY IS PRESENTED HERE AND EVEN THE WORST OF OUR HARD HEARTED MUST SURELY BE TOUCHED WITH THIS DOCUMENTATION OF A FAMILY RECEIVING THEIR BELOVED SON FROM HIS SACRIFICE IN IRAQ WHERE HE HAS GIVEN HIS LIFE FOR HIS COUNTRY AND IT 'S VALUES . THIS IS THE AMERICA I BELIEVE IN AND UNDERSTAND . IT TAKES YOU THROUGH THE PROCESS OF THE AMERICAN MARINES RETURNING ONE OF THEIR FALLEN HEROS AND ALL THE ASPECTS OF THIS LONG TRIP HOME . FROM THE VERY BEGINNING YOU FEEL HONORED AND GREAT PRIDE IN THE WAY THIS YOUNG MAN IS CARED FOR AND THE DIGNITY WITH WHICH HE IS HANDLED ALONG EVERY SINGLE MILE OF HIS JOURNEY HOME . I FEEL LIKE I KNOW THIS FAMILY AND THIS WONDERFUL , YOUNG MAN . GOD BLESS THEM AND ALL OUR YOUNG MILITARY . AND , GOD BLESS AMERICA .
 Taking Chance is awesome in the truest sense of the word . Kevin Bacon is superb ; he brings reality and appreciation of our military to his role . This movie should be required viewing for every American in the world ; it should be a prerequisite for being in the American Congress !
 A true ` must see ' . As a former Army paratrooper , I can attest to the authenticity of the filmmaking ... they researched and made sure to hold true to military tradition and honor . You could n't memorialize a fallen soldier better than this .
 What a great film . Very similar to the events and the peoples ' reactions when my good friend and Brother-in Arms , CW3 Tim Flanigan , was KIA in Afghanistan in 2006 and returned home . The quiet acts of respect from all in the community of Jackson , Tennessee made me proud . A reminder to all that we do n't forget our dead .
 A profound , compelling , heartfelt , respectful movie that makes you think . Everyone should see this movie . Not all of us know what happens to a soldier when they are killed in the line of duty . Even though some of us think we know , we do not really know at all . Not only do our soldiers deserve the utmost of respect in life , but as this movie shows , they deserve it -LRB- and receive it -RRB- in death as well . We should all be proud to be Americans and this movie ought to be viewed by all ! I would even recommend high school students viewing it and writing about how it moved them as part of a normal curriculum ! Kevin Bacon was perfection -- you forget he is an actor playing a role -- he 's that good ! Do n't miss your chance ...
 I spent 4 years in the navy and never realized that this took place for our fallen heros . If I was still in I would welcome duty like this . every one should view this movie . it 's not about the war it 's about the people . fair winds and following seas and semper fi
 This movie is based on the true life story of Lance Cpl. Chance Phelps . He was a Marine from Wyoming who , like many , knew he had to serve his country after 9/11 . After dying in hostile fire in Iraq , the high ranking Lieutenant Colonel Michael Strobl requested the duty of escorting Chance 's remains back to the family in Wyoming.The movie is very heartfelt and moving . I wanted to stand up and give the dvd a standing ovation when it ended.Taking Chance is well done and manages to be positive Chance Phelps , positive Marine Corps and postive United States of America . It 's a non-political film that focuses on the journey and support of a soldier being accompanied home.Semper Fi !
 Being intimately involved with the Dignified Transfer of our Fallen Heroes has been an honor & privilege over the past 18 years . We were extremely pleased with the finished movie not only from the incredible true story being depicted from LTC Stobl 's perspective of escorting Chance Phelps , but also the glimpse into the world of the incredible people who process our Fallen Heroes at the Charles C. Carson Mortuary on Dover AFB . Every aspect of their return to their loved ones is accomplished with the utmost in care . Every person in America should view this movie , it could n't have come at a more perfect time .
 This will pump up your patriotism . Very touching and informative video on the care taken for one of our fallen heros . From the time they fall to the time they come home to their final resting place . Everyone should watch this awesome HBO movie , and Kevin Bacon was the perfect fit for the role he plays .
 I think every person should watch this movie and realize what they owe toso many men and women that never get the thanks they so greatly deserve.It 's really awesume in the way we treat our Military when they have paid with their own lives .
 One of best movies to honor our soldiers ! Period ! Kevin Bacon is perfect in the role as the officer to escort a fallen brother Marine !
 A quiet , loving portrayal of one man 's final journey home and its impact on so many . Kevin Bacon 's spare but emotional role as his military escort was stunning . The film is a tribute to those who lovingly care for our fallen as they travel home , from the people who prepare them at Dover , to those civilians that care along the trip . DO NOT miss this movie !!
 This was a fabulous movie on how our returning military in caskets are treated by their own fellow soldiers . Very poignant and even tho a tear jerker in many places . Dignity that we need to see our boys receiving . Once again , a must for everyone .
 This was a very moving realization of how each of the fallen during this war are taken care of during their journey home to be presented to their love ones . I am purchasing and giving this away as a gift to my friends .
 Beautiful , touching story . As I watch the movie , I cried all the way to the end . I watch this movie with the feeling of pride , honor and sadness for the fallen . An eyes opening for a foreigner like me to know how the US Military and American citizen view and treat their heroes with respect . God bless you .
 This movie should be seen by all Americans . It truly shows what it means to show patriotism towards our American Soldiers . This is the performance of Kevin Bacon 's career . He really did Chance Phelps justice , and so did the movie .
 Yesterday -LRB- Memorial Day -RRB- early evening I started to watch the HBO docudrama entitled ` Taking Chance ' starring Kevin Bacon as Marine Corp Colonel Michael Strobl who volunteered to shepherd the remains of Pfc. -LRB- at the time of his death -RRB- Chance Phelps , a 19 yo member of the 1st Marine Division , serving in Iraq who was Killed In Action on Good Friday , 2004 . The film takes no position regarding the War yet only chronicles , straight from Strobl 's notes , the journey of Chance Phelps from Dover Delaware where his body was prepared for internment in Dress Blues to Dubois , Wyoming , where his parents live , to this day , and where he ultimately was laid to rest.The acting and direction is near flawless and having read stellar review after stellar review on Amazon , it was the only 5 Star Movie that I have ever seen on that venue . I wept from the moment that I started watching this film to the end . The simplicity of this film , with limited dialogue and great cinematography underscores the significance of the subject matter and presents to the viewer a moving record of the respect , care and honor given to this young and fallen hero `` and a rare , genuine , and heartfelt peek into the monumental sacrifices of those in the military and their families . `` I urge you to see this film , Russell . I can prepare your computer so you can see it on HBOGO.com.Regards , Warren
 Kevin Bacon has never been more powerful than in this role , and he has been great in other features . If you do n't feel something by the end of the movie ask the coroner why everyone likes it so much .
 The dvd , '' Taking Chance '' arrived in a very timely manner , played well , and I was more than pleased with the purchase.I would not hesitate to do business again with you in the future and can only say , '' keep up the good work '' .
 This a very good movie . One movie everyone should have in their collection . Excellent acting by Kevin Bacon . Outstanding movie .
 Excellent heart felt and accurate depiction of the process of returning a fallen servicemen home . It is a tribute to those who care for the fallen soldier and their family .
 I showed this to my Family Living classes during the death and dying unit . Teaching concepts of grief and mourning is difficult , but I did not expect to be so moved by a movie such as this . In telling a true story , it 's message of dignity and honor was overwhelming ... and I wish it were required for everyone to see !
 Every young person needs to experience this movie . It shows what makes America great . What America was founded on ! You experience , firsthand , what it requires to `` Support Our Troops ! '' In war , our one responsibility is to those fighting for us , & tolet them know this !! -LRB- Over & above political reasons ! -RRB- `` God Bless Our Troops ! ''
 If you have n't seen this please do - there is more to this crazy war than just the combat
 Kevin Bacon does an excellent job . He is brilliant in playing the role as Col. Strobl . He gives the viewer a vivid portrait of who was Col. Strobl and all the intense emotions and thoughts he was dealing with , a deep sense of guilt among others.The execution of the film is superb , the music , the edition , the screen , and the photography . It shows the American soul . Excellent movie which should be viewed by young and old alike . This is definitely an American experience , I 'm not American , my sisters are , but I was deeply moved at the end of it.It 's provoquing , it really makes you think
 An incredibly moving movie . -LSB- This may kill the review , but it also was in good taste - the officer 's fall from grace never came , and the deceased Marine 's reputation was never sullied . -RSB-
 For any Marine veteran , this is an absolute must see . Kevin Bacon does a great job in showing the honor we bestow our fallen - I must admit , brings tears to my eyes . The whole presentation and the public reactions are so well documented in this drama .
 An amazing film with an equally amazing film score . . this may seem like unmeaning hype but watch it and then disagree ! I came to hear of this documentary while reading about the Marine Corps and decided to download the movie to my ipod . I have since bought the DVD as gifts and think it is probably one of the most moving performances ever . Understated , crystallizing the greatest values of America
 Heartwarming and informative . I loved it . Great to know our fallen soldiers are treated with the respect they deserve until they reach their final destination . Brings home the message that they are not just a statistic . They are real people with real lives interrupted , and they will be missed and remembered forever by those who loved them . Great cast and one of Kevin Bacon 's best performances.Had to buy it for my collection of keepers . Thanks again for excellence in service Amazon ... ml
 The Best movie I have seen in a long time . I bought 2 movies , I shared the movie with some people and my dad liked it so much he wanted one so he could share it with the guys at the American Legion . Kevin Bacon did an outstanding job !
 This is one of the few movies that actually gave me tears . Seeeing the respect Chance got , and how well our Men are treated made me grateful for them , and I think Bacon played his part perfectly . To all service people and their families thanks . I do n't even have HBO , but I bought this movie , and I am so glad I did .
 I bought a copy of this movie so that I could share it with friends . I am not a Kevin Bacon fan , so I was pleasently surprised at the quality of his acting in this flick . The movie is based on the Marine 's treatment of it 's dead , how each fallen soldier is to be treated with dignity and respect . A young Marine named Chance dies overseas , and Kevin Bacon 's character volunteers to `` escort '' the body from Dover Air Force Base to Chance 's home town for burial . The movie follows Chance 's body across the United States back to the small town he grew up in.During the journey , you meet many wonderful people who make you proud to be American . This movie shows America at its best , the respect shown Chance 's remains and the kindness shown the man who chose to share his journey back to small town America will make you cry . One amazing facet of this movie is that it shows how dead solders are processed once returned to our country , something that the Bush administration hid away from the public.This movie made me cry more than any movie I have ever seen , and it left me with such pride in my fellow Americans . A must see .
 I just finished watching `` Taking Chance '' for the second time . I know this will be the second of many times . For some reason I never heard about this movie until earlier this year I came across it . This is one of those very rare movies that you realize has attained absolute perfection.As you know , this is the true story of Mr. Strouble escorting PFC Chance Phelps home for burial . It covers every aspect of the escort but does it in a moving , caring , and non-sensationalism way.A friend of my son 's was also killed , in Iraq , also by a IED . Watching this movie gave me , and everyone who has lost a loved one or friend in a war , an inside look of the care that is truly taken to give these fallen heroes a burial that the family can be proud of.I am so glad Kevin Bacon won an award for this movie . Congratulations to Kevin Bacon , Mr. Strouble who wrote this , and everyone involved in the production for truly a job `` Well Done . '' To the family of PFC Chance , my sincerest condolences . May you draw comfort in knowing your son died a hero .
 Every American should see this film am how well the Military treats it fallen heros , I recomennent this to all
 Fabulous film . . Everyone should take the 70 - 80 minutes that it takes to watch this moving and meaningful film .
 A must viewing for everyone who cares about the military or a person who has served .
 This was a great movie and I loved every minute of it , I cried several times and though I do cry sometimes in movies this was especially well made and thus the emotion .
 An amazing true story . It gave me a lot of heart and comfort to see how this fallen Marine was cared for and delivered to his family . Even more comfort to feel that every fallen one has received the same.Kevin Bacon takes a whole new place in my list of favorite actors .
 As a parent of a Marine , I think everyone should see this movie.To feel the emotions of losing a son/daughter and to see how Americareacted as this young man was brought home to his family is heart wrenching.Incredible movie , incredible emotions . I cried through out.At many times I was just so proud to see how Americans reactedto the travels of taking Chance home.Kevin Bacon was outstanding and deserves any and all accolades .
 Good service in obtaining the DVD . I enjoyed the movie and will use this vendor in the future .
 Wow ! This moving is amazing ! Def . gives a different persepective on the way the Military takes care of our fallen soldiers ! Gave this movie to my husband , we ended up buying 4 more to give to our sons and son-in-laws ! Def . is a MUST SEE movie ! Touches the heart , thats for sure !
 I had wanted to see this movie when it appeared on HBO . However , not having HBO prevented that until I could purchase the DVD.This movie was very well executed in writing , acting , cinematography , musical score , and the true respect due our fallen warriors.It was not pleasant but it was excellent . Very well worth seeing , especially by our youth .
 This movie was a very well made tribute to those who have given all for this country . So many things I did not know - the care and concern that is given to each individual was remarkable . Definitely a great movie .
 I use this in our Veteran 's Day activity . Students think of the veteran 's as older men -LRB- & women -RRB- . This movie helps students understand how young most soldiers serving are . It is a remarkably touching view of how much Americans respect those serving our country and how they are taken care of on their journey home . We all should be the witness for these fallen soldiers . As the character in the movie says , `` Without a witness ... they all fade away . `` This movie gives us words to thank those serving and who have so bravely served - `` Thank you for your service '' . I think this is a must see for all Americans .
 Very heart warming and down to earth . This movie truly shows what a young man gave . The ultimate sacrifice so many can enjoy the freedoms that we have today . The best part in this movie is when another Korean vet tells the col. That he is the witness , without that his death meant nothing . I am so greatful for those who have gave the ultimate sacrice and their families giving up so much . His life did have an impact like many others , he is a hero who fought for us and we must not forget that.Thank you for your sacrifice ... Semper Fi ...
 I rented and watched this last night after a friend recommended it to me . What a wonderful movie . Definitely a tear-jerker , but a fantastic story of patriotism and military honor . Thank you , PFC Chance Phelps , for your service and sacrifice . And thank you , Lt.Col . Michael Strobl , for doing such a wonderful job of showing this fallen hero the respect and honor that he deserved .
 This is a truly wonderful DVD . Anyone who watches this has to be moved with the care deceased soldiers are returned to their loved ones . Thanks for shipping quickly .
 Not being a Military person , you need to teach your children what people do for this Country . This movie shows the great respect that these people deserve and puts the real human emotion to a fallen Marine . I totally recommend the movie as a great educational tool and was so glad we sat and watched as a family . You have to keep reminding yourself that soldiers are killed all the time and what great things they do for our Country . This is a powerful movie ... something that will stay with you for years ! We strongly suggest watching this !
 this was a really great movie . It 's a simple story and did have me very emotional at times . Kevin Bacon did a terrific job playing a man trying to return a soldier home .
 Wonderful , really shows the respect that they have for our fallen . Not only the military but other people.I was really impressed with the way the military took the time with each fallen soldier getting him prepared for his final resting place .
 One of the best movies I 've seen in the last few years . I gave it to a friend to watch and he bought five copies to give as gifts.The movie is neither anti-war or pro-war , it simply and poignantly documents the return home of a fallen warrior.Bacon 's performance is outstanding - if he or the movie wins no awards it will be for political not artistic reasons.Warning - if you have a son/daughter in the military think long and hard before showing this movie to a mother , and have the tissue box handy - you 'll need it .
 I had this sent to me by Blockbuster Online and it was absolutely phenomenal and completely surprised me . Emotionally gripping , true to life , and it reminds us all just how much our service men command our every respect for putting their lives on the line each and every day.Kevin Bacon 's performance was outstanding . I was moved by this film , and I am extremely thankful HBO produced it .
 This movie is a quietly intense story , occurring mostly inside LTC Strobl 's head . The photography tells the story in a way far more moving than mere dialogue could . Nothing I could write will be good enough to describe the tenderness with which the mortuary crew cared for LCPL Phelps , the respect shown by the air and ground crews , the kindness shown to LTC Strobl , or the emotion ordinary folks showed . This is a movie all should see .
 Short Attention Span Summary -LRB- SASS -RRB- :1 . Marine PFC Chance Phelps is an off screen casualty of the war in Iraq2 . Lt. Colonel Michael Strobl -LRB- Kevin Bacon -RRB- takes his remains from Dover Air Force Base in Delaware to his hometown in Wyoming3 . If this journey does n't touch your heart , you probably do n't have oneThis HBO movie is a poignant behind-the-scenes look at the unheralded and unsung heroes who process and transport the earthly remains of military personnel who have fallen while on active duty.Kevin Bacon has always been good at military roles , but he positively shines in this one as the Marine Corps representative responsible for returning PFC Phelps to his final resting place.Dignity and respect are the key words here , as the Marine Corps shows the meaning of Semper Fidelis.Amanda Richards , April 23 , 2009
 I first watched this a couple of days ago and was blown away . Not only by it 's simplicity , but for it 's unusual look at what happens when a soldier dies and is returned home . I had no idea how the Marines treated their fallen and this film shows the quiet dignity , respect and honor that they afford their fallen as they escort them home to their families . I cried throughout the film and I still cry even though I 'm not watching it right now . The movie is that powerful . Keven Bacon did a superb job in portraying Lt. Col Strobl , who wrote this wonderful story and screenplay . To Lt. Col Strobl
 This is a great moving story , now is the private story of the Phelps family because they lost their son Private First Class Chance Phelps . Mr. Kevin Bacon deserves kudos for the respect and dignity he has afforded the service and memory of a fallen hero by portraying the solemn duty of a Casualty Assistant Officer.All casualty assistant Officers and NCOs -LRB- Non Commissioned Officers -RRB- are any military family 's worse nightmare , because from the moment a Soldier deploys to the battlefield everyone involved -LRB- even the ones at the home front -RRB- knows death is can be just around the corner . The sad reality is that from the moment their duty begins with the assignment of family notification or the actual escort of the remains , the task at hand can be more scarring than actual combat . Knocking on a strangers door to tell the love ones of a Soldier that he is dead , -LRB- one can try to explain it sugar coated by using words like
 This is such an amazing film . The only thing I would add to it , is have taps played at the end ; nevertheless , just amazing . These boys fight for the men next to them and die for the men next to them . Just see it !!!
 good movie , not sitting on the edge of your seat movie , but very informative if you really watch it and see all special care taken .
 While the early years of the Iraq/Afghan War had their fair share of bad news
 Great presintation , that gives a very realistic example of one 's mans respect for a brother in arms who has made the `` Ultimate Sacrifice '' for a way of life he belived in .
 This film was just awesome ! It was beautifully and tastefully done-much better than `` The Messenger '' . `` The Messenger '' , which was a film about similar subject matter ca n't even begin to compare to `` Taking Chance '' . I was riveted to the screen throughout the entire film . The film showed how resectfully the remains of the fallen are treated from the beginning and showed how they are transported back to their home state and family . The entire film was just amazing and Kevin Bacon gave a stellar performance . I highly recommend that everyone watch it and keep a box of kleenex nearby-you 'll need them !
 This film is a tremendous testament to the sacrifices all military families have made , past and present , to preserve the value of freedom . It 's incredibly stirring and emotionally charged . There is no doubt you 'll be moved to tears many times throughout the movie , but it 's so worth the experience and will make you take inventory . Kevin Bacon is perfect for this role , sensitive and completely believable . The most authentic film I 've ever seen in this genre .
 First I should say that I am not a big Kevin Bacon fan but he was superb in this movie.Taking Chance is a very detailed and I will say gut wrenching movie that shows the process of bringing a fallen service man home . The enormous respect given in every step of the way is incredible to view . This is a must see for every person who is from the United States . It will inspire you to have a very grateful and patriotic heart . If it does not I would say you better get your pulse checked .
 Everyone in the US must see this film . The nation for the most part has forgotten about the conflicts currently aflame . A lesson , albeit a bad one , was learned from the Vietnam conflict , and that is
 The movie is a little slow but the story is heart touching . I 've watched it twice now and each time I tear up ; even my husband sheads a tear . I think this is something EVERY American should watch ; so hopefully they can understand more of the sacrifice that our Troops make for us .
 I was n't sure what to expect when watching this but found that I could not make it through the movie without pausing it periodically to recompose myself . The movie stirred up some serious emotions that I had forgotten I had . Having briefly served -LRB- very briefly -RRB- in the Marine Corps . the movie was perhaps more personal for me than it would be for others . Bacon , of course , plays the perfect Marine ; and this is shown in several scenes . One of the best was where his character is asked by snotty TSA employees -LRB- when going through and airport metal detector -RRB- to take off the jacket of his service uniform with all of the ribbons ; to which he replies ... `` I will not disrespect this uniform ... '' The emotional aspect of the film comes through what the audience does not see as opposed to other techniques . The opening scene we see a Dover AFB specialist washing the L.Cpl 's feet and in another we see someone using a steamer to clear the dried blood off his watch and in another we see the L.Cpl 's boots with a splash of dried blood covering them . These scenes come together and the imagination does the rest . The film crosses a kind of barrier one that successfully forces the viewer to concede that this is real and not simply another movie . For those who 've served , first thank you for your service , second I recommend to watch this movie alone as it may stir up forgotten emotions for you as well .
 This is a simple story
 My Force Recon Marine Son , GySgt Robert L. Gilbert II was killed in action this March in Afgan . The Marine escorts rented this movie so they knew what to do to escort Robert home to Ohio . The details played out like they did for Chance . The TSA gave the three Marines trouble about removing their jacket and their shoes . A supervisor stopped the TSA agent and passed the three Marines , Robert 's sister , Robert 's cousin and I through . At the airport the Pilot , a 22 year vet of the Air Force , came down on the tarmat and honored my son . The Marines never left Robert alone until he was placed in his final resting place . I have since got to know Chance 's mother on FaceBook . This movie is a very powerful movie of a real life and death situation . God Bless America , God Bless Chance 's family and Thankyou God for my Marine Son ! Robert Sr. .
 My son was serving in Kuwait and performing some duties covered in this film . He suggested I watch it so I could see what he was doing . I was reluctant to watch this movie because I feared it would be too sad . I did watch it and found it to be a beautifully performed tribute to our troops . You too should watch .
 `` Taking Chance '' is one of the best movies I 've seen . I bought it after renting it because I want to keep it as a classic . No matter what your views are of war , this story will move you . It is an honorable and respectful tribute to a young fallen soldier , and to those who care for him , along his final way home .
 Tells the real story about a young US Marine officer that escorted the body of a fallen brother home . Keep 2 boxes of kleenex next to it and forget the popcorn this time .
 `` Taking Chance '' was possibly the most beautifully done movie I 've ever seen . Period . My respect for the Armed Forces has always been at the top . I want to thank service men and women , of the past , present , and future . Also , I 'd like to thank their families and friends . Freedom is never free and many people take their freedom for granted.The respect showed for the Marine Corps and the fallen Marine throughout this film humbled me . I would recommend this movie 100 times over , to buy or rent , simply as a reminder of what your freedom costs and as a reminder to respect those who serve.Beautifully written . Terrific and heartfelt acting . Emotionally strong.Fantastic .
 The movie `` Taking Chance '' with Kevin Bacon is the most moving and powerful movie you will EVER see . From the first moments of the movie right to the end of it you will be moved , not only moved but moved to tears . The role Kevin Bacon plays is his best work ever , I am shocked that he or the movie did not win coutless awards . When you watch this movie the one thing that is so hard to forget is that this same thing happens each and every day in America and all over the world , every time a U.S. service member is killed . Both my father , step-father , brother and my best friend were career Army and I was in the Air Force , -LRB- I guess I got tired of seeing green my whole life so I went for the blue uniform -RRB- and you will never forget a military funeral . But what you never see at the funeral is all the work , care , concern , respect and love that the fallen service member is treated with . When I was in the Air Force I remember seeing the Hornor Guard at our base practicing every day to make sure that when they were called on it was perfect . The movie `` Taking Chance '' is also perfect ! Perfect acting and perfect casting . Not only Kevin Bacon and his role in this but right down to the airport baggage workers , Rich the driver to the airport , Annie on the plane with Kevin Bacon , Chance 's family , it is all perfect . Watch this movie once and it will go on your list of all time favorites , I have watched it at least ten times already . Everyone I know that has seen it says the same thing about this movie , `` WOW '' .
 This movie is wonderful . Every American should see just what takes place when a deceased soldier returns . The care given the soldier and compassion shown the family is outstanding . Public reaction to this journey is remarkable and makes me proud . I have watched this numerous times and never tire of it . Thank you to the people behind making this project happen . Carol in Penn Yan
 speaking as a veteran this is the most moving video I have ever seen.I belong to the American Legion post 311 and am a member of our honor guard.We do a flag folding ceremony on request for military veterans , and it a very moving experience , but this is way above and beyond.Buy or rent this video and see the respect that our fallen deserve .
 This was a movie was done with such taste and grace that I felt completely drawn into the movie . I had a box of tissues ready , but had no idea that I would be so moved . bravo ! Highly recommend .
 Whatever their politics , I hope that every decent human would agree that fallen soldiers deserve to be treated with honor and respect , and this movie does that . It follows the transport of the remains of PFC Chance Phelps from Iraq to Rammstein in Germany , to Dover , to Philadelphia , to Minneapolis , to Billings , to his hometown in Wyoming.Phelps is escorted home by Lt. Col. Michael Strobl , played by Kevin Bacon in the kind of performance that amazes you with how much a good actor can express by doing very little . Strobl was decorated in combat in Desert Storm , but feels guilt over his office duty when other soldiers are again dying in Iraq . He peruses casualty lists on his computer at night , and sees a soldier -LRB- Phelps -RRB- from his hometown , and volunteers for escort duty.The movie treats the subject matter with as much reverence as the US Military treats soldiers ' remains -- with very human attention to detail . From the soldiers preparing the bodies for burial to the airport tarmac luggage handlers , to Strobl 's fellow airplane passengers , only one person in the entire movie is less than respectful to Strobl 's journey -- an inflexible airport security screener , whom Strobl faces down with determined stoicism.The movie has a minimal plot , no antagonist over whom the protagonist triumphs , and little action . It is neither an anti-war sermon nor a rah-rah military recruitment video . It is almost entirely made up of small , heartbreaking gestures of humanity and respect by strangers toward a fallen Marine and his escort .
 I wo n't speak to the storyline of the movie , as so many others have done so more eloquently than I could , but this is simply one of the best-made movies that you could ever watch.The story itself is deeply moving and profound , but what really makes this film , is the obvious care and deep respect that the creators took when conveying the story . It 's very evident that everyone involved in this film was showing our fallen heroes their own respect and gratitude . The cinematography , music , acting and simply every aspect of this film is a profound `` thank you '' to all of the service men and their families , who have made such a huge sacrifice.Appropriately so , there is little dialog in this movie . Yet , the emotion that is portrayed is incredibly powerful and deeply moving . Although I always considered Kevin Bacon an excellent actor , his performance was so perfect that an Oscar would not be adequate recognition for his efforts . Mr. Bacon shows the level of acting that can only come from a place of intense care and respect for the subject matter , and I can not think of another acting performance by anyone , that has more impact . In fact , all of the actors did an incredible job and should be commended.I do n't think I 've ever run across a movie that so eloquently deals with the incredible sacrifices our service men and their families make . No politics , no agenda , no over-dramatizations and obsession with box office dollars . Just a beautiful story told with honor and dignity . This movie should be seen by everyone , but be prepared , you will need a very large box of Kleenex .
 1 . The only downside to this movie is that it was n't given a chance to be seen / appreciated by more people .2 . In this day in age where you see such an overt bias among with Hollywood elite against all things American and the military , it was with profound gratitude to have seen this movie . There are many deep themes that one could explore and gain from this movie , but the bottomline is that it was well written , well acted and most importantly a simple , quiet and profound movie on life , the moral code among those in the military , patriotic Americans , and how there are still those who value and honor those who serve our great country .
 Every person in America should see . A great tribute to those who serve us .
 Probably Kevin Bacon 's finest role . This film -- more like a documentary -- is done with the type of sensitivity and grace that is necessary to honor the &#34; full measure of sacrifice &#34; as given by our troops in harm 's way .
 I 've purchased this movie approximately 5 times , and because I keep lending it I have to replace it . It 's amazing ; it gives you a new pesrpective and respect for our men and women in the military and how they treat the unfortunate who have given their lives to keep us safe.I highly recommend it to everyone , definitely a must see !
 This arrived in great shape and very quickly . It 's a film worth viewing for allAmericans who have endured that last 10 plus years of war .
 We saw this over the Thanksgiving -LRB- 2012 -RRB- holiday with my family and I had to add it to my personal collection . This is an amazing story . Whether or not one agrees with our nation 's policies , you can not turn a blind eye to the sacrifices of our men and women in uniform . Their selflessness are what keeps America safe . Beautiful picture . My hats off to our Service Men and Women .
 Growing up in a military family I understand the sacrifices made by all in serving our country and protecting our freedom . This movie , though sad , depicts the honor that should be shown a fallen soldier . You do n't have to support a war , you do however need to support those who fight for your right to disagree . The movie is beautifully done , Kevin Bacon is wonderful as the escort . Watch this movie , and remember it next time you see a service man or woman ... Do n't forget to say Thank You For Your Service !
 AS a Marine this is a very great film Kevin does an outstanding job ! Semper Fi Marines Check it out
 This is a powerful & moving film based on Chance Phelps & his military escort . I have shown it a number of times to my high school students in hopes of instilling an appreciation & respect for our troops who have made the ultimate sacrifice for all of us . Students have always agreed that it is a must see film , extremely personal and emotional as well . My hope is that they will always remember those who have earned this place of honor .
 I have n't watch the movie yet but it was shipped very fast and hope to have time to watch it soon .
 great movie , bought as a gift and recipient loved it as well . would recommend , real tear-jerker thought so have kleenex ready
 This is an excellant movie . I have recommended this movie to other people so they can get an idea of how our fallen heros are taken care of when they come home .
 So very powerful ! Gets to the heart and reality of modern war . Shows the essence of patriotism from so many perspectives !
 Sad but informative . I have told so many of my friends to watch this movie . I learned so much about how our Heroes are treated .
 AMAZING MOVIE OF A DEDICATED SENIOR OFFICER TAKING INITIATIVE AND CARE OF A SOLDIER . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE FOR ANYOME . MUST WATCH !!!!
 Wow , I cried my eyes out ! Just seeing how much respect is given to our fallen troops was amazing . Makes me even prouder to be an American !
 Kevin Bacon displayed a very respectful Marine in this film ... Nice job !! ... He made it very true to life ... Also , in every step of the way Chance 's travel to his home town , genuine respect was displayed by airlines employees , etc. . . Tear jerker !!
 The movie was extremely moving ; Kevin Bacon performed his role with the respect it deserved . I wonder how hard was it to research the role ?
 Beautiful and heartwarming story . Kevin Bacon was super . The story line gave life to a situation that is normally avoided and not talked about or even recognized .
 Everyone should see this ... thank you to all who are veterans . It provides a behind the scenes look and shows the depth of emotion after a soldier dies ...
 Having just visited Dover Air Force Base and observing the magnificient manner in which every casualty is received and the flawless dignified and respectful care shown the remains , property and families of the fallen , I found the movie to convey that story well . Of all nations on earth , America values individuals and freedom . When one of its own citizens pays the ultimate sacrifice in service to the country , the nation responds by doing its utmost to honor the service member and all their family . The movie makes me proud to be an American .
 This movie first came out on HBO , and it should have be on the big screen . Excellent movie and acting . Gives you a true insight to something I never knew happened . A must see . Great price for a priceless movie
 I have rented this movie several times over the last few years and have always been deeply moved by it . My brother the ex-Marine recommended it to me . Recently when a local SEAL was killed , I purchased it to help me process his death . It provides a method by which to enter into the heartache of families whose sacrifice usually feels so far-removed from most of our daily lives . And , of course , Kevin Bacon is amazing .
 Every time I caught my breath It was knocked right back out of me . I would not recomend watching this with a friend . Knowing this is based on actual events and a trivia fact I read on imdb.com make this an especially moving story for all americans . The trivia fact stated the defense dept. banned virtually all media coverage of fallen vets return home since the 1991 Gulf War until April 2009 . Then they offered the `` Taking Chance Crew '' a rarely viewed accurate account of the care that goes into the return of our fallen heros . I 'm choking back a tear just writing this review . I pray that our men and women who paid the ultimate price for us are treated no less that the way it is depicted in this movie . It makes me proud and I feel honored to have this soldier 's story shared with me . I do not think it is possible to make a more intimate film than this . A truly humbling experience . And I thought `` We Were Soldiers '' was moving ... wow All I have to say is be prepared to feel .
 This movie was absolutely fantastic ! It was well-made and Kevin Bacon was excellent . If you love your country and our military , you need this movie .
 based on a true story , it was one of the best movies i 've ever seen ! i was crying but i would watch this movie again & again !
 I watched this a couple of years ago and was literally brought to tears . As a military veteran , perhaps I can relate a bit more to the feeling of camaraderie or something that military members feel , but anyone can relate to this tribute to a fallen US Marine . The quiet , respectful manner that Kevin Bacon portrayed as LTC Strobl was perfectly believable . I hope that this movie is released on Blu-Ray disc , as it is one that I will watch every Memorial Day in honor of our troops .
 What to write about this film that has already not been said here ? I can only record my take.Hollywood finally got it right when they produced this one . I can not remember viewing a film which brought out so many emotions . This is one of the most dignified and true to life films I think I have ever viewed.The story ; a true story I might note , is the simple odyssey of a young Marine who has been killed in combat in Iraq . The story follows his journey home to his loved ones for burial . The film begins , as it should , with his death . The viewer will realize right from the start that this work is a bit different . We are not given a bunch of action shots , things being blown up or typical Hollywood special effects . No , for the most part we see a completely black screen and only hear the sounds of combat.The film then meticulously follows this young Marine 's body from the battle field , through processing in Germany and then Dover where it is then escorted by a Marine Lt Col all the way to his small home town ; to his home and family for burial.This work is based upon Lt Col Mike Strobl 's firsthand account of his journey with Lace Cpl. Chance Phelps , a Marine he did not know but never-the-less , a fellow Marine.The lead part is played by actor Kevin Bacon and I truly feel it is the best part Bacon has ever played . He nailed it perfectly . There is absolutely nothing but quiet dignity , a humble dignity in Bacon 's portrayal of Strobl.This film is marked by great sadness . I try to avoid sad movies like the plague but once I started watching this work I simply could not take my eyes off of it -LRB- three times -RRB- and I think I was wet eyed throughout the entire thing . I should think that anyone who watches this film with out feeling and without emotion ... deep feelings , has either a stone heart or is an incredibly insensitive lout.There are no special effects in this movie . There are no contrived Hollywood type love interests ; there are not political statements such as pro war or anti war . No left wing or right wing yammering to contend with and no glitzy star studded cast . No , this is a very simple , moving and dignified film . It is a film about heroes , both in the military and civilian . It is about decent people doing a decent act.War is a horrible thing and most sane people would agree with that . This film does address one of the consequences of war ; a consequence that has been played out throughout our nation 's history all too often . I was glad to see that they made a film that actually captured this on a very , very personal level.Thank you Lance Cpl Chance Phelps , Lt Col Mike Strobl and all the men and women of our armed forces.Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks
 The fact that my son is a Marine had something to do with my response to this film . However it is a masterpiece and will be remembered that fallen soldiers will not be forgotten . It also reflects the country 's reactions to a soldier returning to the US for buriel and the dedication and honor that is bestowed upon him by the officer accompanying him to his final destination . MUST SEE
 This video is a solemn reminder of today 's cost of war , the respect of Americans for the fallen and their sympathy for the families . The video could n't have been done with more respect .
 Every American that loves their country should see this movie to realize the sacrifice that so many of our Hero men and women have given for their country . An excellent job by the producers and the men and women that put this movie together and an added salute to Kevin Bacon for his portrayal of the Col that actually made the trip . An outstanding job ...
 Absolutely amazing film ; gripping and a real reat jecker . Highly recommend and THANK YOU to every man and woman that has served our country .
 Probably the best movie ever made . The situation depicted could apply to any war , not just the Iraq war.I wish it would air on ABC CBS or NBC . Everyone should watch this movie at least once.Semper Fi and thank you to all who have served and continue to serve our country . You are never forgotten .
 this movie honors all of our military . gives many details about the military escort personnel and the training they have to do before they can be considered . sad subject , but , very uplifting .
 A beautiful and understated production done with a feeling of utmost respect and solemnity . Kevin Bacon gives the deeply moving performance the script demanded . The attention to detail is stunning . This is a story that all Americans can feel united about . It 's about who we are as a nation with all the divisive issues and opinions stripped away.Steve Alpert
 This film is very well acted by Kevin Bacon . It is not a political statement about war , but shows the complete respect given to our fallen servicemen at an incredibly difficult time . Very moving .
 Taking Chance is a excelent and eduactional movie on honoring our fallen soldiers as they are being brought back home to their final resting place . You may need a kleenix , but this is a money well worth viewing not only once , but a few times . If you have ever lost someone in our armed forces or even if you have n't , it is great to see the honor and respect given to these fine and faithful fallen men and women . God Bless Them , Their Families and God Bless Our Country .
 This movie will make you proud to be am American regardless of your views of war . The respect from total strangers as this fallen soldier goes home is very heartwarming . My daughter and I watched this movie together and neither one of us had dry eyes at the end . It was made with sensitivity and there were no horribly graphic images . I would suggest this movie to everyone . It pays homage to all our fallen .
 This is a film that every American should view at once a year just so we do not forget what these boys gave for our country .
 THis will be short.I lost 2 friends in Viet Nam . `` Taking Chance '' is so moving , so very , very moving . I cried from beginning to end ; it brought back so many memories .
 I loved this movie . I saw it twice on T.V. and just had to buy the dvd . Not heavy on dialog this movies meaning is very visible . No matter if you support the war -LRB- I do n't -RRB- or not this movie will make you support not just our troops but their families . Make sure you watch this movie !!! GOD BLESS OUR TROOPS AND MAY THEY COME HOME SOON !!!!
 This was one of the best movies I have ever watched ! Kevin Bacon is indeed a great actor and I truly believe he became personally involved with the making this true story movie . This movie should have been on the big screen instead of `` made for HBO '' . I 'm 63 years old and came through Viet Nam , but I am not at all ashamed to admit that this movie really moved me to tears .
 I really loved the movie . I was especially moved by the way people totally unconnected were drawn into the veteran 's journey home . This should be required watching for every student in this country from sixth grade onward . I think it would go a long way to improve their attitude and opinion of the United States Military . As a Vietnam Veteran , I strongly recommend this family movie to anyone and everyone who has had a family member in any branch of the military who was sent to fight overseas in any war . It may help you understand why they do n't want to talk about it . If you were n't there , you ca n't comprehend it .
 This story had me choked up from beginning to end . Every time I saw the respect that is shown to those who have fallen and have given their ultimate sacrifice -- from the gentle cleaning of that person 's fingernails to the offloading of the coffin in the hometown -- tears rolled down my face . I wo n't retell the basic story -- so many have already done so -- but I will comment on Kevin Bacon 's performance . It was n't a performance . It was n't Kevin Bacon . He did it so well , I forgot who the actor was and just saw the man that he was portraying . * That * is talent and , at the same time , showed a great respect for the subject matter .
 I coach youth color guards , and I show this film to every team that I coach . The American Flag is more than a simple piece of cloth , and this film shows why it means so much more - as our best and brightest give everything thing they ever were and everything they would ever have in its defense.It 's easy to forget the sacrifices that preserve our freedom . Not only the sacrifices of our soldiers , sailors , airmen and Marines , but also the sacrifices of the families of the fallen , and all the lives that they touched in their journey.I could talk about the exceptional acting , fantastic production values , and wonderful script . But to me , doing so would detract from what this film really means to me . In short , young men -LRB- and women -RRB- like Chance Phelps made an incredible sacrifice for me and every other American , and every time I see this film I am reminded of my responsibilities to remember them and appreciate the freedoms that I enjoy as a result .
 A must see movie for anyone trying to understand what military families go through when there loved one is deployed and the soldiers , sailors , airman and marines who survive the war . Taking Chance was a very detailed account of what happens when a loved one does n't return home and the care the US military affords its KIA . As a father of a soldier who deployed to Iraq but returned home to us this movie hit very close to home .
 To summarize this fact-based film is quite simple
 Now that my daughter is home from the war , I allowed myself to watch a movie about the subject . I could n't have found a better one than Taking Chance . From the first 10 minutes , I was hooked . As the movie developed , I marvelled at the continued engagement of ordinary people
 My goodness , this is a very well made and powerful movie . Understated , subtle and authentic , Kevin Bacon is at his peak - but special Kudos to Director Ross Katz -LRB- Lost in Translation -RRB- . There are so many ways to interpret each scene and so many questions are posed only for the viewer to answer . This is rare , respectful and terribly effective.I came across this by accident and was profoundly affected by the unexpected intensity and complexity.Highly recommended to everyone .
 What a powerful movie ! One of the most emotionally moving movies I have ever seen . It really shows the best of America . I recommend this movie to everyone !
 Taking Chance is an excellent movie for anyone who respects the sacrifices our young men and women of the armed forces make for us . Being a former Marine , this movie was must see . I first watched it when it was on HBO . It took everything in my to not choke up during a lot of the movie . Kevin Bacon is excellent . Being based on a true story , attention to detail is evident with all the proper escorting / guarding the casket procedures . A Marine full honors funeral is one that all Americans should witness . It will give you chills and remain a strong memory of yours for the reset of your life . For those who have not seen a Marine funeral , this movie is the closest to the real thing you will see . Semper Fi
 I am a retired Master Gunnery Sergeant who spent 11 tours in the middle east , and I was brought to tears over Kevin Bacon Performance and his betrail of a US Marine . Thank-you !!!
 This is an informative and beautiful movie taking you through the care a fallen Marine receives on his final trip home . It is a very moving story appropriate for most ages .
 Even though I have seen `` Taking Chance '' many , many times , I deliberately chose to purchase a personal copy because of its superlative account of the duties of the Military Escort Officer.I am a retired Air Force officer after 20 years , including a tour in Vietnam . This awesome movie was the immediate cause of my driving wish to serve as a Military Escort Officer at least once , even though I am retired . So much so , that I have actively sought out such a one-time assignment which would entail my traveling to Dover AFB for last minute training and interaction with the local Air Force mortuary.I have repeatedly contacted key congressional representatives and senators , but to no avail because I am no longer on active duty . In spite of this bureaucratic roadblock , I do not intend to give up because this service is a heartfelt dream that I will not walk away from.God bless the United States of America.John Love -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I saw this movie when it first aired on HBO . It was so moving , I recorded it to show friends and relatives . I have since bought 5 copies to give as gifts . The people who do n't listen to the news or care about the wars we are currently engaged in , must see this film . It is truly an incredible movie that every person in the U.S. should view .
 Every American should see this Movie . It should be required viewing ! Wow it is sad but so moving and it makes you proud to be an American again .
 Being a Vietnam Veteran it is certainly comforting to know our brave men and women are taken care ofKevin Bacon plays a great part in this movie and this movie will definately bring tears to your eyes
 Taking Chance is a humanitarian story involving a little known part of a soldier 's loss of life . Inspired by the true story of United States Marine , Lieutenant Colonel Michael Strobl , who volunteered to escort the remains of a nineteen year old soldier -LRB- Lance Corporal Chance Phelps -RRB- who was killed during active duty in Iraq to his final resting place in distant Wyoming . Strobel , -LRB- Kevin Bacon -RRB- makes it his personal mission to prepare this young soldier for his journey home with respectful honor while gaining further insight of human sacrifice . A compassionate story .
 Taking ChanceThis true story is so powerful that I believe it should be shown in every classroom of our nation . I firmly believe that the children of today have no idea of how honored and dedicated many of the military personnel are , who handle the last remains of our fallen servicemen and women . Our school children must be given the opportunity to witness this respect for others exemplified by so many people from all walks of life . Kevin Bacon gives a fine portrayal of the Colonel , who wrote this story . It will be a rare person who watches this movie and does n't come away with a lump in their throat or pride in their heart .
 Taking Chance is a well done documentary of a soldier 's final trip home . This movie is very quiet and somber , there is not a lot of action , which draws the viewer in deeper . Taking Chance gives a name and a face to each of our fallen , and recognizes the pain and the void left with family , friends , and peers . Every American needs to see this film , regardless of political position , and opinion of the war . These are our brothers , sons , and fathers , and every life matters . To watch is painful , but necessary in order to keep the mind refreshed of the cost of freedom .
 I watched Taking Chance and the emotion is immense . The honor shown to this young man is incredible . The story reaches out and grabs you in your heart .
 Extremely emotional movie . A military movie with no guns or violence . One of my favorites . Ironic I saw it on Memorial Day .
 I defy anyone with a pulse to not cry while watching this movie . Having a friend who 's sister does what Kevin Bacon does I can say that it is an accurate portrayal.It was extremely humbling to me to watch it .
 Taking Chancemust see movie ... I almost cried many time during the movie ... RIP , , , , Semper Fi.USMC 95-99
 What a difficult balancing act to make a film like this without taking a stand either pro or con in this war we are currently fighting . In our divisive times , I at first thought this was a herculean task after watching this highly effective movie . Now I believe , the story was told as it was . It 's a story of loyalty , sacrifice , and love . No spin needed . Bacon is a great actor of our times . To say so much with a look , a reaction , they way he carries himself in the role of a Marine is inspiring . More importantly , the armed forces who do their jobs in our stead are a special group of men and women . Who can say the new American generation is selfish and ignorant ? Well , I have as a fifty year-old said that . Thank a veteran or a present member of the military , every time you see them . God bless the families of all the fallen and the injured .
 The movie has been summarized by many others . All I have to say is just watch the movie , it has nothing and I mean nothing to do with your political view . Just go to sleep at night knowing people like Mike Strobl and Chance Phelps exist in the world . The story is so moving and powerful and awe inspiring you would think this ca n't be a true story . Just watch it , you will be glad you did . Oh , bring some tissues along .
 Delicate and sensitive about the bringing home ofone of our boys . It strips away the usual Hollywoodoverplay to the basic and it is one of Kevin Bacon ` sfinest performances
 I bought this film mainly because we do n't have HBO and I wanted to see it . It 's an incredible movie and will make you cry . It also shows that one of a kind characteristic of a marine . Kevin Bacon gave an incredible performance like always . This is a great movieChloe Diaz
 I have many military DVD films . After watching this film , which was a very emotional and moving story.It is the best of all military films in my collection . The sacrifice that our military personnel and there families give this country makes it our responsibility to always thank them for their service to this country .
 This was so much better than I expected . Everyone should see this show . Bacon was superb ! A definite sleeper that needs to get out there .
 I have ONE thing to say about this move - WATCH IT -LRB- it will touch your heart forever !!!!! -RRB- It did n't get enough publicity and every person living in this country should watch this movie to give honor to those who have died to protect our freedom!A + + + + + + +
 This is an awesome movie . It makes you proud to be an American and also gives wonderful insight into the way the Marines take care of their fallen . Very well done .
 Excellent portrayal of the great love and care given to the men who are killed in Iraq and Afghanistan .
 Thanks Chance . Thanks to Chance 's family for sharing his story . Thanks to all Marines and soldiers and their families .
 I loved this movie and Kevin Bacon . He played the ulitimate marine . My son is a Marine and I almost did n't watch this . I did with my husband and cried through the whole movie . At the end I felf more pride and honor then ever before . I felt at peace that God forbid something happens to my son , he will be taken care of with pride , honor and respect . It was heartfelt and done with such dignity for our soliders . Every parent who has a son or daughter in the armed services should watch this .
 Take the chance to enjoy this movie , where we can see the Irak war under another light . A bright one indeed.If one movie can show us the futility of wars , this is it . Kevin Bacon brings to the screen a so soft merging of feelings , where we learn that honoring a fallen soldier may mean just to `` be there '' with your heart ; nothing else.If only it was not a movie , if only the nobility shown by all those exposed to the presence of Chance Phelps could be replicated in real life , wars would be ended forever .
 Purchased 4 of these for gifts so far . My husband , 11 year old son and I enjoyed this so much . Very respectful story a fallen Marine 's journey home . A must see .
 `` Taking Chance '' shows both the realities of war and the heart felt admiration for our military . The movie stays away from the politics that have surrounded the war and focused on the emotional aspects that have resulted.Highly recommended from a Marine 's standpoint .
 This is a wonderful true story about a young brave US soldier killed in the war on terror . War is so horrible , and the sacrifices to random , that the name Chance , the soldiers name , has a double meaning . The respect of the people who handle the body of the slain soldier , and those that witness the movement back to his home , are more than moving . Bacon does a wonderful job portraying the role of the escort with dignity and honor .
 No matter what your political leanings are , or how you feel about our Military fighting in the Middle East ... YOU MUST SEE THIS MOVIE.You will be moved !
 I saw part of this on HBO , Found it interesting so I had to get it . I lent it to my brother , He had watched it three times . It 's A good movie
 This is an awesome movie ! Everyone should see it . It 's one of Kevin Bacon 's best roles ever .
 I stumbled across this very special film a few nights ago while flipping channels and I honestly ca n't recall a time when I felt so profoundly moved by a movie.I used to watch the Sunday morning news program `` This Week With George Stephanopoulos '' and there was always a part in the show where they would do an `` In Memoriam '' segment and list the names / ages and homes of those service people who were killed in Iraq / Afghanistan the previous week . And I always found it to be a very sombre and sobering minute or so when you would see the names of these 19 and 20 year olds who lost their lives on some dusty road outside of Kandahar or Baghdad , for example.I 's hard to put into words what makes this film so special . Perhaps it 's because so many of the film 's most poignant moments did not require any dialogue - the scene where the baggage handlers on the tarmac pause , while Chance 's casket is coming down the conveyor belt , to pay their respects . Or the young boy and girl at the airport looking down on his coffin and trying to make sense of what they 're seeing . The landscaper in the distance who removes his cap and stops working for a moment as the casket becomes visible.There 's numerous moments like these throughout the film and it 's very difficult to keep your emotions in check when you realize the countless times this scene has played out over the years . As other reviewers have so eloquently stated , these moments transcend politics when you realize the extent of the sacrifice these men and women have made so that people ike you and I can enjoy all of the freedoms we experience in our lives each and every day.In Canada where I live now , there 's a major highway - the 401 - that essentially runs the course of the country . It 's recently been renamed the Highway of Hero 's and whenever a fallen Canadian soldier returns to Canada after losing his / her life in Afghanistan , for example , thousands and thousands of people will line this highway and the overpasses to pay their respects as the vehicle carrying the soldier to his final resting place passes by . It really is a remarkable scene , particularily in view of the fact that 99.9 % of the people did not have a personal relationship with the fallen soldier.The final moments of this special film contain photographs and actual film footage of Chance Phelps as a young boy growing into manhood and it 's so sad to watch him knowing that his life has ended so quickly and so suddenly.Like so many others , I sometimes take for granted the incredible sacrifice these individuals make on my behalf.After seeing this very moving film , I do n't think I will ever adopt that mindset again.A very special thanks to Lt. Col. Mike Strobl and the actors / film makers who allowed me to see this film and learn about Chance Phelps.God bless you , Chance and rest in peace . !
 Incredible and Moving . This is a Great Buy !!! Whether you are a Man or a Woman , it will surely work on your Heart
 This is a must see . Kevin Bacon really plays the role well . It will pull at your heart strings . I think every family should see this movie . weather your for or against the war really do n't matter it is a matter of supporting our troops and their families . I did this job once and trust me it is right on the money .
 Awesome , humbling , patriotic movie -- so much so , you ca n't come away from it after watching not moved so much this great simple , story . A + + + + + + -- My Dad who was a Marine , told me about this movie . When he got to WW2 , it was ending and he shined buckles , shined buttons . He said `` we would shine them , polish them to perfection '' . -- With the war going on for us , this generation , speaking for myself . . I want to know more about this war , and WW11 . I found out from my mother that my uncles who were 20 & 22 that they were in the army . My Uncle got a medal of honor , for crawling under wire to get a wounded mate out , under fire . His unit also liberated a concentration camp . -- Found my other uncle on my Dad ; s side was a Marine who signed up , and was there in the beginning . He was n't a very happy man as little as I knew of him.It 's a simple story , but very profound in a simple way , and very honorable . I highly recommend this tremendous movie.The honor that is shown to our military services towards the men/women killed in action that are taken back to their home was insightful . The story about this marine was true.Must see movie
 Based on a true story this is a wonderful film -- if you can say that about the death of a Marine . Kevin Bacon did an amazing job showing what escort officers and/or NCOs go through physically and emotionally themselves . Truely I feel that everyone should see this movie .
 Great movie ! Having been around thousands of Marines for the last few years , the movie is a just portrayal of the selfless lives of our warrior culture and the tribute they pay to their fallen . It is a sacred process the general public is not often privy to . Every Marine who has shared a comment with me about the movie , has given it a favorable review .
 This had to be a sleeper . I only ran across it on netflix by chance , ironically . Loved the movie . I loaned it to a friend and he can not stop talking its praises . His said his wife cried her eyes out . Maybe this will re-sensitize america to what continues to happen everyday to our men and women of the armed forces . Our media does not pay much attention to the deaths of soldiers like they did when the war first started . It is as if they do not matter anymore , , . this movie which is based off of a true story helps shine the light back upon something that is still very important and real . I would recommend this movie to anyone with my highest rating .
 Excellent movie for respect and reverence for soldiers who give their life for us all that we might be free . Bacon is excellent in this role . But there needs to be some spiritual aspect of the movie . The absence of a chaplain or a message weakens the touch of the movie . They could have really hit a home run with a good chaplain speaking about the soldier . Families need the Word of GOD to comfort in a time like this and I think they missed a great opportunity to express this .
 This movie should be a must watch for everyone over twelve . This film is not only a reminder that our troops are deployed all over the world , but also drives home the point that when the worst happens over events take place involving all walks of life . It is not an easy or pleasant task to escort a body of a fallen soldier home , but it is a military tradition of care and honor . If , while watching this movie , you do not find tears welling up or flowing freely , you just might be devoid of emotion .
 `` Taking Chance '' should be seen by every American ! Such a moving tribute to PFC Lance Phelps and all our fallen soldiers , their brothers and sisters in arms and their families . The tremendous sacrifices made by so many should be at the forefront of our minds EVERY DAY ! It is because they are willing to protect and preserve our freedoms - and lay down their lives to do so - that we enjoy the blessings so often taken for granted in our everyday lives . Kevin Bacon is INCREDIBLE in his portrayal of Lt. Col. Mike Strobl . This movie is not about entertainment . It is about purpose and honor and the integrity of everyday Americans . AN EXCEPTIONAL piece of work ...
 Taking Chance is probably the most sensative film I 've seen in years . It makes you feel very proud to be an American even though the subject matter is very delicate .
 This is really well balanced and very meticulously prepared movie . Showing such a complicated thing which a lot of people do not care about and realize in a simple yet effective way is really praiseworthy . A display of a fallen soldier 's journey back home and all people involved in it along with the emotions , care and honor is really touching . My words would be simply awesome work bringing out such a great presentation .
 One of the best movies to help appreciate what our serviceman sacrifice to keep us safe . Except for the obligatory jab at George Bush , this was a real life look at the heart of America and the passion for our values which is many times lost to the Inside the Beltway crowd .
 One of the best movies I have seen in a long time . Kevin Beacon does a marvelous job . It brought tears to my eyes . It restores one 's faith in the American people . I highly recommend this movie to anyone . It would be a good movie for teens to view .
 This movie is a must for anyone that likes Kevin Bacon , has those in the military or just enjoys a heart wrenching flick . Do n't forget the tissues .
 Excellent movie . If hollywood produced more movies like this i would actually have a little respect for them . Really hits home with respect for those who serve in the military .
 This movie is a tear jerk-er . It depicts a true story about accompanying a soldiers remains home after being killed in action . Kevin Bacon does a great job and the whole movie is very well done.Anyone would claims to be a patriot should see this movie . My husband and I are so glad we purchased it . I had heard about the movie from one of the talk shows and we do n't have -LRB- I think it was -RRB- HBO to have been able to see if and it 's was n't offered on demand , so I 'm am very glad we purchased it !
 Excellent movie . Real tear jerker ... worse part is that it is based on a true story so you can imagine how all the family and friends of this Great Hero Chance Phelps must have felt .
 This was by far the best movie I have ever seen . It was not your typical Hollywood movie , but it made me very proud to be an American . I was humbled beyond explanation , and words can not express the gratitude I have to all of our armed forces . It is because of them that I am able to write this . God Bless all of our troops .
 Our family loves this movie . It makes me so so proud to be an American . Believe it or not , watching this movie made it easier to send our son off to Marine boot camp .
 I purchased several of these for family members . Coming from a big military family and having a nephew in the Army , this film really set minds to ease when it came to the care and dignity given the fallen .
 This is a film the liberal media does n't want you to see . This is not a movie that endorses war , nor is it anti-war . It merely chronicles the journey of a dead American soldier as he makes his final trip home . What is so moving about this picture is the unconditional respect this young man receives from every American who crosses his path . It is as much the story of the American people as it is of one individual tragically killed in the line of duty . See this and once again be proud of who you are ... unless of course , you think America is evil .
 This is one of the most moving movies and really touches your heart for those who give the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom .
 This is one of the most moving films I have ever watched . I dare anyone to get through this with dry eyes . The dignity and respect with which the military brings our fallen heros home leaves you speechless . This should be shown in schools all over the country .
 A simple story so movingly told . The story is about U.S.Marine Michael Strobl -LRB- Kevin Bacon -RRB- who escorts the last remains of Private First Class Chance Phelps from the mortuary at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware to his home in Wyoming , which also happens to be Strobl 's hometown . The movie starts with a black screen and the only audible sound is the radio chatter . This is the death scene of Chance Phelps . The story takes us on a journey through The story takes the viewer into some seldom-seen corners of America -- from airport cargo facilities to the mountain highways of Wyoming -- and shows everywhere the reverence for the fallen . When the escort gives Phelps ' watch , dog tags , and wooden cross to his parents , eight days after his death , even men will feel the tears coming . Finally , as Lt Col Strobl -LRB- who had not yet been to Operation Iraqi Freedom when he accompanied Phelps ' remains home -RRB- thinks over the experience , there 's a meditation on where duty lies for a Marine Corps officer . Along trip to the destination , Bacon encounters American soul everywhere . From the ticket agent who upgrades him to first class , the cargo handlers who have seen all kinds of cargo , the airline pilot and to the traffic on the street . These scenes are so outstanding in their emotional depth that it would be impossible to feel unmoved . This movie is the result of the meticulous reports that Army escorts are supposed to keep so that their knowledge is useful for future escorts . Strobl volunteers to be an escort because he feels that it is his patriotic duty as he can not stay on the sidelines while others are fighting . Consider this movie now 5 stars 111809
 It does n't matter if you agree or not with the war in Afganistan and Iraq . This movie takes no sides . It is a well balanced , non-political movie that tells the story of a young PFC Marine named Chance Phelps who is killed in Iraq in the line of duty . Lt. Col. Strobl volunteers for escort duty and what unfolds in the days following is a story worth telling . The honor , compassion and pride of the service men and women and the respect shown by the American people will draw tears to your eyes and put a lump in your throat , and give you an appreciation for our armed services and what they do on a daily basis that we rarely get a glimpse of .
 Very touching movie of what takes place with some one that is lost in the war . Both my wife and I cried through the movie . Reality is we have lost a loved one in the war , Afghanistan . The dignity expressed in the movie is identical to that shown to our son-in-law . We were impressed with the entire movie and the presentation of the theme of the plot . Great movie , very good acting , very heart touching and realistic show . Every one should view this movie .
 I found this movie very enlightening and touching . I have a son in the military and the movie brought peace to me . I was once on a flight where an Escort was bringing a young man home and was impressed when the pilot announced that he had to honor of giving this young private his last ride home . Everyone should see it .
 I found this movie to be uplifting . It made me proud to be an American for the way we treat the fallen soldiers . Bacon did an excellant job conveying the inner saddness yet outward pride whenever he assisted the next move .
 This is quite possibly the most powerful movie I have ever watched . Whether you 're military , civilian , or a dependent if this movie does n't move you there is something wrong with you . I really do think this is one of the best movies I 've ever seen .
 I saw Kevin Bacon on the Craig Ferguson show where a clip of this movie was shown . I ordered it the next day.I watched it two nights ago and am still thinking about it . I thought it was going to be about an officer who volunteers to escort a fallen soldier back to his resting place . It 's about how nice people can be , how people can surprise you in this day of cynicism . It renews your faith in humanity.It 's well done . If you have ever gone through an event which moved you , you will appreciate the quick flashbacks in this movie . The flashbacks in the movie are not embellished , just rewinds of respect and care by humans . It 's a simple and powerful movie .
 This is a wonderful movie about how being an escort for a fallen Marinemade an impacet on his life and others around the country . Was a lovely tribute to the Marine and to the Military for their care in handling acasualty of the war . Have your tissues ready !
 All I have to say is that this movie is Great!It really impressed me with how great of a job they did .
 I first heard of this story as an email circulated among Marines . The film truly does justice to the individuals involved , in my opinion . This is a must see !!
 This is a must see for everyone in this country . I wish I could have given it a 10 star rating . It makes me proud to be an American that I know all our fallen soldiers are treated so lovingly . Thank you to the Phelps family for allowing us to share in their grief . Please , watch this movie and pass it along to everyone you know . They will thank you for it .
 A wonderful film in all aspects . Bacon does an excellent job as a Marine Col escorting the body of a fallen comrade for burial . Film will choke you up at times but in the end make you proud you are an American . Enjoy !
 This is one of those movies that you just have to see and own . It is worth the tears to get the feeling of pride and admiration for Americans that you see throughout the movie . Most Americans would never know the respectful way our fallen military are treated without a movie like this.A definate MUST SEE !
 Excellent movie . I highly recommend this for everyone . Kevin Bacon at his all time best .
 I do recommend seeing Taking Chance . I was pleasantly surprised how moving and well produced this movie is . It makes you proud to be an American !!! Kevin Bacon did an excellent job .
 I saw this movie and was immediately touched ... This is a movie that is based on a true account of a marine escort and his journey and observations along the way . It is a very well done movie that show what military honors are given to those service members that have died as a result of conflict . It sheds light on this honorable mission and how the spirit of America is still alive and well . This is not a pro/anti war movie it simply showcases the final honors that are bestowed upon our servicemebers whom have given us our freedom . I hope that every true American watches this at least once !
 This is a good , patriotic movie . The mark of a quality film is when you recall both action and dialog . That 's true here . HBO should have placed Taking Chance into theatrical release so it 'd qualify for Oscar consideration .
 Taking Chance is a wonderful movie , it really gives you an insight as to what the process for bringing fallen soldiers home . I really want to think the family for allowing this movie to be made , they couldnt have picked a better actor than Kevin Bacon . I highly recommend this movie to everyone .
 This is a powerful and emotional movie . What a view of the respect that is paid to our fallen soliders both by the military and civilians . Kevin Bacon is outstanding .
 This is a great reminder of the sacrifices our service men / women and their families make for our country.It also show the respect they are given when their bodies are returned home.Kevin Bacon deserves the award he received for his role as the escort for Chance .
 Kevin Bacon plays Lt. Col. Mike Strobl , a Marine who requests he be the escort for Chance Phelps , a fellow soldier killed in Iraq . The movie is so terribly sad throughout as the viewer witnesses the journey of Chance 's coffin from when it is offloaded from the plane , to the Marine morgue where the body is cleansed and readied for transport , and finally as it makes its journey to Phelps 's hometown . The respect shown by airline personnel and citizens of America really brought home the American spirit toward those who offer their lives for our freedom . Based on a true story , this is absolutely one of the most moving films I 've ever watched . Incredible . If I could give it more than 5 stars , I would and wish every American could watch . Please keep our soldiers in your prayers . They 're the true heroes of America .
 Fantastic movie.Really brings home the emmotion of the return of our soldiers , and the respect shown that they truly deserve.Kevin Bacon was perfect in this movie .
 Being the widow of a dedicated Army and Reserve veteran whan I received this video I watched it eagerly . I was not however prepared for the power of this video . I have felt compelled to watch it over and over again . It is truely moving and I would recommend everyone see it . American does n't know what military families endure .
 This is the movie I have been waiting for HBO to release on DVD . When I first saw the movie I was captivated by the ambiance of the film - patriotic , respect and honor . Some of these expressions of American pride has been lost over the years . One death of one man touching several people as he was moved from state to state . Kevin Bacon played a role that I will always remember him in . He said `` As long as Chance was moving I felt that he was alive . '' Great performances . Well directed . Should be shown every Veterans , Memorial , and Independence Day . This is a film that helps me to be proud to be an American of the United States of America .
 TAKING CHANCE was one of the best movies I have seen in quite awhile . The story of what happens to a fall soldier from the time of death to that final resting place was stirring and heart rending at the same time . I now have such respect for the care the men and women give in preparing the body for travel and honor forTaking Chancethe soldier who accompanies the fallen soldier home . It truly tells the story of the meaning of what giving your life for your country means . Kevin Bacon did an excellent job in this movie as the soldier who takes Chance home . I highly recommend this movie .
 Yes , `` Taking Chance '' is quite moving and ultimately profound in a way that can not really be described with words.I believe the Amazon review -LRB- s -RRB- above miss , slightly , a bit of the point as Kevin Bacon 's role , very well acted to be sure , is not really central to this story , the way many of us feel about our service men and women is ... and the journey that too many others have had to make .
 This is one of the most powerful movies I 've ever watched . I sat through the DVD twice . To some extent , it 's a documentary of how fallen soldiers are treated , because we are taken behind the scenes at Dover AFB . But it 's the story of a journey that captures viewers . I was especially moved by the scene on the mountain roads where a trucker , realizing what 's in the hearse and who 's in the rental car following , slows down and creates a procession of cars with lights on , leading the warrior home.Kevin Bacon 's character asked for escort duty because the young man was from a town near his own home town . But it turned out the family was now in Wyoming , in a small town reached by arduous travel . Normally a PFC would not be escorted by a senior officer . It was n't planned , but it turned out that PFC Chance was a real hero . The bonus material tells us Chance was actually promoted to Lance Corporal but the orders did n't arrive before his death.The movie actually understates the drama . An article about the movie reveals that Chance 's sister , a navy petty officer , worked for an admiral in the Pentagon . The admiral apparently flew out to the funeral with other navy members.It 's a beautiful story of how military people in general , and Marines in particular , bond together over what 's really important .
 Coming from a woman who has a long history of military in her family and my boyfriend is currently military and a police officer , this movie was beyond beautiful . I can not describe the emotions that we felt when we watched it . I cried through almost the whole movie . When I had watched it , I did not personally know anyone who had been killed in combat . After watching this , a very close person to me was killed in Iraq . I find the movie even more beautiful and touching due to the fact that I know what he went through when he came home . This movie was so perfectly done and with such class and taste . It is an absolute must see for everyone.I must comment on the person who gave this 2 stars because it did n't have any `` romantic temptation or protestors '' . Really ? Yeah , I do n't think so . The movie was about a real person , who really died for you . Sorry if he had no extra drama to bring to the table . Yes , it was made for tv but it was by no means made for entertainment purposes . If you need entertainment , you 're an adult . Entertain yourself.God bless our Sailors , Marines , Soldiers and Air Force .
 This is a quiet , somber film that is deeply powerful and moving . Five minutes into the film , tears filled my eyes and kept coming through the entire story . This is a finely crafted story that should be required viewing for every citizen and especially for those making the life and death decisions that put our sons and daughters in harms way . I have n't served in the armed forces , nor have my children . I know people who have served , but I do n't know anyone who has made the ultimate sacrifice , so I was quite startled by my reaction to the film . How it so deeply moved me to see and feel the loss of this son from his family and friends . Truly , as someone interviewed in the DVD extras surmised , Chance 's departure is a loss to all of us . I would put this film in a class that exemplifies the best kind of story telling ... the kind of storytelling that makes us want to be better people . Please see this film.Taking ChanceTaking Chance -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
 This is the most moving film I have ever watched . I was overwhelmed by the love and care and honor that is shown to our fallen heroes . I think this is a movie that everyone should see . You wo n't ever forget it . I would definitely give it 5 stars .
 I am a social studies teacher in Gary , Indiana . Many of my students have family or friends serving in the military . I do n't show a lot of films during the course of the year , but this is one that I will be showing for years to come . It is a great film with lots of emotion and my middle school students seem to really connect with the messages in the film . I think this film is an excellent way to demonstrate to kids that they need to appreciate the struggles and sacrifices that our fellow Americans make when they joined any branch of the armed forces . Kevin Bacon is superb , and this is his best performance to date . I may be a `` bleeding heart liberal '' but I know an excellent film when I see one . You must see this movie . It is unforgettable .
 I first saw this film on HBO . I was overwhelmed by the deep emotions I experienced from beginning to end . I had no idea , prior , about the multi-faceted attention to the most minute of details when returning one of our fallen heroes from battlefield to final resting place . Everyone in our country should have ready access to this film . Viewing `` Taking Chance '' should be mandatory for ALL members of our Congress and all Government personnel in any way affiliated with our military.A very powerful film !! I bought 1 copy for myself and 1 copy to loan to everyone I know who has not yet seen it.Recommend it highly .
 I have watched `` Taking Chance '' twice and loved it both times . Learned so much I did n't know about the process of bringing a body home . It was done with style , compassion and patriotism . Kevin Bacon was exceptional . Also watched the Real Story on the DVD and was impressed . Too bad this is a sleeper that many people wo n't see because everyone should know how well our Heroes are brought home . Being a veteran 's widow -LRB- not in action -RRB- I am proud of all the people that take part in this duty . God Bless America
 A great movie showing the respect fellow military personal show their fallen brothers . The film shows several points of view , all from inside the military community . A much needed voice in a world that often confuse traditions and respect with politically charged emotions . I salute the effort .
 Taking Chance is one of the most beautiful movies I 've seen in years . It depicts how those in the military take care of their fallen comrades . Kevin Bacon did an outstanding job representing the military . This is a movie everyone who witnessed 911 should see.To see how our soldiers too are giving their lives for our country .
 Great movie . It really gives you a new respect for ALL soldiers and what they are doing for our freedom .
 I viewed this film at a pre-screening , and I left the theater deeply moved . It 's a simple story made into a heartfelt film -- Marine Lieutenant Colonel Michael Strobl -LRB- perfectly played by Kevin Bacon -RRB- accompanies the remains of Private First Class Chance Phelps from the mortuary at Dover AFB in Delaware to his home in Wyoming.The Marine 's death in Iraq occurs in the tense first minute of the film , with viewers only hearing the radio chatter and the explosion on a black screen . The screen comes to light with PFC Phelps ' remains being sent to the U.S. . The care of the remains and the personal effects makes visible and gives dignity to the anonymous work at Dover AFB.The story takes the viewer into some seldom-seen corners of America -- from airport cargo facilities to the mountain highways of Wyoming -- and shows everywhere the reverence for the fallen . When the escort gives Phelps ' watch , dog tags , and wooden cross to his parents , eight days after his death , even men will feel the tears coming . Finally , as LtCol Strobl -LRB- who had not yet been to Operation Iraqi Freedom when he accompanied Phelps ' remains home -RRB- thinks over the experience , there 's a meditation on where duty lies for a Marine Corps officer.Director Ross Katz , Kevin Bacon , and HBO have given us a profound film that grants us a rare look not at America 's prosperity , or freedoms , or politics -- but rather America 's soul.-30 -
 A deeply moving story and another plus for HBO . To my mind you just do n't see too many movies that have this kind of honesty . One that comes to mind was The Straight Story . Taking Chance , though , is a completely different theme dealing with death , respect , honor , patriotism , family and love . Fortunately all of this is handled in a straightforward no-nonsense way and thank goodness it was . Hollywood really does n't have too much of a reputation for presenting a simple truth without twisting it into something else.The story unfolds very much like a documentary I thought . Kevin Bacon plays Lt. Col. Michael Strobl as the military escort taking the body of a dead soldier home to be buried . His performance was just right as was everyone else because the story was greater than all the parts combined . Particularly rewarding to watch , while the coffin , covered by the flag , was at airports or on the highway , was the way ordinary people took it upon themselves to pay their respects to someone they did n't know but who had died for his country
 I 'm a Marine Mom and I found this movie very moving . It was well made and Kevin Bacon did an excellent job portraying his character . I think it showed the honor our fallen hero 's receive and deserve .
 As I sat and watched as my Marine son did 2 tours in Iraq in 2003 - 2005 , I wondered about our many KIA 's coming home ... how would they be treated ? Did other Americans even care ? Now everyone knows the sacrifices these young Marines made , and everyone knows how Marines take care of their own . More important , we know that these young men will not be forgotten . Well done , Mr. Bacon , and thank you for sharing the story , LtCol Strobl .
 This movie tugs at your heart strings . It shows what happens to our fallen heros and how they make it back home to be laid to rest . Kevin Bacon plays a brillant part as a Marine Lt Col who volunteers to escort the remains of a young Marine from Dover AFB to his final resting place in MT. Mr Bacon shows definitely that he can act . You feel his dedication to the Core , his respect for the young Marine and the Marine 's family , and the emotion packed feeling that one gets as he briefly encounters people along the way . A young Kevin Bacon will always be remembered for his role in FootLoose . He 'll never shake that . But an older Kevin Bacon will always be remembered as the Marine Lt Col , Escort , in Taking Chance . This movie was perfectly cast and well directed . And of course , comes from Lt Col Michael R. Strobl 's moving journal Taking Chance .
 This movie is unlike any other military movie you 'll ever see , and the fact that it 's based on a true story makes it even more touching . You 'll watch the entire movie through patriotic tears !!! Every American should see this movie !!
 Every American should see this movie out of respect for our military and civilians who have fallen to protect us . EXCELLENT movie !
 this movie is recommended for all . Everytime the LTC gave a silent salute , i tear came to my eye . This movie should def be on your list to buy . it gives an accurate portrayal .
 My husband and I watched this movie on HBO . We cried all the way through it . My husband was 30 years in the Marines and Air Force . Served in Vietnam . Son 22 yrs , his brother died on D.Day . my DAd in World War I , my 3 brothers -LRB- still lLiving -RRB- in World War II.So we are now saying best film ever !!! My husband has watched it 3 times now . He started to watch again , but the tape did n't work that we taped on vcr.So , I am now ordering one on Amazon.Ruth Trippi 75and Sam Trippi 79
 I highly recommend every American citizen to watch this movie . It tugs at your heart and mind . You 'll need tissues . I loved this movie and ca n't wait to own it !!
 Just put them in a box , put them on a plane and send them home for a funeral . That 's what I thought but I was so WRONG !!!! The respect and honor that comes home with each hero is a beautiful and heart tugging experience that will stay with you . Kevin Bacon was outstanding in this film and did a great honor in bringing the story of Chance Phelps home to his family . Thank you Lt. Col. Michael Strobl for sharing what the escorts do in bringing home our fallen heros for the last time . A film everyone should see .
 The movie portrays with sensitivity and accuracy an all too common experience which sadly much of America , including current Congressional leaders have not been exposed to , or have knowledge of , so that they may appreciate the tremendous burdens which individual servicemen and servicewomen and their families have made . I think about the film 's message every day and am thankful for those that serve and their families .
 This is a review of the DVD Taking Chance.Taking Chance is the story of a Marine 's last trip home and the people he touched whom he never knew nor who knew him . Even his escort , Lt. Col. Strobl , played by Kevin Bacon , did n't know Chance Phelps except by virtue of a shared home town . The movie is the dramatization of the colonel 's after action report.This is n't film with a particular theme , pro-war or anti-war , rather it is a film of a Marine who went to war and was killed fighing in that war . He was there with his squad and his friends and that is what was important.The acting is superb throughout the film and does n't hit a false note throughout it 's length . From the mortuary driver who is at the start of the journey to the Marines at the VFW hall in Chance 's home town , everyone does a superb job of acting . One particularly serious moment is when Lt. Col. Strobl finds that one of the escorts he was with at the mortuary at Dover Air Force Base is escorting his brother home . The interactions between the two men are simple but highly moving.The special features of the film were all very informative and added to the value of the movie . However , if this movie should be released again , please include the cut scene of the Marine sergeant from his unit who is relieving Lt. Col. Strobl . `` I 'll watch over him '' is perhaps the most important scene of the film and sums up the whole purpose of why there is an escort in the first place . This is a key point and I regret that it was felt necessary to cut it from the film . It is a short segment that needs to be back in the film.As a former Marine and later a hospital corpsman assigned to Marine units , this was a particularly moving film for me.Some critics felt that the movie was just a procedural movie on how a military funeral is conducted . To a degree there is some validity to this observation but look beyond the immediate event that is being depicted . Watch at Dover as the hearse is being loaded and the construction crew stops and pays thier respects as the hearse goes by . Watch again in Philadelphia as the cargo crew pays its respects to Chance and the colonel renders honors . Look at the two children watching from the window . Throughout the film there is a connection between PFC Phelps and people he never met nor had met him . Yet they are all participants in this final journey home . This movie is a procedural but it is also a story of how people 's actions across the country make this tremendously sad and devastating event a bit more bearable simply by being able to share the grief of the family . It is not trite when the colonel says that PFC Phelps was honored across the country.This is a movie that is well made and tells its simple message very well . I highly recommend it to everyone .
 I 'm a former Marine , I served four honorable years from 97 ' to 01 ' , a Marine friend of mine sent me the original story of `` Taking Chance '' when it was being passed around the internet , well before the movie was made.Unfortunately I do n't have HBO , so I had to wait until the DVD arrived , finally its here ! `` Taking Chance '' is a very moving film , it does n't matter whether you served in the Marines or any other branch , this movie is about pride , respect and honor.Kevin Bacon is a very famous actor , he played this part to the fullest extent . Amazing , amazing job by Bacon in this film . Hats off to him!Every branch of the military should be required to watch this film , its heartbreaking , uplifting and very inspirational!Highly , highly recommended !
 This movie is a must see . We are a gold star family and know what the Phelps feel . Its very important that our War Dead get the honor that is given but more importantly for someone to be there to represent , to bear witness ! We were so moved by this movie . I 'm not sure if it was because we understood and could relate . I hope everyone gets a chance to see this . Thank you for having a price that makes it affordable for everyone to see it . We do n't have HBO so we could n't see it until it came out on DVD . We are so sure we will watch it again & again . It may become a Memorial Day tradition . Who knows ?
 STORY - Based on a true life events , this HBO docudrama follows the journey of Lt. Col. Mike Strobl who volunteers to escort the body of Chance Phelps , who was killed in action in Iraq , to his home . Strobl initially volunteered because he saw that Phelps , whom he had never met , was from the same home town in Colorado . It turns out , however , that the family wants him buried in Dubois , Wyoming and the real reason he wants to accompany the body is a deep feeling of guilt for not serving in Iraq . This is not only the personal story of Mike Strobl but an incredible look at the process of getting the bodies of fallen soldiers from foreign soil to their final home . The care , reverence , honor and respect that characterizes this process is amazing . From the smallest detail of making sure the last uniform they wear is absolutely perfect to the protocol of everyone involved along the way , including the civilians involved from airline ticket clerks to the pilot of the plane , the love and care will overwhelm you . It is also the story of Pfc. Chance Phelps , whose promotion to Lance Corporal had been overlooked the week before his death , a young man who died way before he should have . A gunner in a Humvee , his mission partners credit him for saving their lives when their convoy is hit by an IED . A potential college scholarship athlete , he chose the Marines to serve his country the best way he knew how . Like many gifted , confident young men , he probably thought he was invincible . Another terrific HBO movie and a great tribute to those who serve our country prepared to make the ultimate sacrifice . Make sure to have a Kleenex handy . The extras about the real Chance Phelps and Mike Strobl are very good . Lu G. for Lu 's Reviews .
 This is a must watch for any Marine , KevinBacon did an excellent job ... as a former Marine I learned some things I had forgotten ... make sure you have your kleenex handy . . I watched this with a gunny sgt and even he cried ... this is definately not a chick flick ... and all my kids are going to have to watch this just because im the mom and i want them to know how we Marines treat our fallen brothers and sisters ... SEMPER FI
 It is amazing to me how holleywood was able to keep this moving a secertfor so long.I watched this movie yesterday on HBO -LRB- NO STARS -RRB- it figures.If any movie deserves an award it is this one , bare none.The acting is incredible , the story is undiscribable for me to put in words.IF your a true American you have to see this movie.Unfortunately I am afraid that all our fallen heroes do not get thesame respect , but they all deserve it .
 Perhaps it 's human nature to forget the individual sacrifices made in the past by members of our armed services . Since this is the time we 've set aside to remember and honor those sacrifices as a nation , I can think of no better reminder than this movie . It is a story that should make all of us proud , yet even more aware of the true price paid on our behalf.A few tears in return are not too much to ask.Watch it and remember what Memorial Day is really about .
 Anyone who has ever been in the military will appreciate this movie . My wife and I sat down to watch it and never spoke a word during the entire movie . I could not have spoken if needed for the lump in my throat anyway . Touching is an understatement . Needs to be viewed by every American ...
 This is a great movie for everyone . It 's educational and will open the eyes of young people of the ultimate sacrifice that some people make to keep this country and the entire world safe . It 's a tear jerker , so be prepared to wear your feelings on your sleeves during this movie .
 I really enjoyed following Kevin Bacon 's character through his journey as he tried to find meaning to being a marine , trained to fight , but commanding a desk rather than a group of men . So many acts of kindness and compassion along his journey as well were really inspiring -LRB- and emotional -RRB- to see presented .
 Great movie to watch -- shows procedure of a returning military personnell in a very touching story . Kevin Bacon was excellent in this part .
 As a Vietnam Marine , I found the movie is representative of the respect due , sense of loss , and sacrifice of our service members . Vietnam service members who gave all , did not receive their due . It is nice to see todays fallen treated in this way . It does not gloryfy war .
 Thoughful presentation of the treatment of a deceased Marine . It was especially poignant because my son is serving in the 82nd Airborne 1/504 PIR in Afghanistan . The movie gave perspective on the respect that others have for those who serve . Nicely done , effective without pulling levers .
 This is a movie every American should see . The courage and sacrificeof our Armed Forces is truly amazing . This is a side of the equation thatwe rarely get to see . It elevated my respect for these guys .
 I want to say Kevin Bacon played this to the hilt . I had the privalge of performing this duty once . It was sad , funny , great to meet the family , and I laughed , cried , and left for home a very proud man .
 When was the last time you saw a movie that had those two themes.If you do n't get choked up at least once during this film , then you do n't have a heart .
 For as much as I ca n't stand Kevin Bacon , when I saw this on TV I knew I ahd to have the DVD . I am happy with the seller and all that jazz ! Thanks .
 I had initially rented this movie and after watching realized it was one of those movies that is a `` must have '' for your DVD library . The acting is superb and the event it portrays is beyond words . I have always followed Kevin Bacon and love his acting and I would rate this to be one his very best portrayals . In fact , the movie subject is so enthralling that Kevin Bacon hardly comes into the equation which is how it should be . The best description I can give of the story and Kevin Bacon 's acting is the way he slips out of the room after giving the family the personal affects of the fallen marine because it has nothing to do with his part , it is about Chance Phelps . I cried on and off through out most of the movie . This is a movie , whether you are a gal or guy , that just sticks with you as it follows you out of the movie and throughout the days ahead .
 This movie , based on a true story , illustrates the respect and honor given to those young men and women who sacrifice their lives for their belief in the USA . No matter what your opinion of this or any other war , it is these soldiers choice to join and serve in the military and for that we owe them much.God bless these soldiers and their families .
 I watched it twice when it arrived . It 's a great story of respect and honoring those who gave the ultimate sacrifice .
 This is a very moving story based on a true incident . It will grab your attention and make you think . The story really brings home the costs of wars , declared or not , and should make one question every time we send our brothers and sons in harm 's way .
 this movie is great its a watch for everyone . shares alot about the way things are done by the services . kevin plays a great role in this a must watch for about all ages .
 Very moving movie . Kevin Bacon does a great job . Brings the war a little closer to come . Would recommend this one
 I started bawling about 25 % of the way through , and could n't turn it off . I bought the DVD to give my ex-marine father , as he now volunteers on funeral detail . I think a movie like this -LRB- based on a true story -RRB- will give every soldier a moment of being appreciated .
 If you have served , are related to someone that has served , or just know someone that has served in the military this movie is for you.It is the story of the journey home for an American marine killed in Iraq , and the escort that is responsible for seeing him home during the last leg of that journey.So often today the entertainment industry focuses on the titillating , meaningless drivel of what is known as &#34; reality TV &#34; . This movie is snapshot of the price some pay so the rest of us can continue to enjoy the fruits of living in this great country of ours . Everyone should take the time to sit down and watch this so they can better understand that living in a fee society is n't free . Real people pay the ultimate price every day . They deserve our respect , and our gratitude .
 Enjoyed the movie . You will too ! The movie was about the dedication & care given our fallen soldiers . Loved it .
 My son had seen this movie last year at Recruit Training for the Military Academy . He 's not one to show emotion . So when he told me this film made him cry , I knew I had to see it . Unable to find it in town , I turned to Amazon -LRB- as usual -RRB- . Great price , arrived early than expected and in excellent condition.This movie is far more than excellent . If you have even a piece of a heart , you 'll need a box of tissues . It 's based on a true story , more like thousands of true stories , of our servicemen and women that return home in flag covered coffins . I highly recommend seeing it .
 &#34; Taking Chance &#34; is a movie that everyone should see . It touched me deeply to see the love , care and respect that is given to our fallen military men and women . I bought this DVD so I can watch it again and again as I never want to forget the sacrifice that so many have made for our freedom .
 I 'm a wife of a retired Marine and my husband and I were both deeply moved while watching this film . Kevin Bacon was absolutely wonderful . It shows the honor and respect due to all of our fallen heroes .
 `` Chance Phelps was wearing his Saint Christopher medal when he was killed on Good Friday . Eight days later , I handed the medallion to his mother . '' Marine Corps LTC Mike Strobl began his after-action report with these words when his escort duties ended with PFC Chance Phelps ' military funeral . When Kevin Bacon , playing Strobl in HBO 's `` Taking Chance , '' repeats them they pierce your heart and instantly put tears in your eyes . `` Taking Chance '' is a war film . But it is a film that portrays what happens after all the `` action , '' the bombs , the bullets , the combat ; this is what it means when we hear of a soldier or marine being killed in Iraq or Afghanistan . This film powerfully , intimately , yet respectfully shows us the aftermath of war and of bringing our fallen for the final trip home with all the respect they so deserve.It is a simple story , tastefully done and heart wrenching . Kevin Bacon is superb as the quietly professional LTC Strobl . He says little with his voice ; rather it is his eyes and face that speak volumes . In the film Strobl feels survivor 's guilt of not having served in Iraq ; Bacon shows the tense anguish that tears at him under the surface . When we see Chance 's exposed hand he is not a name or a statistic . He was his mother 's son . When Strobl encounters a young sergeant escorting his own fallen brother home we learn that the photos in the news were real people with loving friends and family . `` Chance Phelps was wearing his Saint Christopher medal when he was killed on Good Friday . Eight days later , I handed the medallion to his mother . I did n't know Chance before he died . Today , I miss him . '' With this film other war films can not be watched the same way . A military history book can not be read the same way . It is that profoundly moving .
 I saw this film with my husband and two young sons and held my breath through the whole film . This movie has alot of `` close ups '' of Kevin Bacon and you can feel everything he wants you to feel in this movie . We have a place in Montana where alot of this film was shot and it captures the stillnes and beauty of this country and the men and women who fight for theur lives so we can keep it . The film also has one of the most moving and beautiful music I have heard in a long time . I bought the soundtrack and I can not listen to the whole cd without crying my eyes out ! See and hear this film !!!
 Very moving . Its the little things are what grab you - the looks of passerbys and their actions along the way.Trailer is on the web and gives a good sense of the movie .
 This film has to be seen by all Americans , regardless of whether or not they believe in what is going on overseas right now ; it pays tribute to all of our servicemen and women who have paid the ultimate price . It is extremely poignant in showing how much respect the remains of the fallen are given as they make their way to their final resting places , accompanied by an equally respectful service member . I have watched it several times and it still brings tears to my eyes every single time . Kevin Bacon portrays Lt. Col Mike Strobl perfectly and the rest of the cast brings a genuine feel to the entire film .
 Taking ChanceI work at the Defense Language Institute in Monterey , California and see all branches of young service men , and women learning the language to be interpreters in Iraq , and other contries.This is the Greatest movie of all time , simple , no lies , or fake story lines.Kevin Bacon was EXCELLENT in portraying a Colonel in every part of the movie , and even Noah Fless who was a escort for his fallen brother was great also.Even at the end when they showed the REAL Chance Phelps in clips when he was 20 yrs.old ,15 yrs old , and 9 , or 10 yrs old while winning as a wrestler , fishing on the lake , and water sking in the lake when he was a kid.Ever part brought a tear in my eyes.I RECOMMEND this movie to the fulness ! Show this to your kids , grandkids , and let them understand what our military families have to deal with when they loose a love one ...
 Kevin Bacon gives a moving performance in this film which focuses on honoring the fallen . It is for ALL Americans , no matter what their political beliefs . Anyone who supports our troops and wants them treated with respect will feel a sense of pride in our military and our civilians who carry them home . Kudos to Northwest Airlines !
 This movie will be at the top of my list when recommending a movie title . `` Taking Chance '' was one of the best movies I have ever seen ! Kevin Bacon did an awesome job of bringing tears to my eyes several times over.I ca n't wait to put the movie in our video library . God bless Mr. Phelp 's family .
 This movie is a true story and very moving , should be a must see for all americans .
 Minimal dialogue and a minimal number of actors and you might begin to wonder how good it can be . The answer is very good.Kevin Bacon plays Mike Strobl , a lieutenant colonel of marines who volunteers to take home the remains of marine Private First Class Chance Phelps . It is unusual for an officer to request or take such an assignment , but there is more reason than what the colonel gives , that both he and Phelps are from the same town.As the journey begins we learn how Chance Phelps ' body is treated from the time of his death . An honor guard renders honors as the flag-draped coffin is placed on a transport plane from Iraq and lands in Delaware . We see his watch removed from his lifeless hand caked with grime and blood . The blood on the watch and his St. Christopher medal that failed to guide him to safety is gently cleaned with a fine mist . His fingernails are brushed and cleaned , and a group of tailors create a new dress blue uniform that will fit him perfectly . His ribbons are arranged in proper order.Colonel Strobl waits his turn `` taking Chance . '' As each coffin leaves Dover AFB , the escorts form a line outside to render a salute to each passing hearse that will now bring its share of grief to various parts of the country . Finally , Mike Strobl is given specific instructions and carries the personal effects on his person at all times.A reservations clerk has tears on her face as she upgrades the officer to first class . Stops in Philadelphia , Minnesota , and Wyoming show how much a single death moves a nation . Gardeners stop work and remove their hats . An airline attendant hands the marine a small crucifix . Ground crews on the tarmac gravitate toward the belly of the plane , stand straight , and place their hand over their hearts as the casket is removed . Passengers pass the conveyer belt with looks of grief and shock , suddenly aware of the cargo that was beneath them . A convoy of cars shines their bright headlights in the Wyoming and Montana daylight as they pass the hearse with the flag-draped coffin.Equally poignant is the self-doubt that plagues the colonel and the sergeant who trained young Phelps . The sergeant wonders if he is responsible for posthumously promoted Chance Phelps ' death . `` Should n't I have done more to protect him ? '' he asks . Strobl questions his worthiness as a marine because he did n't volunteer for combat duty , wanting to come back to his family at the end of each day . Both marines suffer a common military affliction -- guilt that they are among the living.What makes this film work so well is its simplicity . It is n't a vulgar display of jingoism nor morbid , and it has only a hint of anti-war sentiment when you see a USA Today newspaper -LRB- if you are opposed to this war as I have been -RRB- . Under superb direction , every part is low-keyed . The emotion is not overindulged ; it is understated , but the viewer can not help being touched by the quiet display of reverence and tribute . It might rouse your anger , but it will definitely touch your heart . That 's what makes this a moving film that should not be missed.It also brings home a central message . There is no glory in war ; there is only grief.L / Cpl. Chance Phelps -LRB- 1984-2004 -RRB- was just twenty years old . His mother and father buried him eight days after he was killed .
 This movie should be watched by everyone in the U.S. . In addition to its message of commitment to God , country and the Corps , as an old Marine I was impressed by how well it was made ; every detail was perfect.Well done !
 I 've never bothered to write a movie review and I own thousands of films.Taking Chance however is a movie that deserves attention and tribute and it is a film that must be preserved for all humanity to see . The always excellent and vastly underrated Kevin Bacon delivers a devastingly haunting restrained performance as he accompanies the body of a fallen fellow soldier to the soldier 's hometown . During the course of the journey Bacon is witness to how the soldier 's sacrifice impacts those that come in contact with their journey . The film is a quiet and dignified masterpiece that tugs at your emotions until the viewer is completely spent . This is a film that runs rings around the high gloss Hollywood product that rarely lives up to it 's hype . This is a film to be watched with your entire family so that everyone may understand the sacrifice that our brave men and women of the service sometimes have to make . The film is a testament of grace and humility which will live beyond our time . I 've seen this film twice now and everytime I 've watched it I 've cried . I 'll watch it again because I never want to forget it .
 Well written , well-acted , well-photographed . Very moving . I did n't spot any grumpy reviews nit-picking over tiny technical errors , so it must be acccurate . Highly reommended .
 I saw this excellent film on HBO when it aired , with both my wife and I watching it somberly . I had long since read the preview information and knew exactly what to expect in the film , though I must say I was even more pleased with how respectfully the film treats all of the subject matter it covered . What could have been political was n't , and instead simply and poignantly concentrates on the process that the military uses for handling the casualties of war and military service that are inevitable in times of conflict.This film makes a great companion for another film that HBO also aired
 This deeply moving film should be seen by every American . No matter what your political views are , this film is a must . It makes you proud to be in this country and support our troops who put their life on the line everyday.The director , Ross Katz , did an amazing job . Kevin Bacon will always be remembered for his role in this film . His face tells the whole story and the beautiful scenery and music fill in the rest.I ca n't wait to own this piece of American History .
 An incredibly well-done movie that pays a full measure of respect to a fallen warrior . Kevin Bacon did an incredible job of portraying the dignity and respect that should be shown as we pay tribute to our fallen military heroes . I 'm glad that the part of the plot dealing with issues that Kevin Bacon 's character struggled with during the movie did n't overshadow or take away from the main thrust of the movie . This movie was very humbling to watch . It made me proud and thankful to be an American .
 As a retired AF MSgt serving in the Tanker Airlift Control Center during OIF/OEF I was tasked with the mission monitoring and tracking of many countless `` angels '' returning from Iraq and Afghanistan . Myself and many others had a direct involvement with the movement of our fallen heroes , and felt it was a great honor to be a part of returning them to their awaiting families . This movie was huge for me on such a personal level ... it gave a true sense of who they were , who their families were , and the overall compassion and care that was part of honoring their memory . My whole family cried while watching this moving film ... especially after hearing and knowing my relationship and involvement with many of these `` sons and daughters '' of America . To HBO Films ... I and many of my fellow servicemembers salute you in the protrayal of such a moving event . God Bless those that served , those that continue to serve , and those that will serve in the future .
 This movie was as close to reality as you can get . I lost my son , Marine Lance Corporal Nathaniel Schultz in August 2010 . The Marines never leave a man behind . The Marine who accompanied my son home , was exactly like the character that Kevin Bacon played . See the movie . It is well worth watching . I 'm glad I saw it before my son 's deployment though .
 Nobody should miss this movie . Regardless of how you feel about war , this movie will touch you . It is not about war , it is about respect for a person who lost their life - respect from people who never knew the man but understood the proces of going to his final resting place . I was moved beyond words .
 I have been teaching Jr. . High history for nearly 30 years . It has not always been easy to explain to students the real issues of war and the respect and honor that veterans deserve . Since seeing `` Taking Chance '' I have made it a yearly part of my curriculum . Watching movies is sometimes looked at as an `` easy '' way out for history instructors , and I have to admit , we rarely watch full lengths of motion pictures -- sometimes I use clips of movies to make a point . But it is now a Veteran 's Day tradition to watch Taking Chance ... It HAS mattered , because this year at our Veteran 's Day ceremony at our local monument , several of my students showed up because of the movie ... If you are an educator , you know what a feeling this gives you that something you provided makes a difference . Civics is kind of a lost art , but productions like Taking Chance help to restore faith in our society ... Thanks HBO for such a moving production ... Tim Hardwick , Altus , Ok .
 As a Regan era Marine I was highly touched by this movie -LRB- eyes welled up -RRB- , as this was presented in a humbling and heart felt way . Truth tends to do that . Truth is always humbling and we are stronger for it.Remember
 I do n't know why I had n't even heard of this movie until a few days ago . That evening I put it at the top of my NetFlix list . After watching it only twice -LRB- so far -RRB- , I feel like the story of Lance Corporal Chance Phelps -LRB- and everyone around it -RRB- is written permanently into my soul . I 'm retired Air Force , latter Vietnam era to November 1991 , and there was nothing in this movie that disappointed me in the least . I `` knew '' about the Dover Mortuary , from somewhere in the fog of my service years , but I really did n't `` know '' . I 'm very appreciative that the writers opened those doors wide , for all of us.I thought Kevin Bacon was brilliant in understatement , just as emotion is often understated on the public face of the US Armed Forces . I also thought Bacon did an excellent job of suppressing the sense of guilt that Lt Col Strobl had held quietly within himself , not fully revealed until later in the story . In fact , for that reason I appreciated Bacon 's acting even more in the second viewing.In truth , I might have thought some of the civilians ' reactions might have been a little overdone in the movie , had it not been for my own personal experiences in the weeks following Desert Storm
 This is a brilliant movie . I switched HBO on one morning and TAKING CHANCE had started 15 minutes before . I was having a quick Saturday morning coffee , thinking I would just channel surf before heading off to work . Wrong . Without fanfare or dramatic action this movie just grabbed me , set me down to watch and would not let me go until the very end . I admit to tears and a heartfelt pride of being an American . This is perhaps one of the most profoundly touching movie I have seen in years . My wife and I see an average of 30 to 40 movies annually so our taste is pretty refined , and perhaps a little jaded so we seldom see a movie twice . After seeing TAKING CHANCE 2 more times , we are still deeply moved by this finely crafted , sincere , and beautifully filmed motion picture . There are no gimmicks , only simple truth of pride , honor and love of country . This tells me with great clarity why this great nation of ours will always prevail .
 I saw this HBO movie earlier this year and was n't aware until after Veteran 's Day that it was available for purchase . I teach 7th grade Geography and wished I 'd had it the week of Veteran 's Day but showed it to nearly 100 students the week before Christmas break and was amazed at their reactions . It is not a `` feel good '' movie but I think it 's important that all Americans are aware of the sacrifice given by these young men and women who fight for our country as well as the ultimate sacrifice that their families are faced with . Several of my kids told of approaching service people in uniform and thanking them for their service and what a wonderful reaction they were given . I recommend Taking Chance to all ages .
 This movie left me emotionally drained . To see how our honored dead are treated and respected from the point of their death to there buriel at home was very touching . The movie grips you from the beginning and does n't let you go until the last scene . What a wonderful tribute to Chance and all our fallen heroes . The extre material with the DVD was also excellent . Interviews with Chance 's family were inspiring . You must get this movie .
 Up to this point , I thought Shindler 's List was the most moving and emotional film . This film , `` Taking Chance '' far surpasses it . I have now watched it 3 times and it is a moving , truly unforgettable film . I have recommended to all my friends
 I did n't know this film was based on a true story until the end , and that made it all the more powerful for me . Kevin Bacon is amazing and Taking Chance may be the best film about war and its effects on both American families and those who serve our country . This is such a great movie , it 's worth seeing again and again . Most highly recommended .
 I hate war with all its pain and its loss . I hate the devastation , the loss of humanity . The loss of our troops embraced and watching their life light die in their eyes . I hate the helplessness yet understanding what needs to be done . I hate war because I 've seen how it can break a man like shattered glass.I hate war , but I truly respect and honor the soldiers for giving their all.The movie broke my heart , reduced me to tears yet made me very proud of the Marine who was my brother . He was much like Marines in the `` Taking Chance '' . I have my own Chance Phelps , except the war in which he fought . They got each others ' back , the were tough when they needed , and they did their duty . Mike Strobl gave us a touching and revealing in his journey . Kevin Bacon was every bit the Marine . Thank you both for your service , alive or dead , active duty or not .
 This is an outstanding story about how Americans honor the dead from the current conflicts in the Middle East . It is well written , well acted and true to life . Kevin Bacon deserves an Oscar or at least the Presidential Freedom Award for this role . If you have n't seen it , you should , and today , thank a vet and remember what they have done for this great country of ours .
 About what happens to a dead soldier
 This is the film that gave the Swedish film industry international recognition in 1917 , and after nearly a century it 's still easy to see why . The main attraction of this film is surely the scenery - the tundra of northern Scandinavia - which creates the rugged setting for this story about life in 19th century Iceland . I found the unusual colour tinting -LRB- often shades of pinkish-purple -RRB- actually highlights the scenery and gives those images a haunting beauty and special atmosphere . Together with an unusual orchestral score , which also includes some Scandinavian folk tunes , I found myself transported to the time and place that Victor Sjoestroem had in mind . Sjoestroem is probably best remembered for directing `` The Wind '' with Lillian Gish , which also places emphasis on the environment and its effects on people . In this earlier film , Sjoestroem directed and played the lead role of a petty thief hiding from the law , eventually escaping with his new wife - who sacrifices wealth and comfort for him - to live in the raw beauty of the wild mountains.On a slightly negative note however , `` The Outlaw and His Wife '' is not the easiest silent film to watch . Most intertitles are lengthy or involved and are shown a bit too briefly , so you have to read quickly ! Some indoor scenes are quite dark , and some parts appear jerky or disconnected , so it requires a little extra attention to follow and appreciate the story more fully . It 's worth the effort though , in my opinion , for the overall atmosphere and the mood it leaves behind .
 It is a cliche that Victor Sjostrom 's films dramatise the conflict between nature and society , but his treatment is less simplistic than might be first apparent . For instance , in ` The Outlaw and his Wife ' , society may be ruled by a brutal , land-grabbing bailiff , who whips servants for losing a sheep ; but it is also a place rich in pageantry , costume and rite , where communities can express themselves.Likewise , nature might be a site of freedom for social outcasts , a sustaining idyll for lovers , and an awe-inspiring backdrop ; but it also overflows in the lonely vagrant who nearly rapes his friend 's wife , or the cliffs and snows that can kill.Throughout , Sjostrom shifts impressively between registers - nature as a real force , and as a symbolic backdrop ; plot as both social depiction and spiritual journey - while retaining the familiar pleasures of the action genre .
 It is most appropriate and also timely that Kino International has released this DVD together with its partner DVD , `` A Man There Was/Ingeborg Holm '' to showcase the talents and most famous works by one of Sweden 's greatest directors of early cinema
 It has taken Kino International several years to make THE OUTLAW AND HIS WIFE available on DVD -LRB- the VHS version first appeared in 1989 -RRB- but it has been worth the wait . Although it is essentially the same source material -LRB- the Swedish Film Institute 's 1986 restoration -RRB- as the video , the picture is marginally sharper in detail and the contemporary modernistic score by Torbjorn Iwan Lindquist sounds a lot cleaner.The 1918 film directed by and starring Victor Sjostrom -LRB- Seastrom in the U.S. -RRB- is a landmark not only of Swedish cinema but of world cinema as well . It tells the story of an ill fated couple forced to flee into the mountains to survive and of the tragedy that ultimately befalls them . Joining Sjostrom is actress Edith Estrahof who matches him for strength of performance and who would later become his wife -LRB- they fell in love with each other during the making of the film although both were already married -RRB- . The use of natural locations , particularly the Scandinavian mountains and waterfalls , was outstanding and had already become a trademark of Sjostrom 's Swedish films . He would eventually come to Hollywood where another outdoor drama THE WIND with Lillian Gish -LRB- 1928 -RRB- would become his American masterpiece.Also on the disc is a 1981 documentary on Sjostrom and his films which is informative but rather dry although it contains an interview with Ingmar Bergman who was heavily influenced by Sjostrom and who repaid the debt by giving him the principal role in WILD STRAWBERRIES -LRB- 1957 -RRB- . Kino released this jointly with the Sjostrom double bill A MAN THERE WAS/INGEBORG HOLM which is an even more important DVD .
 Product was sent with 2 day priority service -LRB- extra postage paid for UPS Shipping -RRB- Keep Case arrived crushed , but CD was OK . Excellent silent film of the 19 teens.Needs much better packing especially if one pays extra for two day shipping via UPS.Five stars for the movie and one star for the ruin Keep Case packing by Amazon .
 It 's the gay version of SNL that you always wished there was . Like SNL , not every sketch is a winner but all in all it was very funny . One reason you might not laugh at every sketch is that the show is shared with our siblings -LRB- gay or lesbian -RRB- . I watched it was a lesbian friend and she was laughing when I was thinking of going to the kitchen and I was laughing when she was scratching her head and saying , `` boys are weird '' . The one constructive criticism I would give the producers is that the topics explored were the overworked ones -LRB- coming out , PFLAG moms , etc -RRB- and exploring more sophisicated issues would greatly improve the show .
 There are very few shows I can watch over and over and over no matter how many times I 've seen them . This one is one of them ! Every time I watch it , I end up in stitches ! This is one of the most talented groups of people in comedy !
 Diffrerent and humourous . Talented . I would tell others to buy this and sit back and enjoy . Glad I made this purchase .
 A skillfully written and directed sketch show from the Logo network . Most of the humor is derived from the gay and lesbian lifestyle as indicated by the title , but do n't let that cause you to hesitate watching the show . The cast is spectacular , the writing is hilarious , and some famous names are attached behind the scenes , such as Rosie O'Donnell and Amanda Bearse -LRB- you may know her as Marcy D'arcy from married With Children -RRB- . Fitzwilliam , my favorite recurring character played by Kate Mckinnon and accompanied by his faithful magical unicorn , Trixie , is a snotty little British boy who wants nothing more in life than his very own vagina , much to the dismay of his father , the Earl . You do n't have to BE gay to enjoy this show . But if you 're open-minded enough to give it a try , I guarantee a gay old time .
 We love `` The Big Gay Sketch Show . '' It is exactly like `` Saturday Night Live '' , only with gay-oriented themes . Very Hysterical !!
 I 've recently purchased and seen the entire first season of `` The Big Gay Sketch Show '' . And I 've simply adored this lovable show!Hilarious sketches , cute , sassy & funny characters.With a hint of sweetness ... Intelligent!Superbly written , with great , beautiful and funny actresses & actors ... Most of all , it is deliciously `` Very GLBT '' in texture & flavours guaranteed to please all ... '' GLBT Diversity at its best ! `` Brilliant & great entertainment!I do recommend `` All Seasons Available '' of this delightful Logo wonder called `` The Big Gay Sketch Show '' ! ! ! Sky a.k.a. JD Aeon - GLBT MTF Pagan Wiccan Witch Shaman & Occultist
 I have been looking for this for quite some time . I was hoping to find it at the local second hand book store , but this was too much of a good deal to pass up . Thanks for this great opportunity .
 Really , really funny skits , I absolutely love it ! My friends and I are constantly quoting this show daily !
 The Big Gay Sketch Showcontrary to the review before me , i do n't think this was TIRING at all ! cute , honest , refreshing , funny are the words i would use !
 Great comedic take on lesbian and gay life . Gentle , self-deprecating humor as well as big laughs , hysterical situations , and some real poignancy . Amazing depth and versatility in the multi-talented cast . Very fresh and original , but also warm and comfortable . Ca n't wait to own it !!!
 I thought it was more like ... action , suspence with a little gore . The story line is pretty good and if you like a twist this one is perfect . They used some pretty good props and the graphics were n't bad either . Some of the makeup could have improved but whatever . It will keep you wondering till about 15 minutes from the end ... good stuff .
 I recommend this video . Horror films can be quick and dirty these days , relying on special effects and mood music alone , while a monotone boring script with dull cliche acting clings on for dear life . There are not many films in the past few years in this genre that I can truly recommend , but I do suggest this one . The unfolding events held my interest though the entire film , and I found that I actually cared what happened to the characters in this movie . The script was above average , the acting was well done , and the special effects did not rule the movie but rather enhanced it.The plot is interesting . A man has memory flashbacks of events that do n't seem to match with his current life . He feels out of place . He knows something is wrong but ca n't figure out what it is . This movie is primarily about a man in a desperate situation trying to remember his past , trying to recover lost memories , and trying to avoid being murdered by a supernatural stalker who wants him dead . But Ian Stone ca n't die . The stalker murders him , and Ian rewakes in a new life , new events surround him , and again he tries to remember who he is . This repeats several times , until slowly he begins to remember , with the aid of a stranger who keeps appearing to him ... , who he is , and what happened to cause all of this.The video worked well , no problems at all with the disks , audio and video were perfect . - Mike S.
 Okay so i saw the behind the scene pictures of Deaths of Ian stone , more specifically pictures of the Harvesters -LRB- without the smoke and other special effects in the movie -RRB- in action and they loooked very well done . Think a long haired all black version of Mystique in the X-Men movies . Anyway , so I got to watch it and let me tell ya it was an incredible movie . i mean this is what B-rated movie is supposed to be about . A movie that does n't have all the press -LRB- say of like Nightmare on elm street -RRB- to really rake in the millions but it 's one of those dvd rentals that is fantastic to watch on a friday or saturday night . I know this was at the Horrorfest and techinically it started and did well at the movies but this reminds me of pre-blockbuster video store days when you could see horror movies that were incredibly done -LRB- good lighting , great effects , great acting , great storyline , etc -RRB- . The only reason i did n't give this a five is because it premiered at horror fest and it 's not really scary . I mean it 's jump at you scary but i was expecting more blood or something and i usually do n't like that , but for this festival it did n't seem R-rated all the time.Horrorfest definitely upgraded from last year as far as the quality ! I do n't know about the other movies but this one was good all around . I saw most of last years horrorfest movies and something about them made me feel like I was on the set instead of watching the movie . Some of the actors would look at the camera and stuff so , yeah this was an upgrade
 The after Dark Horror Fest is a very appealing concept to horror fans , which we definately are . We were first introduced to this in 2006 where a handful of independent films were realeased under this festival only being shown in certain theaters . Since none of these theaters were close we had to wait until they were released on dvd . Unfortunately the wait was not worth it in any sense . Even for b lovers these films just plain -LSB- ... -RSB- . Each one was a huge let down . The trailers made them look like films the horror indusrty needed but wound up being worse then most of the hollywood junk pumped out . This year we almost did n't bother but for the sake of b had to give horrorfest one more shot . The first viewing wasMulberry Street - After Dark Horror Fest -LRB- 2007 -RRB- which turned out to be pretty decent and far better then any of the prior years garbage but still not great . This time we picked up The Deaths of Ian Stone and could n't be more pleased . This film could stand on it 's own in the theaters and be killer . So if you compare it to any of the After Dark films none even come close to this.We start off at a hockey game where Ian Stone is in control of the puck and moving down the ice for a buzzer beater . He shoots and scores but the ref waves it off saying the clock ran out of time even though it clearly stopped with 2 seconds left . Despite his protest the game ended and he had no idea why . There was still two seconds left but nobody would recognize it -LRB- keep this in mind for things to come -RRB- . After the game Ian is in the car with his girlfriend talking to her about the game then drops her off when he notices the clock in his car stopped . He pulls away and drives down the street where he see 's someone lying in the middle of the road . He 's hesitant but get 's out of the car to see if the person is alright . One he walks up he can see that is no person laying there , it 's more of a creature and runs back to his car . When he looks up the creature is no longer in the road . As he tries to pull away the creathure crashes through the windshield and rips him out placing him on the train tracks where he is run over . He then wakes up at a desk where he is asked to update some spreadsheets . So at this point you assume he 's had an awful dream but thankfully that 's not the case . The woman who was his girlfriend in the situation before now works with him but is just a co-worker . He goes home to his apartment where a different woman named Medea -LRB- Jamie Murray , Bill Murray 's daughter -RRB- is his girlfriend . Stick with us it will make sense soon . He begins to talk to her about his hockey days in college and she says he never played hockey . He say 's he 'll show her his yearbook as prove he was # 17 on the team . He opens the book and sees there is a # 17 player but it 's not him , he 's nowhere to be found . The next day he is approached by a man who explains to him that he is being stalked by forces who want him dead . The catch with it is that when he dies he immediately awakes but living a completely different life . Everytime his watch -LSB- ... -RSB- stops that means they are coming for him . Yeah awesome . As he argues with the man he has no choice to believe him because one of the creatures snatches the old man up . Ian runs like hell as anyone would . These creatures are some of the creepiest looking things we 've seen in ages . They look like large spirits but with skeleton faces and are smokey black with huge razor sharp hook hands . Once he gets back to his apartment he explains to his gilfriend something is after him then he gets a hook through the stomach . Yeah his old lady is one of them and explains this will continue to happen to him.In each death he starts a new life . He still looks the same and carries the same name but has very different situations . However in each situation his original girlfriend -LRB- not the creature one -RRB- is part of his life . He is then approached by the old man again who informs him he must not let these spirit creatures kill the girl . He has to protect her or else he has no chance of saving himself from this torment . The film continues at a rapid pace keeping you on the edge of your seat . We do n't want to give any more away because we feel this is definately worth checking out . It has scares and suspense with an excellent original story.So as you can tell this one comes with a strong recommendation from us . It 's actually a legit great film . Going into it we were simply looking to be midly entertained by some horror b but were completely stunned by a great work . These creatures in the film were some of the best ever . Extremely creepy and very real looking . Not quite sure what the budget of this film was but the end result was nothing short of genius . For any horror fan who seeks a very original plot with minor gore and true suspense this one has it . We 're sure any of out fans would love it .
 The first time I watched this , I enjoyed it . Some part me believed it was because my crush on Vogel was at its strongest . So after letting a week go by . I decided to watch it again , just to make sure Vogel was n't the only reason I enjoyed it . So I ventured out and rented it . Sufficed to say , TDOIS is still a good movie.The story begins with Ian Stone -LRB- Mike Vogel -RRB- as a hockey player in a University somewhere in the UK -LRB- Britain -RRB- . He appears to make the winning shot until its revealed that the clock has stopped ... two seconds before its supposed to . Everyone , including Ian himself , is confused and upset with the end result of the game . After giving his girlfriend , Jenny -LRB- Christina Cole -RRB- , a ride home he finds a body on laid out on the road . However , when he goes to the man 's aid he is attacked and dragged onto train tracks , where he 's killed . Moments later , Ian wakes up in a office with no recollection of the previous night ; Jenny is no longer his girlfriend , but a fellow colleague.Nothing appears off to him until his girlfriend , Medea -LRB- Jamie Murray -RRB- , tells him that he has never played hockey , even if Ian remembers otherwise . To make matters worse , his brand new watch stops working the very next day . On the way to work , he is confronted by a mysterious man who tells him that he will be killed again , but he wo n't die . Upon learning this , Ian is pulled in and out of several lives whenever he is killed by his shadowy stalkers . The big question is why?Watching the movie for the first time was confusing . I was n't even aware the main character had died until the old man said something to imply that he did . Of course , almost twenty minutes into the film you catch onto the process really easily . And in some way that does detract from the movie , but the characters are what kept me interested ; That and not knowing if Ian -LSB- and Jenny -RSB- would survive his many encounters with the `` Harvesters '' -LRB- corrupt creatures that feed on fear ... and pain during violent deaths -RRB- . A lot of people like to compare the movie Groundhog Day , but the title character is n't reliving one day and life , so much as he 's jumping from one life to the next , thus making it a little more like Quantum Leap than the aforementioned . Also , the movie really is n't much of a horror movie , its more of a thriller . This is not say that it is n't scary ; it had jumpy moments , all of which did scare me the first time around . There was plenty of `` gore '' to make the easily squeamish uncomfortable , but a lot of it is n't shown . However , when the film reaches its climax , it kind of borderlines on Sci-Fi a bit.The performances from all actors involved in the film are strong . I think this is what kept the film from dying for me . Mike Vogel proves he can carry a movie on his own , with him as the primary focus ; He plays each role his character is given with believable ease . The fear , panic , and confusion in the face of his own demise was also pretty convincing . The supporting cast delivers exceptional performances as well ; Particularly Jamie Murray , who plays his lover , Medea . My only problems with her character is that she seems to flip-flop between scorned lover , to twisted interrogator for her kind , who enjoys pain for pain 's sake.Christina Cole -LRB- from What a Girl Wants -RRB- does what she can with her character Jenny and does it well . I would 've loved to have seen more of her , but I suppose her screen time was limited to maintain anonymity . The old man -LRB- the actor and character 's name escapes me -RRB- is probably the most interesting minor character , who acts as a sort of guide for Ian once he starts believing him.The creature and special effects for the most part , were done well . The late Stan Winston and his studio made the Harvesters pretty believable on a low budget . The CGI skillfully masks any problems one might have with the creatures . Everyone looked great in their make-up -LRB- assuming there was actually a non-CGI Villain-Harvester -RRB- , except Mike Vogel . His Harvester variation was terrible and hardly convincing . It was a little hard to buy his performance when he was made up like that . I do n't know why they just did n't model him after the others . On a final note , the story is a bit weak and the ending lies somewhere between rushed - yet somewhat satisfying -LRB- though I may be biased -RRB- . If you can look past its short comings then I suppose you can still enjoy the movie . -- -LSB- A 4 out of 5 -RSB- June 19th , 2008
 Imagine being trapped in some sort of fantasy world where you keep dying horrible deaths over and over and over , and ca n't escape or figure out why . Pretty creepy , huh ? Well thats the premise of this particular outing from 2007 's Eight Films to Die For.For those not in the know , its an annual limited run of indie horror movies by After Dark Films , and they tend to be quite original . While I was n't able to make it to any of 2007 's movies in the theatre , I have been steadily collecting them on DVD . So far , I 've liked what I 've seen . The first series of movies was incredible , but last years managed to out-do even those , so I must give my hats off to all involved . Great job!Now , as for this particular movie , it is set in Britain and follows the numerous deaths of one Mr. Ian Stone , who keeps getting killed by a supernatural force for some reason he ca n't remember . As his memories start coming back , we learn that he is trapped by ... some sort of interdimensional beings ... . demons , ghosts , whatever you want to call them . I do n't want to go into too much depth , since it 'd spoil the surprise . But the movie was very well done , though the ending was quite an abrupt change of pace . If you want spoilers , check out some of the other reviews . If you want to be surprised , go buy the DVD.As with the other 8 Films to Die For , we are given some bonus serials of the 2007 ` Miss Horrorfest Contest , ' which features a bunch of dark Gothic chicks fighting it out for their place as queen of the horror movie crowd . Quite good stuff actually , but not with all that much relevence to the movie I fear.All in all , it was quite a good outing , and I enjoyed it . But then , I 'm also a big horror movie fan , so I might be a little biased here . Anyway , I 'm going to continue my way through the rest of the 2007 set , steadily making my way up to Frontiers -LRB- which I VERY eagerly await -RRB- . So far , so good !
 This movie is awesome . this is one of my favorite movies from the afterdark horrorfest sereis 2007 . this is just a great movie . it will not be what you expect . if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do
 As far as After Dark ... 8 films to die for ... this is definitely the best one that I have seen . Many of the others are merely average to below average . Ian Stone however breaks thats trend and for my tastes is a A - . . B + movie . Effects are outstanding and this plays more of the Sci-Fi-Fantasy with a pinch of horror.Women ... what do you do . You cant live with one and you cant kill her but she can kill you ... over and over . I thought this would be something I turned on and fell asleep to at about 2 in the morning . However within a few -LRB- 10 -RRB- minutes the story begins to move right along and does not let up . It never did drag at any point . . in my opinion.I went into this show knowing nothing about it other than the title . This will spoil it ... but it is not merely a slice and dice . There is a other wordly feel to it which is exceptional ... immortal beings that feed on fear however a few of them have a drug problem . That problem is that they discovered that the fear they feed on is most potent when their victim is dying . So instead of parasites that feed they become predators ... living in the shadows . . altering reality.I streamed this off Netflix then I turned around and bought it as it has replay value . . a nicely done movie with belivable performances from the cast .
 this really wasnt a horror movie although there were a few scary scenes ... but regardless i thought this movie was pretty damn good ... great concept of a movie and it was well acted in my opinion ... im glad i own it
 I have been watching the after dark horror fest movies and have found some I liked , and some that were just ... well ... stupid . This is one of my top 3 favorites . The acting was suprisingly very good , and the graphics were well done . This movie is not one that really scared me . However , it is freaky . What impressed me about this movie is that it had such a good story to it , and it threw in a love story in the midst of all the demonic madness that worked with the movie without making it a love story , if that makes sense . Yea , there is blood . . but they did n't over do it . And the demonic creatures are pretty scary , I would hate to wake up to one of those , but not one of those movies that really scared me like `` The Abandoned . '' Still , I would say this is my favorite so far . Definitely worth buying .
 Of the films of Horrorfest 2007 I 've seen so far , this is the best yet . This one had a good idea , with our hero getting killed in various violent ways and then waking up to travel to another death in some other life scenario . He 's a college hockey player , then he works in an office and later he 's a junkie and then ... . Well , you get the point . Anyway , there is a force behind all theses happenings and it is a sinister force . This movie has violence , an original idea -LRB- at least for me it seemed original -RRB- and some really cool creatures that have one purpose ... Scare people . Well , they do that but they find something more satisfying . I really enjoyed this one and have to put THE DEATHS OF IAN STONE as one I would easily recommend .
 Of all the Horrorfest films for 2007 , this one caught my eye from the trailer so it was the first I watched on DVD . Others have reviewed the basic plot but to make a long story short ... Ian Stone keeps getting killed in bizarre situations and wakes up in another life . One day he 's a hockey player , then an office worker , then a taxi driver . But every time he wakes up , he brings elements of that former life with him . Mostly his girlfriend and the demonic creatures that are murdering him . Ian must figure out why these things keep killing him to save himself and the girl . -LRB- There . Basic story with little spoilers -RRB- This movie works because you know as little as Ian does and the fun comes in the solving of the mystery . I do n't think this should have been included in a `` Horror '' set because it is more sci-fi fantasy than classic horror . -LRB- Although , if you would classify the tv version of `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' as horror , then this qualifies -RRB- I would put this right up there with tv 's `` Buffy '' because it has a lot of the same elements . In fact , I wish this were a backdoor pilot because the end leaves it open for more storytelling and I would definitely watch . So , do n't go into this expecting `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' . Go in with an open mind and you will find a little gem that is worth multiple viewings .
 Ian Stone -LRB- Mike Vogel -RRB- just ca n't stop dying horrible deaths . After each grisly demise , he wakes up in the middle of another -LRB- alternate -RRB- doomed existence . Yep , every day is Ian 's final day on earth . Or is it ? How and why is this happening ? Who is the girl who keeps showing up in Ian 's various incarnations ? Who is the mysterious man ? What are the seemingly indestructible creatures that keep murdering Ian ? THE DEATHS OF IAN STONE is a thought-provoking twister w / plenty of dismal atmosphere . The story is inventive and the monsters are evil and ugly -LRB- the way I like 'em ! -RRB- . Great stuff ...
 I really enjoyed this movie . It kept me interested from start to finish ; and when I finally figured out the mystery to why Ian kept dying , it continued to keep me wondering what was going to happen next . I really do n't think I would have put this under the genre of horror ; let alone the horrorfest ... I would put it more into the category of sci-fi . Anyway , it is good and worth seeing .
 I was I have to admit a little doubtful at first about _ The Thaw _ . I knew it was a straight to DVD release and I worried that it would have bad acting , awful dialogue , or just otherwise low production values , perhaps like some of the other bad straight to DVD releases out there or some of the worst of the SyFy movies of the week -LRB- especially how they used to be a few years ago before they started improving in quality -RRB- . The movie was a lot better than I thought it would be . In fact , I really liked it . Though the overall plot was not extraordinarily new it boasted one of my favorite go-to genre plots ; the isolated Arctic/Antarctic research station having to contend with some horror that they ca n't get help -LRB- or help fast enough -RRB- from the outside world , a plotline used successfully in the _ The Thing _ , the _ X-Files _ episode _ Ice _ and in the mystery film _ Whiteout _ . This time though with a nod towards global warming has as its location a Canadian island in the high Arctic , a place that is shown largely snow and ice free , just open tundra with a nearly melted glacier.In fact , the movie has more than a nod towards global warming as it is a central theme of the movie . The opening montage shows news footage of global warming related disasters and talking heads on news shows arguing vociferously for or against global warming . I first feared that the film would be preachy -LRB- really , a preachy horror movie ? -RRB- or that the horror would either outright gleefully mock climate change fears or embrace them wholeheartedly with a joy-killing earnestness . Thankfully , the movie did neither.The movie opened with a team lead by an environmental scientist played by Val Kilmer . Up there to study the effects of climate change on polar bears -LRB- they appear to have used a real polar bear in the filming , one in the wild as far as I could tell , impressive -RRB- they come across something . One of the native guides finds just barely covered in the ice of a melting glacier a thawing carcass of a very well preserved woolly mammoth , one so well preserved that the polar bear had been feeding on it.Early on there is something ominous though ; the polar bear , which they had shot with a tranquiller gun so that they could study it , unexpectedly died off camera . This is a shock to the researchers . What is going on?No answers yet as we go to the United States to meet the rest of the cast , the chief scientist 's estranged daughter and three graduate students , all of whom are to join the professor at his research camp -LRB- one of the students is played by Aaron Ashmore of _ Smallville _ fame , a good actor and much appreciated -RRB- . Taking them to the research station is a bush helicopter pilot , a good man and a strong character in this film.Cutting back to the research station , or rather , the field station camp near the mammoth find , things are clearly not well . The researchers are sick , possibly dying , and Val Kilmer 's character , looks defeated , depressed and is obviously making some sort of video diary that has the feel of a last will and testament . He warns the helicopter pilot to not bring his daughter up there -LRB- though crucially , and deliberately , says nothing of the students -RRB- . What is going on?I do n't think I am giving too much away to say that the threat is some sort of insect-like creature , a parasite , one that had infested the woolly mammoth and now -LRB- presumably thanks to global warming -RRB- was free , active , and now making the research team sick . The insects are creepy , the effects they have on people chilling , and there was some really good tension and thrills regarding their threat -LRB- and key to the sub-genre of genre films , half the action is the growing paranoia , hysteria , and frustration of people in a very isolated part of the world , far from help , in a life or death situation against something truly unknown and deeply chilling , in a situation where the worst can come out in people and everyone fears everyone else -RRB- . There however is more than meets the eye at first , truly muddying the waters and making any charge that this is a pro-environmentalist film a difficult one to make in my opinion.The cinematography is beautiful . I must confess I have not watched the making of special feature but clearly they were somewhere , not on a soundstage -LRB- except maybe while inside the station itself -RRB- and were somewhere doing great location shooting . If they were n't in the Canadian Arctic they found a good place to represent it . They also had real helicopters and the CGI was quite good . There was action but nothing I thought too unrealistic , nothing that I thought the characters would n't try or could n't achieve given their backgrounds.All in all a surprisingly good movie . My only complaint was that Val Kilmer seemed little used and tired at first , almost not wanting to be there , an opinion I revised when I saw the entire film , that the amount of time he was used and how he acted very much fit his character 's mental state and served the overall plot of the film well . There were some gross scenes but I have seen much , much worse and what was shown I think was necessary to advance the plot and show the very real risk faced by the students and others in the film .
 Although this movie is slow in certain parts , it still has a good amount of suspense . Val Kilmer plays his role very well . Kyle Scmid is the most noticeable character who shows a variety of emotions from compassion to apathy . The supporting cast is also impressive . One star has been removed due to some slow scenes.This is a four star movie .
 I 've reviewed this movie everywhere else so I 'll keep it short . If you liked John Carpenter 's The Thing , you will like this movie ... at least chances are good . This is Val Kilmer finally making a movie where he can play on his acting skills and not rely on action/combat skills -LRB- which he does n't have many of -RRB- . It 's creepy , the setting is perfect and the way it ends makes it all worth it . At least worth a watch once , I loved this
 Mankind has destroyed the environment through global warming , but now , nature is fighting back ! The melting of a polar ice cap reveals a deadly new parasite that overtakes a small band of researchers in Northern Canada . It is up to them to prevent the bug from reaching civilization , or it may mean the end of humanity . Paranoia and suspense reign supreme in THE THAW , a winning combination that adds familiar elements from BUG , LONG WEEKEND , RIGHT AT YOUR DOOR , and THE THING together to form terrifying new thriller that is sure to get under your skin ! One bite from these flesh-eating bugs can lay thousands of eggs , and once they hatch ... Like in THE THING , the game is figuring out which of the students have become infected , and watching as the group falls apart out of fear and mistrust . The pace is perfectly planned around this unfolding drama , with plenty of gory gross-outs found along the way . THE THAW is rounded out by a solid cast and beautiful cinematography , making its only major weakness unfortunate timing , since it follows so many similar films in the past.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 I was n't expecting much going into this movie but I was pleasently surprised.It was pretty good for a lower budget movie and alot better than most of these virus/epidemic movies.It has good cinematography , decent acting , good story and alot of gross scenes for you gore lovers.I liked the remote location.This is one of the best movies by Ghost House Underground.If you have a bug phobia I suggest you stay away from this movie otherwise it 's definitly worth your time to check it out.I liked that they left the ending open for a sequel.Hope it will be as good as this one .
 I must admit I had never heard of this series before but the movie was really a good movie I would watch it over and over worth the rent or buy Me I bought it
 Ghost House Pictures have been releasing some very good stuff and this one surely made it worth the time to watch.I think more previews should be shown on the ghost house pictures , a horror fan such as myself I would love to own more of them , very good horror stuff , keep 'em comingThe Thaw .
 Leave it to Amazon to have all the oldest and newest horror films in stock . Great movie for my growing collection of classic horror films . Amazon is the place to get everything one needs ... they never disappoint . Very pleased with my purchase .
 Val Kilmer plays a brilliant scientist -LRB- !! -RRB- in the arctic to study global warming . He and his team unwittingly unleash an army of deadly parasites after finding a mammoth buried in the melting ice . THE THAW is semi-preachy , but still manages to deliver some shivers w / the icky bugs and their habit of devouring human flesh . Kilmer 's role is more of a cameo . He 's quite tolerable and actually integral to the story . Give this one a go ...
 This movie was quite a satisfying ` isolation / paranoia / suspense / gore ' movie ! It 's not a classic but it is very well done and should meet -LRB- and in some cases exceed -RRB- viewers ' expectations . Inevitable comparisons to John Carpenter 's ` The Thing ' will arise -LRB- and indeed the initial setup is similar to ` The Thing ' -RRB- , but hopefully people wo n't attack this film because of that , as that would n't be entirely fair . The movie plays out differently than ` The Thing ' and some of the sequences are truly unnerving in their own right . There is a major ` squirm ' factor that permeates the movie with the parasites really ` getting under your skin ' during some of the more disturbing infestation shots . It remains sufficiently suspenseful and unpredictable all the way to the satisfying conclusion . Val Kilmer is great as the obsessed scientist but he is n't in the movie very much , however this is n't a hinderance to the movie because the rest of the cast are quite capable themselves . The ` making of ' documentary is entertaining and reveals many scenes that were apparently more difficult to shoot than they appeared in the film . Overall it was exactly the kind of movie I was expecting . Not a classic but very good and entertaining .
 This is one creepy movie ! Set in a desolate Canadian landscape , THE THAW is a warning about global warming and how it might just affect mankind . An eco-research team led by a dauntless Val Kilmer uncover a thawed mammoth that is host to a virulent vertebral parasite that quickly devours its hosts . Enter three students and Kilmer 's daughter and let the `` fun '' begin . The bugs which look like big earwigs soon start their attack and it 's relentlessly disturbing.This is a pretty dark movie featuring tight direction and good performances . A good horror flick .
 This was actually a better movie than I thought it might be . This selection showed up when I was selecting movies from a Redbox , and it promised to be fairly entertaining . The opening sequence -LRB- with the news , reporters , etc talking about a epidemic and that lady with the bug in her forehead -RRB- piques your interest and you wonder what is happening , and then the movie starts . At first it seems like your typical polar research station set up , but it quickly unfolds into something creepy.The special effects and the characters were well-done to me , with various people freaking out about infections and the like - I know I would be freaking out big-time . The only thing that really bothered me about this movie was the prolonged sex scene between Fed and his on-and-off girlfriend , it was a very , very unneccessary scene especially because it went on for like , a good ten seconds with the thrusting and all and it was not relevant to the plot . However , things get really good as the young ` uns are trying to figure out what the heck is going on as the infections start to appear and Jane shows up.The ending is n't your stereotypical happy ending where the guy and the girl make out and everything 's dandy , and it actually leads up into the opening scene , making for a movie that is creepily realistic . Vampires and werewolves and giant anacondas are fun , but this movie really hits home because there are already parasitic bugs in this world , and I 've seen pictures and read stories of these nasty infestations . This movie does a great job with the special and infection effects , so if you want to watch this movie , I warn you ... once you see it , you CAN NOT unsee it.CRAWLING UNDER MY FLESH THESE WOUNDS THEY WILL NOT HEALWRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYAfter watching this movie , I felt the intense urge to check my own body and take a shower because the movie was so creepy !
 It 's definitely a warning of warming ... global that is . This Ghost House Underground contribution is a sci-fi wake-me-up with realistic undertones . It asks us ... how long will we ignore the threat of ignoring our environment/climate . This film will definitely get under your skin ... literally . And it was nice to see Val Kilmer back on the screen in a dramatic role ... as one of the few experts trying to educate the populace of GW . Well worth a view for both horror and sci-fi fans ... but look at the box closely . If you have a phobia for bugs , you may not want to watch this alone .
 This film is a lot of fun ; it 's funny , well paced and features a terrific soundtrack of music by an extremely entertaining Russian rock 'n roll band called Red Elvises . The cast is also very likeable and talented , featuring , among others , Danny Aiello and Robert Capelli , Jr.The story involves the Italian-American Mafia and the Russian Mafia working together and basically hinges on a Russian mail order bride -LRB- Ivana Milicevic -RRB- who pulled a $ 50,000 scam on a member of the Italian-American Mafia who naturally wants some retribution . It 's decided in a hilarious phone call full of miscommunication that the Italian-American Mafia boss ' lovable screw-up of a nephew , Anthony , will be sent to Russia to find the girl and get the money back . He is sent along with Ivan , the son of the head guy of the Russian Mafia , to protect him in Russia . They get off the plane in Moscow with Ivan complaining bitterly about the plane running out of vodka , an unheard-of and to him , unforgivable , occurrence . The fun takes off from there with romance , double crossing , crime , more double crossing and much more , including one very funny scenes involving `` the best doctor in all of Russia . `` Comedically the film is solid - audiences at the film festival screening were laughing from beginning to end . Visually , the scenes in Red Square -LRB- the original working title of this film was actually `` Red Squares '' -RRB- were beautifully shot and it was quite interesting to see more of Moscow as the hero raced through the streets during a high-speed chase . Musically , the music fits perfectly with the story and can be heard on the Red Elvises website . Overall , the entire film moves along nicely and is thoroughly a good time ; I found it to be completely enjoyable .
 Alec Baldwin comes on quoting from the Tao Te Ching , making me think he 's my kind of anti hero . He 's urban , sophisticated and seemingly very safe since he 's an art curator , or seems to be . Demi Moore as Annie Laird , a gifted and original sculptor -LRB- she sculpts works of art that you feel with your hands by reaching up into them
 Demi Moore is great as a Bohemian single mom and struggling artist living alone with her 12-year-old son -LRB- Joseph Gordon-Levitt -RRB- in a converted barn in a country suburb of New York . When she becomes a juror in a murder case against a major Mafia boss , her peaceful life is turned upside down by a sociopathic hitman 's -LRB- Alec Baldwin -RRB- obsession with her . Though she knows the mob boss is guilty , she is bullied into providing a verdict of ` not guilty ' under threat of her son being killed . I see that some reviewers are ` yawning ' that this story has been done before , but Moore and Baldwin give such fantastic performances that it seems like the first time anything of its kind has been done . The actors accomplish making their characters appear very real . Demi seems like she could be a woman who used to live on your block or who you once worked with , and Baldwin is like the living nightmare psycho you hope you 'll never meet ! Anne Heche is good as Demi 's best friend , and Joseph Gordon-Levitt is believable as the typical sweet kid of someone you might know . It is also a scenic , beautiful movie . Filmed partially in upstate New York in what looks like late May/early June , and in Central America , there 's plenty of nice scenery . I think this picture is well worth owning and watching again and again .
 If you did n't read the novel by George Dawes Green upon which this movie is based , you missed a lot of extra stuff that may have helped with the seemingly implausible points of the plot . A whole subplot involving the Teacher 's lover and a has-been PI stimulated a lot of what is overlooked in the film version . But I think overall director Brian Gibson did a commendable job in translating this to the screen.Demi Moore gives one of her best performances as the trapped mother ; she is strong , yet vulnerable ; determined and wise . Alec Baldwin is good at playing sleazeballs , but he tempers this with a sense of sensitivity he rarely displays ; Anne Heche in an early role does well in the role of Juliette , although in the book Juliette 's character is more fleshed out ; James Gandolfino in a pre-Sopranos role is outstanding as Baldwin 's henchman , who ends up siding with Moore ; and Tony Lo Bianco in a brief role as the mafia don , is perfect in his sleazy shell.THE JUROR is a manipulative movie , but done with enough style and finesse , to be a very entertaining thriller .
 This is one of my favorite movies . I recently went to a movie in the theater and the young man was so familiar to me and by the time I got home I realized he is the same person as Demi Moore 's son in this movie ! I 'm not a huge Demi Moore fan , this is one of three movies that I really thought she did a great job . Alec Baldwin is `` deadly charming '' ...
 Last night I started watching this DVD and my wife soon put down her Harry Potter book because this movie drew her into the suspense . It pulls peoples attention into it because of the fine acting by Alec Baldwin and Demi Moore and a great storyline . The rest of the supporting cast are good as well.The story is a fresh one , a juror is first courted then tormented by a hit man for the mob . Alec Baldwin is quite adept at being scary when he wants to be and charming as well . Demi is by no means a helpless beauty . She shows herself to be artistic , intelligent , and resourceful as well.When first threatened she succumbs to the demands of `` The Teacher '' , but when he murders her closest friend , she sets a course for revenge . If the mob ca n't help her she will enlist the assistance of her friends in South America . One gets a pretty good idea of how a womans inner strength can prevail over the worst evil.The DVD includes extras and has excellent picture and sound quality . Anyone that enjoys suspense movies like `` Witness '' , `` The Client '' , and `` Narrow Margin '' , or TV series like `` The Sopranos '' should like this movie . If you like this you might also enjoy Alec Baldwin in `` The Shadow '' .
 Take a ride with the mob as they go down the wrong road in THE JUROR . Alec Baldwin becomes fascinated with Demi Moore , a juror he is trying to suborn for the mobster he `` consults '' for . His admiration for her leads him , and all of his co-conspirators to make a terrible series of mistakes . He is at his unhinged best in another of his pretty-boy psycho roles , angry perhaps that Tony LoBianco as the mob boss on trial , and James Gandolfini , another hood that calls himself Captain Crunch , look better , and are sexier than he is . Because Alec is the perfect stalker , almost pathetically so . He has such issues with women and people in general that he is utterly alone . Until he meets Demi Moore , a beautiful artist and single mother - then , too stupid to use a straight con on her , which would probably have worked , he immediately threatens her son , adorable Joseph Gordon-Levitt . His many meetings with her repeat this torture , including one which makes her scream and vomit in fear , and thrill him just because he has an excuse to see her again . -LRB- None of his other women , we feel , survived their first date with him . -RRB- Alec falls more and more in love with her , to the disgust of his mafia bosses , because they know what a wierdo he really is.In the end , they all get just what they were asking for .
 An older movie that I did not see when it first came out and decided to give it a try . It was better than average and I enjoyed Alc Baldwin 's portrayal of a real nasty character .
 Love this movie very suspensful and awesome very well worth purchasing who highly recommend this to who anyone who loves suspensful movies
 I sent this to my sister who recently moved to the north woods and ca n't get many tv channels . It 's a good dvd if you like suspense .
 Ahh the mafia . Lock a few up , the rest hunt you down . The movie was entertaining , probably mainly because of Alec . He 's gorgous , and his character is cold , evil , scary , and determined . Bad mix . The saddest part was when he killed the blonde doctor friend . I mean come on . How sick can you be .
 This movie is well directed , has a great script , but what really makes it a exceptional movie is the acting . Demi Moore and Alec Baldwin both turn in the best performances of their respective careers . Moore is very beliviable as a single mom who is a strugling artist with a good heart . Baldwin gives an amazing performance as a sociopath who `` works '' for a mafia family . In reality Baldwin 's influence is so powerful that it almost seems like the mafia family really works for him . At the very least Baldwin only takes orders from the Boss himself , he does not listen to anyone else . Everyone fears him , and rightly so , his nickname is `` the teacher '' because `` when you see him school 's out '' . Baldwin gives this nickname depth and meaning , he really is a teacher in a sick , sadistic way , he teaches Annie , -LRB- Demi Moore 's character -RRB- the way the world really works and how vunerable she is . He teachers her that safety is an illusion of modern society . Baldwin 's character 's real name in this film is Vincent , but Annie never knows that , to her he is only the Teacher . The Teacher is much worse than the other mafiosa , he is cultured , very good looking , well mannered , charming , he seems like some kind of hot shot buisness man or some sort of elite member of high society . The way he speaks makes him sound like a ivy leauge educated rich guy . The last thing he seems like is a hit man for the mob and that is precisly why he is so dangerous . He is like a chamleion , he can disguise his true nature so expertly it is spooky . This is because he almost convinces himself he is someone else , to a certain extent he tricks himself into forgetting who he really is temporarily and emerses himself in the character . He is not really just a hitman for the mob , he is that but he is other things as well , he is the No. 1 assassin but he is also the Counslieria -LRB- remember Robert Duvuall as Tom Hagan in the Godfather -RRB- he advises the Don on policy . The Teacher is slowly but surely taking over control of the Mafia family , he is setting up deals with Italian Mafia from Calabra , he is negotiating with Columbians , Jamacians , etc. . He is turning this mafia family from a localized crime operation into an international crimal enterprise . He has vision , direction , and is pretty much a evil genuis . He has a keen understanding of human psychology and although he feels fear he uses it to make him stronger `` I embrace fear Annie , it is terror that teaches us our shape . '' This might sound like abstarct silly philosphy but he applies it to the criminal world with lucrative results . Even within the mafia family he consults for/kills for/directs he is feared . He has no friends , he is useful to the mafia as a weapon which everyone fears but having him around is a double edged sword . The Don 's son , -LRB- played by the guy who played Jackie , the first boss who died of cancer before Tony took over on the Sopranos -RRB- hates the Teacher and realizes that he is no good , bad things have a way of happening around him , people are always dying , even more so than usual . The Teacher is nothing but BAD NEWS and the Don 's son realizes this instinctvly . He is manipulating the mob family for his own interests , invovling this local crime family with orgazinations that are international in nature and much more powerful than they are . He is getting the mafia in over its head , I know how weird this might sound but it is accurate . The Italian mafia from Italy and the Colombians are much worse than the American Iatalin mob , the people who run them are more like the Teacher than like the other mobsters in the family `` works for '' . They are nothing but cold blooded killers with no morals . The Teacher is sort of like a tiger among wolves , the most dangerous predator in the jungle . The viewer never really understands what makes the Teacher tick , he seems to be building this criminal empire out of bordom . He is not really that interested in material things , he lives in a garage , dresses in jeans and t-shirts , etc. . The Teacher defies catoragazation , he be anything he chooses , he can be a gangster , an art curator , a philsopher , anything . He carries a silenced pistol with him wherever he goes , he makes the other mob guys look like clowns , amatures . He has no equals , he has yet to met his match , until he meets Annie . In a strange way Moore 's character understands the Teacher better than anyone else and is more able to predict his actions . She has femine insights and guile that the other mobsters lack , she realizes she can manipulate the Teacher eventually , although it is an exteemly dangerous game to play . Annie is very smart , in her own way just as smart as the Teacher and she has the distinct advantage of not being insane which is the only weakness the Teacher has , altough it is also in a way his greatest strength because it allowes him to think outside the box . Supporting cast in this movie include good performances by Ann Hesh as Annie 's well intentioned but naive and nosy friend . James Gadofini of Soprano 's fame plays a mob underling who was intially responsible for recruiting Vincent A.K.A. the Teacher into the mob . The Teacher is from a poor backround and grew up in the same neighborhood that all the other mobseters grew up in , although you would not know it by the way he acts , talks , etc. . The facade of the Teacher is all an illusion , even when he acts as a gangster it is still an illusion , he is sort of like a serial killer but at the same time not really , he does not fit into any sort of catogary . The only time he is really himself is when he is killing someone or intimidating them , the mafia and all his criminal manuverings are merely a hobby to him , a vehicle by which to impose his will and kill people . The Teacher is one of the greatest villians ever to be put on film , almost like a Satanic pshycotherapist , if you can imagine that . Baldwin and Moore have terrific chemistry on screen together , the relationship between their characters is what really makes the film , this movie is a psycological thriller that requires that the viewer have intellect , perhaps this is why it did not make money and many people do not like it , it went over their heads . Also this movie is very realistic in its portrayl of violence and everything else , not once did I say to myself , that would never happen , etc. . Some reviwers think that this movie is unrealistic because the mob could not get to a jury like it did , please , wake up and smell the coffee . The mob has gotten to plenty of juries and continues to do so . Informers in the legal , justice , and law enforcement systems enable the mafia to know what the cops are planning ahead of time . This movie is distrubing in that the forces of law are either corrupt of inept , but that is the truth and anyone who thinks diffent is a fool . The kid who plays Annie 's son in this movie does a very good job as well . The plot of this movie is basically that while The Teacher is elimanting all restance to his rule , he kills another mobster and also kills his 12 year old kid . The mob don is brought to trial on charges that he ordered that killing as well as other RICO charges . As soon as Annie decides to serve on the jury The Teacher selects her as the one to turn into their tool to get the don off . He comes up with a brillant plan no normal mobster ever would have thought of , instead of just trying to get Annie to vote Not Guilty he uses her to get an acquital , he makes her convicne all the other jurors to also vote not guilty . He selected her because he saw how intelligent she was and because he could sense her inner strength , he is a good judge of character . He decides to transform her into his tool , he teachers her to be agressive , dominant , manipulative , etc. . He teachers her to become almost a feminine version of himself , but in the end he teaches her to well , because she turns the lessons the Teacher taught her on the Teacher himself . That is what makes this movie interesting , the transformation of Annie 's character by the Teacher to the point where she becomes confident enought to take on the teacher himself and teach the the teacher a lesson he will never forget . Their is a horrible , filthy death scene in this movie where someone is forced fed pills that will kill them , this scene is really , really , really sick . The way the Teacher approaches the whole situation is insane yet ingenious , he acts like Annie 's coach or something , breaking her down and then building her up . When he threatens he does so in very sublte ways that are much more intimaditing than outright threats , he always phrases his indimaditing statements as if invisible forces are going to hurt Annie and her son and he the Teacher is the only one who can protect her and her son from these forces . For instance , `` this is a very dangerous time for Oliver right now -LRB- Annie 's son -RRB- we could lose him just like that ! '' and he slaps his hands together . Every scene between the Teacher and Annie is framed as a lesson , and in a sick way it is a lesson , a lesson in how evil works , a lesson in fear . Another great scene is one where he says `` I 'm here to teach you what you love Annie , the suits want you to love the law , but can the law protect Oliver from Drunk Drivers ? '' He says while driving a car right toward Oliver . That scene is the best scene in the movie by far , it is very intense . `` Who will protect you ? '' The Teacher screams , `` The Teacher will protect me . '' Annie screams back over and over . Whoa !!! That scene is nuts ! Maybe the reason this movie was not popular with most people is because their is no clear cut moral message , if this movie has a message it is do not volunteer for Jury Duty , or maybe the message is dont depend on the FBI or the courts for protection . The only justice in this movie is street justice , vengeance and retribution . The Teacher is like a beautiful , charming , but venemous and deadly viper . Annie has a keen understanding of physchology as well and uses it to her advantage . Differences between The Teacher and the Don lead to explosive consquences . This movie is dark and disturbing , suspensful and shocking . One of the most underated movies of all time
 This is a Great movie you will not be disappointed ... Alec Baldwin does a superb job acting in this movie . This movie I could watch over and over without tiring . . One of my all time favorites : -RRB-
 ` The Juror ' is what you expect to be a typically Mafia story , but the film proves that a strong cast performance can overcome an ordinary storyline . Fabulous performances from Demi Moore and Alec Baldwin , specially Demi Moore who is absolutely incredible and very precise in playing Annie , for whom you would honestly give your heart out to , Annie is the woman you would like to care about , you can sneak into her heart every time and read her mind . The film is definitely worth watching , for an outstanding performance by Moore and Baldwin and a neat direction .
 I love Demi Moore and Alec Baldwin in this . The stroy is totally compelling and keeps you glued . I 've seen this movie several times and I always notice something I over-looked before . All of the actors give powerful performances and the plot is an intriguing web of lies , suspicion and paranoia . It 's a fun ride and you totally root for Demi at the end .
 I am not a real fan of Demi Moore or Alec Baldwin and yes this is an older movie . That said , it is an awesome movie and extremely well done . I hope you all enjoy it as well as we did .
 This movie is a masterpiece in suspense and surprises around every corner . Alec Baldwin 's character makes the movie shout out with sinister suspense . He captures the crazy psychopathic personality perfectly and was wonderful to watch.The plot revolves around Annie Laird -LRB- Demi Moore -RRB- , who is a single mother and an artist of sorts that lives with her son in New York . During the day , Annie works in an office as a data entry clerk . She is selected to be a juror in the trial of a mob boss , Louie Boffano -LRB- Tony Lo Bianco -RRB- . He is on trial for the murders of Salvador Riggio and Salvador 's grandson Thomas . He ordered their murders.Mark Cordell -LRB- played perfectly by Alec Baldwin -RRB- buys Annie 's artwork . He wants to get control of her life , her jury function and her son . He has gone through her home without her knowing and scanned photos and documents of her life . He knows everything . He is impressed with Annie 's intelligence and is smitten in a strange but controlling way . Oliver , her only son -LRB- Joseph Gordon-Levitt -RRB- is suspicious after he comes home . Mark does not want Oliver to see him , but Oliver peeks down from the loft . He understands his mother is at risk.Mark is handsome , smart , manly , strong and bold . He wins over Annie and takes her out to reveal he is better known as `` The Teacher '' -LRB- Boffano 's enforcer and hit man -RRB- . Mark tells Annie to convince the jury to acquit Boffano or her son is at risk.A frightened Annie convinces the jury to acquit Boffano . Even after the trial Boffano does not trust her as his gut has a feeling she is a weak link . Mark is asked to do the hit , but he has feelings for Annie.The plot develops and Cordell sees that Annie has hidden her son in Guatemala with her friend Boone -LRB- Matt Craven -RRB- . The District attorney wants Annie to turn state 's witness so they can arrest Mark , who has plans to take over Boffano 's empire with help of South American drug dealers . Annie wears a wire for the DA 's office , and succeeds to get Mark to boast about his plan to overthrow Boffano . She then goes to Boffano to let him know that Mark is a backstabber and he needs to get rid of him.Mark is asked to meet with Boffano . He seems wary while Eddie -LRB- James Gandofini -RRB- , a mob member , says Boffano wants to meet again to discuss killing Annie . Mark knows something is going on and kills Boffano , his son , and other mob members with a bomb hidden in payoff money.Mark realizes Annie set him up and is out for revenge . He is going to kill Oliver , her only son . He knows where Oliver is in Guatemala and flies out with Annie close behind . She realizes he knew all the time where she hid Oliver.The ending is a wild chase to save Oliver , but Annie comes through . This is a great suspenseful and riveting movie .
 The juror is a very good movie , demi moore plays a good role in being a loving mother whose world starts falling apart when she 's accepted as part of a jury.Mr Baldwin 's performance isnt anything new from him but the character he plays suits him perfectly.A few innocent mistakes in the script make this movie a little less believable in some scenes but overall its very good , I for one enjoyed it very much
 I first saw this film on channel four and I loved it . Demi Moore put in a very captivating performance and Alec Baldwin was very scary!Overall , this is a good movie with plenty of unforgettable moments , but not one for the faint hearted !
 `` The Juror '' is an entertaining movie with great acting by Demi Moore and Alec Baldwin . It was also well written and artistically filmed . I thought the dialogue was intense and brought to life incredibly by Demi Moore . She 's a great actress , I do n't care what the `` critics '' say .
 Sixth -LRB- And last -RRB- movie in the boxset . Well , looks like I 've saved the best one for last . Ghoulies IV . I originally did a review for this back in like February , but I decided to do a new one . The Ghoulies series is pretty awesome . I know there are some people who do n't like them , and that 's fine . This happens to be my favorite one in the series . Yeah , I know the actual Ghoulies do n't appear and are replaced by 2 guys in costumes , one of them being Tony Cox from Bad Santa . Now , onto the movie.The movie centers around Jonathan Graves , the main character from the first movie , being played once again , by Peter Liapis , who is now a cop for the LAPD and has put his past of the occult behind him . During the first part of the movie , we encounter Alexandra -LRB- Played by the very hot Stacie Randall -RRB- communicating with a demon from beyond named Faust , who is the dark side of Jonathan . Faust asks Alexandra for a red jewel and something goes awry , therefore , unleashing the Ghoulies from the beyond.I think Jim Wynorski did a good job with the directing . And the music by Chuck Cirino is funny as well . -LRB- SPOILER AHEAD -RRB- At the end of this movie , the Ghoulies say that there will be a Ghoulies IV , Part 2 , or Ghoulies V. I still hope that sequel gets made and I especially hope Jim Wynorski returns to direct .
 `` Ghoulies 4 '' costs over $ 80 to buy , but if you 're a REAL Ghoulies fan , buy it . If you like Ghoulies and own `` 1 '' , `` 2 '' and `` 3 '' and are QUITE interested to see `` 4 '' , do n't buy it , rent it . If Ghoulies mean everything to you , save up an buy `` 4 '' - it 's not the best , but it 's damn good !
 Ghoulies 4 is pretty ghoulish . The ghoulies look very different from the last ghoulies , but there still cool . Theres some nice flash backs , from Ghoulies the first movie . Any fan of the ghoulies movies will enjoy watching Ghoulies 4 .
 This is my favorite of the ghoulies movies . Well Alexandra in Leather and thigh boots will do that . LOL . Item was brand new and around $ 3.00 . Had to snatch it at that price . Took less than a week to get it . Fast shipping , great seller . Ca n't go wrong if your into this type of horror/comedy movies !
 Very pleased with the quality of this dvd . Used products are generally not in very good condition . Will continue to buy from this seller in the future .
 Werewolf Fever is a horror-comedy that is just fun from beginning to end . If drive-ins were still around , this movie would definitely be showing on one . It starts off funny , with Ian Lloyd -LRB- who plays the manager of a burger joint -RRB- delivering hilarious dialogue every time he opens his mouth . But when the werewolf shows up and starts killing people in gruesome ways , the horror kicks in . Most of the movie takes place at the burger joint , so the budget could n't have been much . The movie does n't look cheap , though . And the werewolf costume is cool , and much better than CGI . If you like B-movies , I do n't see any reason why you would n't like Werewolf Fever . And I must add that the movie clocks in at a quick 65 minutes , and includes some catchy opens playing in the opening and closing credits .
 This is the film that made Susan Hayward a star . It is one of her top performances . Miss Hayward had been in Hollywood since 1938 or so and had really only done a slew of supporting performances . Then she got the lead in this and it was one of the biggest hits of 1947 . She received the first of her five Academy Award nominations . And rightfully so , this film could have easily dissolved into typical 40 's melodrama and tears , but Miss Hayward really manages to keep it a cut about all of that . She plays an up-and-comer singer who falls for another up-and-comer singer . They get married and she gives up her career to be a full-time wife and later mother . As her husband 's star rises dramatically , she is often left at home while he 's on the road , and of course taken for granted . Her husband 's young woman business manager who travels with him and pines for him does not help matters . This leads to a severe drinking problem on Miss Hayward 's part . As a result , her husband leaves her and keeps their child . Despite trying to sober up to make a professional comeback and to regain custody of the child , Miss Hayward suffers a relapse and both her life and the child 's life are in danger . Not to spoil the ending , but it ends as any other 1940 's film of this ilk ends.Yet , Miss Hawyard really keeps this from slipping into silly melodrama . She plays the ignored wife/drunk really well . She creates a tremendous amount of sympathy for the character , and the subtle slide into alcoholism is well-handled . There are some really nice musical numbers in this as well . The rest of the cast is good , and the movie is a little daring in parts . She socializes with her husband 's male friends , her husband has a woman business manager , and -LRB- gasp -RRB- Miss Hawyward lives with her husband briefly before they are married . Racy stuff for 1947 ! Overall , this is a joy to watch . It is Susan Hayward at her best.The DVD is nice . The film is visually dark and this was actually distracting in parts , I 'm not sure that this was some noir attempt or a bad transfer , but the sound is fine , particularly the songs . There are chapter selections that are n't much , and no extras . It 's nice , however , that one of Susan Hayward 's best roles is now available on DVD .
 Susan Hayward , impossibly young and beautiful , in this Walter Wanger production , portraying Angelica Evans , a young chanteuse with the world at her feet , but who does n't want the world . She wants Ken Conway , part of an unemployed singing/songwriting duo -LRB- sexlessly portrayed by Lee Bowman -RRB- , but he is socially beneath her . As the effervescent star of a family of performers -LRB- who happens to like a little drinkee now and then -RRB- , Angelica lacks the ambition to continue her singing career . It 's easy to understand why - not having been around in 1947 , it 's hard to imagine that the kind of singing and dancing that Hayward does as Angelica could ever be popular in real life . But , we digress - suffice to say she gives up her career for love . Hubby , and his partner , played by Eddie Albert get jobs as singing cowboys on the radio -LRB- another mysteriously popular career in old movies -RRB- , and he pens a special song - a hideously slurpy ballad called `` Life Can Be Beautiful . '' Dispensing with the cowboy routine , hubby sings the song on his radio show one night and become an overnight success , a teen idol - this , of course , is a time when teen idols * were n't * teenagers themselves . He gets hooked up with a management company , and acquires an assistant , a little minx named Martha , wickedly played by Marsha Hunt . Little Martha takes over many aspects of hubby 's life , rendering Angelica useless , except as a milk machine for the baby . A few little drinkee-winkees help ease the pain -LRB- `` It puts * poise * in apathetic people , '' she tells us -RRB- , but with the drinkees come the attendant drunken dramas and Angelica becomes an embarrassment to her pop star husband . Martha happily manipulates the situation , making sure that Angelica knows that she 's no longer needed in every way possible . This culminates in a drunken slapfest at a party , resulting in hubby moving out . Proven to be an unfit mother , Angelica loses custody of her child and naturally dives deeply into the bottle . Drunkenly deciding to kidnap her child , she does so , and nearly kills the child by setting the house on fire with a cigarette . This brings Angelica and hubby back together again , Martha admits there was never anything between them - she just wanted Angelica to * think * so , and everything works out perfectly , with hubby understanding that his wife 's alcoholism was caused by his lack of attention to her . Life can be beautiful . Indeed .
 Just watch Susan Hayward in this one performance and it 's all there ----- she had it before this film -LRB- her first shot out of the box for a producer who could n't get anyone to tackle the role -- and she made it hers forever . If you 're a Susan Hayward fan you know what it 's like to be just that -- forever . For the talent , the attitude , the independence , the fire , the passion , the dynamic sense of humor ----- they 're all there and remain in your memories of greatness for as long as film goes thur spockets . Susan Hayward was , is , and always will be `` a movie star '' . Always .
 This is probably the most important movie of Susan Hayward 's career . Susan was only considered as a supporting actress to Paramount 's leading ladies before she broke away from the studio and made `` Smash-Up
 You can definitely see the beginnings of Susan Hayward 's performance -LRB- as drunken singing star Lillian Roth in 1955 's `` I 'll Cry Tomorrow '' -RRB- in this , her very first Academy Award-nominated performance , 1947 's SMASH-UP . Susan Hayward stars as Angie Evans , a singer who gives away her career for marriage and motherhood . But when her husband Ken 's -LRB- Lee Bowman -RRB- radio career suddenly shifts into high-gear , Angie -- unable to cope in the harsh world spotlight -- begins taking comfort in the bottom of champagne bottles.Co-starring Marsha Hunt and Eddie Albert , SMASH-UP does offer a blueprint for the eventual performance which Hayward gave in `` I 'll Cry Tomorrow '' ; indeed the fictional Angie shares many similaries with real-life Lillian Roth . If there is a weak link in the cast it 's Lee Bowman ; he simply ca n't match the energy that Hayward generates in their scenes . Sometimes it 's like Hayward is trying to revive a cold , dead fish.Recommended for Hayward fans .
 Whether you get to see this film on DVD or VHS , SEE IT ! Susan Hayward was never more beautiful and as usual , her acting in this film as a singer with a drinking problem is the best ! With a supporting cast of Lee Bowman , Marsha Hunt and Eddie Albert you ca n't go wrong . This little known film is finally on DVD , so it 's out there for everyone to see . Do n't miss it .
 I do n't care if the critics considered this a bad movie or not , Susan Hayward 's performance is outstanding and so is Marsha Hunts ' . Wait till you see the fight scene between the two of them , it looked like these two steely broads forgot the camera was on ! Miss Hayward insisted on playing the bedroom fire scene without a double and the subtleties with which she plays a drunk is every bit as good as Kim Stanley did in The Goddess ! If you like melodrama and love Susan Hayward , this is a film you ca n't miss .
 You can definitely see the beginnings of Susan Hayward 's performance -LRB- as drunken singing star Lillian Roth in 1955 's `` I 'll Cry Tomorrow '' -RRB- in this , her very first Academy Award-nominated performance , 1947 's SMASH-UP . Susan Hayward stars as Angie Evans , a singer who gives away her career for marriage and motherhood . But when her husband Ken 's -LRB- Lee Bowman -RRB- radio career suddenly shifts into high-gear , Angie -- unable to cope in the harsh world spotlight -- begins taking comfort in the bottom of champagne bottles.Co-starring Marsha Hunt and Eddie Albert , SMASH-UP does offer a blueprint for the eventual performance which Hayward gave in `` I 'll Cry Tomorrow '' ; indeed the fictional Angie shares many similaries with real-life Lillian Roth . If there is a weak link in the cast it 's Lee Bowman ; he simply ca n't match the energy that Hayward generates in their scenes . Sometimes it 's like Hayward is trying to revive a cold , dead fish.Recommended for Hayward fans .
 Susan Hayward , in the first of her five Oscar nominated performances -LRB- she should have won for this one , in my opinion !! -RRB- , gives a riveting portrayal of a woman with a low self-esteem in which alcoholism nearly destroys her and all that is precious to her . Her performance is right on target with many facets and dimensions that allow us to really feel right along with her , what she is going through . In 1947 she was up against Rosalind Russell -LRB- Mourning Becomes Electra -RRB- , Dorothy McGuire -LRB- Gentleman 's Agreement -RRB- , Joan Crawford -LRB- Possessed -RRB- and Loretta Young -LRB- The Farmer 's Daughter -RRB- . Having seen all of the performances of the above and being a fan of all the actresses above , not favoring one over the other , I would have given my vote to Hayward ! In my opinion , she is better in this film than her other two alcoholic portrayals that earned her Oscar Nominations as well . . namely , `` My Foolish Heart '' and `` I 'll Cry Tomorrow '' . The rest of the film is ably abetted by a strong supporting cast with the possible exception of Lee Bowman who plays her ambivalent , non-empathetic husband . He is wooden and unlikeable throughout . Eddie Albert and Marsha Hunt turn in wonderful performance , the latter exceptional in two scenes ... one in where she and Hayward have a catfight , the other in which she sacrifices her love for Bowman to do the honorable thing because she knows Bowman will never leave Hayward for her.Soapy , yes , but good soap.The DVD transfer is fine , but Alpha Video which produced this DVD cuts off the beginning UNIVERSAL/INTERNATIONAL logo which I feel is important to every picture that I watch . This may be a minor thing but it irks me . The rest of the DVD is just fine , the audio and picture great !! I would give the movie five stars total were it not for Alpha 's cheap video and the mediocre performance of Bowman .
 Susan Hayward gives a bravura performance in her first starring role . It was clear from this film that she would someday be an Academy Award-winning best actress .
 This old great was a favorite mothers . Was so great to find it on Amazon and surprise her with old memories . Susan Hayworth ... they do n't make many like her anymore !
 THIS FILM IS THE SECOND BEST WORK THAT I 'VE EVER HAD THE PLEASURE OF SEEING MISS HAYWARD IN ... SECOND ONLY TO '' I WANT TO LIVE '' . THE FILM STARTS OFF SIMPLE ENOUGH WITH MISS HAYWARD IN RAREST OF FORM , BEAUTY AND CHARM ... THE MUSIC SCORE IS A KNOCKOUT ... AFTER THE RETURN OF A LONG GONE BEAU SHE DECIDES TO TURN HER BACK ON A RISING CAREER TO HELP NURTURE HER ` MAN 'S '' DREAMS ... AFTER MUCH DRINK AND DRAMA THE STORY TAKES A TURN FOR THE BEST IN WHAT CAN ONLY BE DESCRIBED AS INSPIRED WRITING AND ACTING ... THE CATTINESS BETWEEN HER AND HER NOW HUSBAND 'S ASSISTANT IS PHENOMENAL ... THERE IS ALSO A FIGHT SCENE THAT RIVALS THOSE OF ALEXIS AND KRYSTAL OF DYNASTY FAME ... THE STORY IS TRUE TO OLD HOLLYWOOD FORM IN THAT IT ENDS BITTER SWEETLY ... KUDOS FOR '' SMASH UP ''
 Great Susan Hayward . Not quite as believable as an alcoholic , but still the story is over the top , good melodrama ! Supposedly this the story of Bing Crosby 's wife , Dixie Lee .
 A good movie , Susan Hayward is always good in all she has done , but this film is medium and fairly predictable .
 Susan Hayward rules in her portrayal of an alcoholic.It 's a great movie !!
 SMASH-UP
 Love it or hate it ` Maniac Cop 3
 If youve seen the first movie then you know what to expect.i havent seen the second but after seeing the first and third i really want to.the maniac cop is way more ruthless in this one and some of the kills are acually funny -LRB- spoiler -RRB- ... like the one where he picked up a guy , threw him in the air and shot him six times before his body hit the floor ... thats just pure fun to watch.considering how cheap you can get this one i dont see how people shouldnt get this one and the first.willian lustig deliverd another wonderful horror movie with a script by larry cohen.give this movie a chance and i know youll like it alot just like i did.the end leaves room for a forth maniac cop and i hope one day theyll do one .
 I thought Maniac Cop was an excellent film . It was well paced and didnt leave much fat to pad the movie down . I recently bought part third because the second one has yet to see the light of day . Why is that anyways ? Well this movie is still good . It reminds me of Halloween 2 in a way . It contained a little more creative kills but nothing speical . Highly recommend this movie to horror fans . This has to be one of the most underrated horror movie franchises around . You can pick up 1 and 3 for less then ten bucks , do it !
 Matt Cordell , once a respected officer of the law , but now a rage-driven zombie , forced to live an excistence as neither living or dead.This time he 's out to get the persons responsible for a accident that put a female cop in coma.The movie is very entertaining , perhaps even better than part 2 -LRB- wich I also liked very mutch -RRB- It has good and talented actors , not teenage amateurs like in most other slasher films . The effects are also great , especially a burning car chase that must 've been very complicated and unpleasant for the stuntman.So if you liked part 2 -LRB- Like I did -RRB- then go and get this one as well .
 I like to collect those classic horror moviesthat was popular when i was young.And thisis one of them .
 At the gravesite , I loved how they asked for forgiveness for Maniac Cop Cordell , `` we 'll not sit in judgment . '' Why not ? The guy killed a b-zillion people in 3 films . I 'm certain all those characters would disagree , but there you have it , he 's back and he 's still miffed.I love how they keep avoiding his face in all three films , as though we have n't already seen him , as though we do n't know who he is , as though that could ratchet up the suspense or fright ... or maybe the camera man was n't tall enough to keep it in the shot?For me , the most shocking scene was Robert Davi 's character smoking in a hospital.This entry in the series is very bizarre . I still do n't understand the whole ritualistic head stabbing thing to bring Maniac Cop back to life . It 's not as if he was n't already an expert in that regard . I also saw more similarities to Phantom of the Opera than anything else as poor misunderstood Maniac tried to get himself a brain dead wife -LRB- all that lurking about in the steam piped walkways beneath the hospital -RRB- . He might be decomposing but he still needs love.I rate this as being on par with the other two . I 'm glad I have the whole collection now .
 As some others have rightly pointed out , this film is n't quite as good as either of its predecessors . That having been said , it 's still a fairly good horror flick and does a decent job following up on the previous two films.As with part two , this ones takes off directly after its predecessor and continues the story with , again , a couple of surviving cast members from part two . The plot is somewhat lacking compared to the previous offerings , but the musical score is , in my opinion , probably the best out of the entire trilogy.Yes , there is about 30 seconds in total of re-used footage from part two here -LRB- as in non-flashback , re-used to save money and not to provide back story -RRB- . I wo n't begrudge them that since lots of lower budgets films do it , but it was kind of funny . At least it was tastefully done and could probably be missed by someone that had n't just watched part two the day before -LRB- like me ! -RRB- . As far as the action scenes , this movie is probably somewhere between the first and second films , up until the end . The car chase is pretty good , longer than expected but good throughout . The stunts in this part of the trilogy are fairly well done , especially the scenes with Maniac Cop being on fire . In fact , this has some of the best ` fire suite ' stunt work I 've seen in a long time , horror movies or otherwise . Really top notch stuff.Bottom line though , if you liked the first and second films , you need to add this to your collection and finish off the trilogy . At the price , you ca n't go wrong and despite its flaws , it 's still a great horror flick.Get it while you can , since it was hard to obtain for a many years and may not be available in the future . This is a real classic and should be in every horror buff 's DVD collection .
 Considering the fact that William Lustig -LRB- director -RRB- and Larry Cohen -LRB- writer/producer -RRB- , creators of the two predecessors , were also responsible for this follow-up , it 's not surprising that also Maniac Cop 3 turns out to be pretty good - even though Lustig stopped filming after 24 days and was replaced by another director . The cast , including Robert Davi -LRB- No Contest -RRB- and Robert Forster -LRB- Scanner Cop 2 -RRB- , is decent , and you can spot Ted Raimi -LRB- Skinner -RRB- in a cameo . There are quite some new and interesting ideas , and the whole movie 's pace should satisfy any undemanding horror buff , although the end is closer to an action than to a genre flick . Lustig is currently trying to raise money for another sequel - and if it is as good as this one , why not ? If you look at Lustig 's -LRB- in -RRB- famous Maniac , it is obvious his style is getting better and better . If directed by some other b-movie filmmaker , this might have turned out to be just another cheap trash movie . Of course , MC3 is not a masterpiece , it 's just good thrills for horror fans . And if that 's what you looking for , check it out . There is also an Unrated Version available on VHS , try to get that one !
 I bought Maniac Cop and part two and i had to make my collection complete with this one . The story is not that great but what do you expect out of a movie that should hav stopped with part two . I like it because it completes my collection and is always great to watch on a rainy day .
 Well , starting from the end of Part 2 . Cordell is finally at rest , although flashbacks from Part 2 become to apparent in the opening credits . A voodoo master of the occult is resureccting Cordell . Basically this has nothing to do with revenge its good if you like Cordell . He actually speaks in this one compared to being Silent in Pt . 1 . Part 2 . He gasped his name although he was still human kind of . Now he is more burnt . I like Robert Z'Dar but I wish they would have kept his original make up and uniform . I didnt like the leather because it didnt give him to much arm movement .
 This British film version of the Lewis Carroll classic `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' is without a doubt the most faithful adaption to date ! -LRB- except for the addition of the Looking-Glass twins , Tweedle Dee and Dum . -RRB- . A surperb cast , lead by the talented Fiona Fullerton , who makes a splendid Alice , is supported by some of Britain 's finest actors as the inhabitants of Wonderland ; Sir Ralph Richardson as the hookah-smoking Caterpillar , Michael Crawford as the ever-tardy White Rabbit , Dame Flora Robson as the head-hunting Queen of Hearts and Peter Sellers and Dudley Moore as the mad March Hare and his sleepy sidekick , the Doormouse . The American popularity of he last two mentioned actors is why the film was shown overseas here in the United States . Miss Fullerton may seem a bit too old for the title role , but I do n't think a child actress would had enough scope to play Alice so well . -LRB- If you do n't think so , imaging if Sherley Temple won the role of Dorothy in `` The Wizard of Oz '' . YIKES ! -RRB- , but I digress . The musical score is beautifully haunting and so is the final song `` The Me I Never Knew '' . This song and `` Curiouser And Curiouser '' are the only two songs that really stand out . Most of the other songs are corny little ditties with no sense of what the characters are thinking or feeling . The sets look like cardboard cut outs at times and the fast speed photography during the Lobster Quadrille and quick cut shots at the mad tea-party look campy and thus the overall British feel of the movie is lost . Despite all my negative insights , I found this film version of `` Alice '' filled with the wonderful , whimsical flavor that only Lewis Carroll himself could have provided . A must see for all fans of the famous book .
 When I first saw this film as a child , I was captivated . Even as an adult I 'm still enchanted by the whimsy of Wonderland . This film is n't like the more commercially successful versions , but it 's worth adding to your personal library!Fiona Fullerton is a charming Alice . Most other versions of the film shows us a very young Alice . I do n't think any other Alice could have portrayed the character quite like Fiona . She 's a bit older , but possesses the ability to act the part very well , something I do n't think many younger actors could do.The musical sequences are at times breif and essential to the story . The film is rather old , and transfer to video was rather poor . There 's some very conspicuous flaws in the video , but despite this , the story is just as wonderful and magical as ever . For a low budget and a superb cast -LRB- Dudley Moore , Ralph Richardson , et al -RRB- `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' is a delight.The sets were not extravagant , but very well done . Some of the backgrounds reminded me very much of `` The Wizard of Oz '' . I 'm glad to have found this version of `` Alice in Wonderland '' since it was the first I 'd ever seen . It will always be the version I compare others to , and despite the fact that this is n't a more commercially successful film , it won me over heart and soul .
 The wonderful Victorian classic , Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland was very first published in 1865 . Written by acclaimed author , Lewis Carroll -LRB- real name - Charles Dodgson -RRB- , this fantasy-adventure story has been adapted to the stage and screen countless times.There 's the familiar , misreably underated Walt Disney animated classic of Alice In Wonderland whilst there are a listless number of live-action adaptations that have largely failed to truly capture the spirit and flavour of Lewis Carrolls vivid vision of Wonderland.This 1972 adptation is something of an exception and stands out as the best live-action version of the book . Director William Sterling , shrewdly manages to encapsulate the dark , frightening vision of Wonderland as dreamed up by Lewis Carroll.Fiona Fullerton heads the cast making a pleasantly bland Alice . What Fullerton succeeds in doing is taking with you with her on a magical journey , allowing you to view the strange adventures through her eyes , evoking a feeling ofbeing drawn into a childs dream that escalates into a nightmare.Fiona Fullerton is not least given noble support from a stellar cast that were some of the best of that era . The multi-talented Michael Crawford assumes the role of the jittering White Rabbit . Crawford playes the White Rabbit with a certain flair , relying mostly -LRB- and appropriately -RRB- on his inimitable comic skills.Sir Robert Helpmann -LRB- who is more well known for his famous role as the child catcher in another excellent classic childrens movie , Chitty , Chitty , Bang , Bang -RRB- shines as the notorious Mad Hatter during the manic Mad Hatter 's tea party sequence . Helpmann 's comic facial expressions andspirited playing makes the sequence work extremely well . Helpmann shares the spotlight in this madcap scene with Peter Sellers who gives a fine supporting turn as the March Hare whilst Dudley Moore causes some amusement as the poor , put-upon Dormouse.Sir Ralph Richardson delivers a fairly adequate performance as the Catepillar in a very vivid scene whilst Davy Kaye as the Mouse during the dreamy Caucus Race Sequence , playes the role with a degree of subtelty . Much more effective though is Dame Flora Robson , putting in a fantastic intepretation of the ferocious Queen Of Heartswho is both comical and scary in the role.Michael Jayston appears in the opening scene as Dodgson -LRB- Jayston -RRB- and Duckworth -LRB- Hywel Bennett -RRB- sit on a river bank one hot summers afternoon . It is here where Dodgson begins telling Alice the story of Alice 's adventures underground.The nightmarish Duchess and Cook sequence is ignited by a fittingly off-beat performance from Peter Bull as the Duchess . Patsy Rolands as the demented , pepper-loving , plate-throwing Cook takes this role to fabulous new heights!The sullen , ever-crying Gryphon is played marvelously by Spike Milligan whilst Michael Hordern is equally excellent as the Mock Turtle . This fun sequence where Alice , the Gryphon and the Mock Turtle are seen running and dancingtheir way round a deserted beach , is speeded up at points to add to its comical and magical effect . This scene is also accompanied by one of the very few effective songs of the saccharine soundtrack , Will You , Wo n't You Join The Dance?Roy Kinnear is fabulous as the permanently grinning Cheshire Cat whilst other notable players in the more than capable cast include Dennis Price in a small but efficent role as the King Of Hearts , Rodney Bewes as the bumblingKnave Of Hearts , Julian Chagrin as Bill The Lizard -LRB- seen during the scene where Alice has grown large and is stuck in the White Rabbit 's house - Bill the Lizard attempts to slide down the chimney into the house but Alice then swiftly kicks him back up again -RRB- , Freddie Earlle as Guinea Pig Pat -LRB- also seen during the White Rabbit 's house scene -RRB- , Ray Brooks as 1 of Spades , Dennis Waterman as 2 of spades and of course not forgetting twin brothers Frank and Freddie Cox who make the definitive Tweedledee and Tweedledum -LRB- characters that were taken from a segment inLewis Carroll 's sequel , Through The Looking Glass And What Alice Found There - most stage and screen versions often tend to draw large segments from both Alice books -RRB- . Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland -LRB- 1972 -RRB- draws on a somewhat dreamy , hazy-like effect that largely gives the film an intentionally dark , scary edge . It strikes an even balance between moments of fun , magical comedy to more frightening settings.Most of the film is engaging and totally enchanting . the surreal sequence at the beginning of the adventure is one of the scenes that really stands out in my mind as it is doen so effectively . Alice wakes up in a giant story bookgarden and spots the White Rabbit gazing at his waist watch . Alice proceeds to follow the White Rabbit into a long , dark tunnell . Keeping up with the whole familiar ethos of Alices In Wonderland 's famous catchphrase , `` curiouser andcuriouser '' , Alice continues following the White Rabbit unaware of the danger lying in front of her and then finds herself tumbling down a large rabbit hole which leads to the whimsical , topsy-turvy world of Wonderland . The score during this sequence is masterful and hauntinglyatmospheric.The Pool Of Tears sequence also works incredibly well where Alice finds herself in a large hall full of doors . A small door , to her delight , leads into a beautiful garden . It is here where she discovers potions and cakes that alternately make her shrink or grow large . At one point , Alice grows large and begins crying which subsequently leads to her shrinking and swimming in her own pool of tears.Alice is washed ashore from the pool of tears and finds herself indulging in the Caucus Race with a mouse , dodo , owl , magpie , frog , duck and an eagle in a vastly trippy sequence ! I 've heard -LRB- as i 'm sure you all have -RRB- various myths that Lewis Carroll was high on LSD at the time of writing the book . I have no idea whether this is true or not but you certianly can see peoples notions on this when you watch all the bizarre goings on in Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland . I put it all down to a bizarre but great imagination on Lewis Carroll 's part and this film merely reflects that . Even so theres something that distinctley gives me the creeps when watching scenes such as The Pool Of Tears and the Caucus Race.Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland -LRB- 1972 -RRB- is even more disturbingly surreal later on in the film such as the scene in the forest where a torrential storm occurs and a a giant black crow emerges from the gloomy sky ready to attack Alice.The Duchess and Cook sequence also used to really give me the creeps when I first watched this at 4 years old back in 1983 . There was just something eerie and nightmarish about the whole scene but again this ties in closley with the book . The Trial of the Knave Of Hearts is where it gets most off the wall and at the close of this scenes there are lots of swirling , hallucegenic close-ups of the characters . Alice , of course , then wakes up on the riverbank to discover it was all just a dream.What compliments the mesmerising , hypnotic vibe of Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland is a bewitching , hauntingly atmospheric score by BAFTA-winning , John Barry . The film also boasts maginificent cinematography from Geoffrey Unsworth which sticks closely to the original illustrations of the book . Some of the cardboard-like sets look far more suited for a stage production but many are eye catchingly beautiful.Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland -LRB- 1972 -RRB- is an extremely faithful adaptation that 's most noble in its loyalty to the book . In that fact it deserved far greater recognition than it has , perharps , received . Widely regarded as the best live-action screen version by lovers of the book , it was still unfairly slated by critics of the day where some claimed it was too long , tedious and boring . To a point I can see where they 're coming from so you really have to be in the right mood to take this film on . On the right day it proves a thrilling , almost hypnotic viewing experience -LRB- even though i 'm 26 years old ! -RRB- . In an attempt to ignite the films fortunes , Fiona Fullerton was being promoted as the new Julie Andrews -LRB- though Fullerton is a remarkable actress in her own right , this was something of an overstatement -RRB- but this did little to help the films fate . Making matters worse was Peter Sellers who blatantly criticised the film to the media before it had even opened at cinemas ! Sadly Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland did not endure the high Box Office turn over as anticipated.It 's true that Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland -LRB- 1972 -RRB- is too slow and bland at points but on casting its shortcomings -LRB- which you can over-look -RRB- aside , it 's most definitely worth a look . Fans of Alice In Wonderland that have not yet had the delight of watching this charming , atmospheric version , will be thoroughly enthralled.Ian PhillipsJuly 2006
 ALICE 'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND is a lush and lavish musical version of Lewis Carroll 's book , with a haunting score by John Barry . The cast reads like a Who 's Who of British acting talent.Alice herself is played by a teenage Fiona Fullerton , a charming musical theatre performer , who gives the role a spirit and wonderment which is perfect for the character . Michael Crawford plays the White Rabbit , with other key roles filled by Sir Robert Helpmann as the Mad Hatter , Peter Sellers as the March Hare , Dudley Moore as the Dormouse and Dame Flora Robson as the Queen of Hearts.The score is quite haunting , in particular Alice 's `` Curioser and Curioser '' and the final number `` The Me I Never Knew '' . John Barry 's score has become quite admired over the years , and copies of the original soundtrack LP have been known to fetch large sums of money.If you can , try to see the film in it 's original Todd-AO/Super Panavision 70 proportions . My DVD is presented in the original aspect ratio -LRB- though lacks 16:9 enhancement -RRB- . Highly-recommended .
 Fiona Fullerton is surrounded by a gallery of British character actors in this 1972 musical film adaptation of `` Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland . '' Yes , I will add my voice to the chorus of Amazon customers who rightfully say that the quality of the picture and sound on the DVD release leave much to be desired . The picture on this Screen Media release is clearer than my old VHS copy . Still , this version deserves a quality restoration . Having said that , having this `` Alice '' on DVD is better than not having it at all ; and my review will now focus on the film itself : This version begins on that famous Summer 's day in the 1860 's when Charles Dodgson/Lewis Carroll -LRB- Michael Jayston -RRB- took Alice , Lorina , and Edith Liddell on a boat ride on the river . As he begins to tell the story we now know as `` Alice In Wonderland '' , Alice falls asleep . Suddenly , the very real river-bank she was resting on is replaced by an environment of over-sized flowers . Thus , the fantasy begins shortly before Alice falls down the large rabbit-hole . By including this perfect preface scene with Charles Dodgson , director/screenwriter William Sterling clearly shows that his intention is to be faithful to the original book . For the most part , he is successful . Other film-makers have failed to recognize that , while Alice 's adventures are a pointed satire on Victorian society , the point of the book is really to have no point at all . Therefore , they force Alice must learn a lesson or , as in the case of Tim Burton 's disappointing 2010 film -LRB- which disregards Lewis Carroll almost completely -RRB- she must go on a life-saving mission . Sterling , on the other hand , is smartly content to let Alice 's adventures be whatever they are ; or whatever the viewer wants them to be . The film features appropriately surreal/theatrical sets . The tone of the film , like the book , alternates between being whimsical and weird , and murky and nightmarish . Nearly every chapter from the book is included ; with the addition of the popular characters Tweedledee and Tweedledum -LRB- Frank and Freddie Cox -RRB- from the 1872 sequel `` Through The Looking-Glass '' . The film runs 95 minutes , but still drags in spots . The scenes involving the Duchess -LRB- Peter Bull -RRB- and the Gryphon and The Mock Turtle -LRB- Spike Mulligan and Michael Horden -RRB- could , and should , have easily been omitted.Fifteen year old Fiona Fullerton makes Alice genuinely curious , and she more than holds her own on screen in a large cast that includes Michael Crawford -LRB- `` Hello ! , Dolly ! '' , `` Barnum , '' `` The Phantom Of The Opera '' -RRB- , Ralph Richardson -LRB- `` Long Day 's Journey Into Night '' -RRB- , Robert Helpmann -LRB- `` The Red Shoes , '' `` Chitty-Chitty Bang Bang '' -RRB- , Peter Sellers -LRB- `` Lolita , '' `` The Pink Panther '' -RRB- , Dudley Moore -LRB- `` 10 '' , `` Arthur '' , `` Santa Claus
 This is the best version of Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland , starring Fiona Fullerton as Alice , on DVD . The previous editions were VERY shoddy - yet the film is so great that even those were watchable despite the fading colors and graininess . This new -LRB- 2005 -RRB- edition has had the colors brought back which really is nice . The graininess could still use some work though and it would be REALLY WONDERFUL if a major studio would buy the rights to this film and do a proper restoration . There is also music and an important scene that were cut from this film - two songs never made it to the theatrical release and one scene where Alice meets the Cheshire cat in the tree was cut before the original release - a very curious thing to do as that was a very popular scene in the book ! It would be great if the next DVD release of this film could have a proper restoration AND ALSO include some special features . Many of the actors in this film went on to become major stars -LRB- ex - Michael Crawford of Phantom fame -RRB- Special features could include the deleted scene if it still exists and the original soundtrack recording as well as some interviews with the stars - like what has been done for Chitty Chitty Bang Bang and Willy Wonka . Do n't expect any special features on this edition - there are n't any -- more surprisingly there is NO MENU at all - Bare bones , but still a classic and important film for Alice lovers - much more reminiscent of Lewis Carrols books and characters than the Disney film !
 I first saw this production on network TV back in the mid 70 's when I was 7 or 8 and the my clearest memory of it was how much of a babe Fiona Fullerton was . Seeing it again at the age of 33 , the quality of the film betrays its age , yet still maintains a timeless aura.The film starts off well , with a feel and look that stays true to my visions of the Lewis Carrol tale . I thought Alice 's drop down the rabbit hole , the great hall of doors , and the pool of tears were all very well done . Though the sets are obviously play-prodution quality , they still work for me . John Barry 's score is excellent and adds a hauntingly beautiful touch that , I 'm sure , Carrol would approve of.As far as performances go , the film does seem a bit top-heavy with talent . Indeed , this production has more `` Sir 's '' than King Arthur 's round table , and unfortunately , as with some other `` all-star '' films , the overall product does not necessarily equal the sum of the parts . Though some actors do live up to their reputations -LRB- Peter Bull and Peter Sellers are delightfully mad . -RRB- , several notables seem as lost as Alice . I was rather disappointed in particular with Sir Ralph Richardson as the caterpillar and Dudley Moore 's doormouse is extremely forgetable . I am at a loss to explain why his face adorns the VHS cover . All babeness aside , Fiona Fullerton does a solid job , especially considering much of her dialogue is spoken to herself . My only complaint is she seems to be having a little too much fun in some of the scenes , which detracts from the surreal undercurrents of the tale and negates any conflict which might arise.As with other productions of the Alice stories , I found this one contained certain incongruencies from scene to scene . The film ca n't seem to decide whether it 's merely a children 's tale or a darker venture into something else . The mad hatter 's tea party , for instance , is completely brainless , with only Peter Seller 's march hare bringing any insanity or intrigue to the scene . On the other hand , the chaotic mayhem in the Dutchess ' house might very well give children nightmares . The quantity and mood of the musical numbers , however , does suggest that this film was targeted at younger audiences.I suppose an eternal debate will continue over whether Carrol 's stories purposefully contained deeper themes or were simply meant to be innoccuous fairly tales . As for this production , it succeeds in capturing a part , if not all , of the strange world of wonderland .
 Of all the version 's of Lewis Carroll 's classic , this is the most faithful , with the glarring exception of editing out the meeting between Alice and Cheshire Puss , and adding the Tweedle brothers from Through the Looking Glass . Fiona Fullerton is a beautiful Alice , and has the voice to bring Don Black 's exceptional song 's to life . Well worth the viewing , and owning .
 You can tell from the scene of a beautiful rowboat , on an english country stream , with Micheal Jayston -LRB- of Casino Royale , and Tinker , Tailor , Solder Spy fame -RRB- and Hywel Bennett -LRB- also of Tinker , Tailor -RRB- commandeared by 3 beautiful young ladies on a beautiful summer day . It becomes dreamlike . John Barry 's score is enchanting and strange and dreamlike as well . The songs are short and never drag , but add to the mood , like something you might humm for a minute from a musical as you remember some scene or somebody you love . The sets are JUST RIGHT for the book and very much faithfull to the books original . Enchanting . And with greats of english cinema like Flora Robson , Roy Kinnear -LRB- remember `` Help '' and `` I should have been in Vivisection '' -RRB- , Dudley Moore -LRB- 10 , Cook and Moore -RRB- , Peter Sellers -LRB- pink panther , The goons show , Henry Orient -RRB- , Micheal Hordern , Spike Milligan -LRB- The Goons Show , The Three musketeers -RRB- , Peter Bull -LRB- captain of the Louisa in African Queen -RRB- on and on.Fiona Fullerton is very beautiful and sings very well and feelingly . But I would say that what dominates is an english sense of the absurd and love of puzzles and John Barry 's score.I bought 3 versions -LRB- sad I know -RRB- of USA released DVD 's and they were are garbage . I liked them in a way because the 4x3 blurry representation kind of felt dreamlike in a way . But when I bought the UK released widescreen version which is fairly clean and does show the very widescreen film version I was quit happy . Well the $ 100 USD DVD player I just bought at Walmart if very basic -LRB- can not remember where it was on two DVD 's and fails to talk to the TV without prodding -RRB- it does play all regions and so plays this -LRB- I thought I would only play on my laptop -RRB- at 720p -LRB- upscaled -RRB- . This version will fade before the 2010 release , but will come back in 3 years to crush it into non-existance . Why is a story book still so good for children and adults ? Because it has been perfected over 6000 years . Do you know what a doormouse is ? It is large like a small squirrel . It has a long bushy tail . It has large eyes for night and you see it sleeping in the eves in Europe . But you can not know . Why is CGI awful , because it is perfect for 13 year old boys and men who have minds that can not grow further . I work with computers but I do not want them telling me stories.Great sense of the material , great actors , enchanting music , intelligence will win over cartoons every time .
 Fiona Fullerton is charming as Alice , her wonder andbefuddlement appropriate to the character . Her charm and wit arethoroughly in the nature of Lewis Carroll 's delicious use of the English . Though perhaps too often one feels the sense of `` Uh-oh , another song ... , '' most of the songs are charming and Fiona , the sets , and costuming make up for much . Loved this version ... have yet to see one that surpasses in overall feel ... END
 I searched for this movie high and low at the video stores but to no avail , I was greatly disappointed . And one day on amazon.com voila !!! my dreams came true !! This movie always hypnotized me as a child , and still cherish it today !!! great movie !!
 I loved this movie as a child . My Father had a movie theatre and I watched it over and over . I did n't see it again until I was about 20 . I have looked for it everywhere . It is one of my favorites . Now my children can see it thanks to Amazon . I 'll enjoy it all over again !
 I admit this review is only what I remember of this film , since I have n't seen it in YEEAARRS ! But anyway including all the recent versions I have seen of this film this still stands out in my memory as the best version made of Alice . Not entirely accurate but still very good from what I recall . I ca n't stand the Disney version and not one of the ones done from the 1980 's to now were any good either . The only other good Alice film IMHO is Dreamchild about the original Alice -LRB- Hargreaves -RRB- coming to America to accept an honoray degree for Dodgson on the centeniary of his birth . A wonderful film that dealt with her 60 year or so memories of Dodgeson.Anyway I think I also recall they did a version of Looking Glass as well but I ca n't find anything about it . I would love to see a re-release of a GOOD copy of this film and if they did make Looking Glass , that one too !
 This is one in a series of reviews that will eventually be posted for every Alice in Wonderland title available on Amazon . When the Tim Burton rendition of AIW with Johnny Depp was due out in 2010 I thought it might be a good time to go back and watch the benchmark Walt Disney production from 1951 , which I saw - or assumed I saw - as a child . It was a chance to get reacquainted with the many varied characters from the story as sort of a warm up for the Burton film . Upon viewing the Disney classic I was astonished to realize that I had likely never seen more than a few clips -LRB- at most -RRB- of that beautifully rendered Alice in Wonderland . So much seemed brand new . Nor did I have a memory of ever seeing any other `` Alice '' production . Then I realized that I had never read the book ! Wait a minute . Where then did my memory of the Alice story come from ? The curiosity sparked by that question ultimately led me over the next two years to accumulate every version of Alice in Wonderland still in existence . Well over 40 by the way!This general commentary continues over in the review sections for both the 1951 AIW production from Walt Disney -LRB- Alice in Wonderland -LRB- Masterpiece Edition -RRB- -RRB- and the 2010 production starring Johnny Depp -LRB- Alice in Wonderland -RRB- . As these are the two most well known Alice 's , rather then attempt to add yet-another-review for those two films , it seemed like it might be a more fun use of the provided space to muse a bit on the popularity and remarkable longevity of the story spawned by Lewis Carroll in 1865 , as well as to share with you a bit of what I picked up while watching these 40 or so renderings of Alice in Wonderland . All other Alice productions listed by Amazon have a specific review for that title.Review of this 1972 version ... This is flat out one of the best `` straight-forward '' tellings of the Alice in Wonderland story . I 've been viewing the Alice movies available on Amazon in chronological order , and the entry viewed before this one was a TV production of `` Through the Looking Glass ... '' showcased as a musical -LRB- Alice Through the Looking Glass -RRB- . Yecch . What a relief it was to replace the memories of that eyesore with this quality production.This is one of the few `` Alice '' movies named after the actual title of the book , `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' . The accurate titling is a harbinger of what 's to come , as this production is steadfast in sticking to the actual dialog of the book . I kept pausing the movie and looking up the matching passage in the book , finding it quite accurate , the dialog often corresponding to the text of the book word-for-word . Having said that , even this film does not include every one of Alice 's encounters . So far I 've yet to see a production with the pigeon and the egg segment , and this film is no exception . Also , the writers could n't help but to throw in the Tweedledee / Tweedledum passage from Carroll 's sequel.But this movie works . Sixteen year old Fiona Fullerton steps up to play a great Alice . She can sing , she can dance , and she may well be the prettiest Alice to date . She can also act , emoting genuine reactions to her fantastical environment . The best part ; she looked like she was actually having fun interacting with the creatures of Wonderland.The film has one of those rare openings that portrays `` our '' Alice as the actual Alice Liddell that inspired Lewis Carroll to write down the story he made up for the Liddell girls on a boat ride down the River Thames . The movie opens on that fateful boat ride.The special effects are also worth noting . They are not at all `` in your face '' like so many digital effects of today . When Alice grows and shrinks it simply looks like she is REALLY growing and shrinking . They also did a nice effect on the hall of doors that gives the impression the hallway stretches to infinitely.The movie is filled with famous actors . Unlike some films where the `` famous actors '' sort of showboat their way around the set , these fine artisans disappeared so far into their respective characters as to be mostly unrecognizable . Worth noting is Peter Sellers making a return visit after playing the King of Hearts in the B&W ; 1966 British version with Anne-Marie Mallik . This time Sellers is deep undercover of makeup as the March Hare . Next to him most of the time is Dudley Moore playing the Dormouse . They play off each other very nicely . Then there is Ralph Richardson playing the caterpillar . This is a part that requires just the right actor and Richardson does n't disappoint -LRB- he would go on to play God in ` The Time Bandits ' a few years later and nail that role too -RRB- . Perhaps a lesser known actor to some , Michael Hordern , plays the Mock Turtle . This particular sequence is a must view , as the Turtle , the Gryphon and Alice dance it up in an unforgettable way.The croquet sequence is good too . It 's always interesting to see what kind of job they do dressing the King and Queen of Hearts . Here too a great job was done costuming all the players.So , at this point in history , 1972 , I think we have one of the best contemporary , live action , straight tellings of the Alice in Wonderland book , which is highly viewable for adults and kids . This is one for the collection . -LRB- and yes , the movie is not in good shape . This is one Alice movie really worth restoring ! -RRB- --------------- All the Alice reviews in this series are on Listmania :1 -RRB- Click on my user name -LRB- Coastalcruiser -RRB- 2 -RRB- Click on ` Listmania ! ' 3 -RRB- The click on See ` Entire List ' .
 I saw this when I was a kid on the Family Film Festival hosted by Tom Hattan with that song by the little river band for the theme . I read all these reviews and I 'm so happy to know there are other people who liked this movie as much as I did . The fact that it was done in England only made it better becuase it brought the story closer to where the story took place and it also gave the movie a weird foriegn feel that I loved .
 This movie creeped the hell out of me as a child . When I came across it here , I just had to have it . It stills creeps me out . The overall feeling of the film is what Wonderland is suppose be like , dark , dreamy , at times brooding , and altogether strange . The fx make-up is greatly done . It does move a little slowly at some points , but is well worth the watch for any Alice in Wonderland fan .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- February 2005 : Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland -LRB- Released 25.04.05 -RRB- , DVD , released in UK.Widescreen 2.35:1 Anamorphic , English.As advertised : A fifiteen year old Fiona Fullerton heads an all star British cast in this double BAFTA winning musical comedy-widely regarded as the most lavish and most faithful adaptation of Lewis Carroll 's classic Fantasy Novel.One of the most enduring classic stories of all time ! Fully restored , digitally remastered in correct ` Scope Aspect Ratio ! Gorgeous Limited Edition DVD boxset with Book ! Grade ` A ' all star British cast!Filmed to mark the centenary of the completion of the Alice novels , this extravagantly lush British spectacle , which brings Sir John Tenniel 's famous illustrations enchantingly to life with a bewitching score by James Bond composer John Barry and BAFTA winning cinematography by Geoffrey Unsworth -LRB- 2001
 A lovely , teenaged Fiona Fullerton , of wistful countenance , but with expressive eyes that light up beautifully at mirthful moments , has the title role in this 1972 retelling of Lewis Carroll 's classic tale.Directed by William Sterling , and scored by John Barry , the latter of whom was at the height of his popularity at the time , it 's soft cinematography style is typical of movies of that era.It begins on a serene day as Alice and her sisters , Edith -LRB- Pippa Vickers -RRB- and Lorina -LRB- Victoria Shallard -RRB- are being rowed on an English lake by Lewis Carroll -LRB- Michael Jayston , who had co-starred with Fullerton in `` Nicholas and Alexandra '' a year earlier -RRB- and his friend , Duckworth -LRB- Hywel Bennett -RRB- . In his sharp , precise , and very distinct diction , Carroll begins to narrate the tale of Alice , and draws their attention to a White Rabbit -LRB- played with diffidance , distraction , and excellent comic timing by Michael Crawford , who would later don another white half-mask as `` The Phantom of the Opera '' -RRB- scurrying down a hole.Soon the adventure begins as a curious -LRB- and curiouser -RRB- Alice finds herself falling down the hole , chasing after the White Rabbit , and encountering a bevy of strange characters along the way , including a Mouse -LRB- Davy Kaye -RRB- a Dodo -LRB- William Ellis -RRB- , Guinea Pig Pat -LRB- Freddie Earlle -RRB- , Bill the Lizard -LRB- Julian Chagrin -RRB- , a second Guinea Pig -LRB- Mike Elles -RRB- , a Caterpillar -LRB- Ralph Richardson -RRB- who invites her to eat a growth - altering mushroom , Tweedledum and Tweedledee -LRB- Freddie and Frank Cox -RRB- , Fish and Frog Footmen -LRB- Peter O'Farrell , Peter Trigger -RRB- , a Duchess -LRB- Peter Bull -RRB- with a baby that will turn into a pig , an irate cook who makes a mess and uses too much pepper -LRB- Patsy Rowlands -RRB- , and a grinning Cheshire Cat -LRB- Roy Kinnear -RRB- . Stumbling upon a mad tea party , she encounters a Mad Hatter -LRB- Robert Helpmann , in a role that is a far cry from that of the intimidating child catcher in `` Chitty Chitty Bang Bang '' -RRB- , who gets some of the most outrageously funny lines in the film , Peter Sellers ' March Hare -LRB- a role which really put him in his element -RRB- , and Dudley Moore 's Doormouse.Disenchanted after that encounter Alice travels on to meet the 2,5 , and 7 of Spades -LRB- Dennis Waterman , Ray Brooks , and Richard Warwick -RRB- , and the King and Queen of Hearts themselves -LRB- a hostile Flora Robson contrasting sharply with a mild and amiable Dennis Price -RRB- . After a seaside frolic with a Mock Turtle -LRB- Michael Hordern -RRB- , and Spike Milligan 's nasal sounding Gryphon , Alice attends the trial of the Knave of Hearts -LRB- Rodney Bewes -RRB- , who is on trial for the theft of the Queen 's tarts -- trial presided over by an Eagle -LRB- Ray Edwards -RRB- , with a Monkey , Squirrel , Lory , Magpie , Frog , and a Duck -LRB- Stanley Bates , Melita Manger , Angela Morgan , June Kidd , Michael Reardon , and Brian Tripping respectively -RRB- serving as jurors.Frequently aggravated by the lack of logic displayed by those around her , Alice 's outspokeness earns their ire , and while they call for the decapitation of their young guest , who in every sense of the term has outgrown them , the ordeal ends mercifully and quickly enough , and soon Alice 's world is serene again.Viewers may feel enchanted by this retelling of Carroll 's tale of logic , in which a young girl holds her own in an uncertain world , and discovers herself to be bigger than her adversaries . -- A 1970s take of an 1865 story that can still be relevent in the present tense .
 Where has this classic been hiding ? Watched this for the first time and was plesently surprised how good it is , now my wife and I favorite of this story book fantasy.I even liked some of the inferfections of the movie . The girl who plays Alice is superb . I actually decided to buy this for my grand children .
 I bought this as a reward for my daughter who read the entire chapter book , but the whole family enjoyed watching it . The movie was in great shape considering the years since it was made . It was also nice to look again at the White Rabbit and Mad Hatter . I would recommend this to any parent who would like to spend some quality time with their children .
 Fiona Fullerton -LRB- A View to a Kill -RRB- joins a host of English cast members in this marvelous adaptation of Lewis Carroll 's novel , made in the early 1970s . James Bond soundtrack musician John Barry wrote an excellent score , and Fiona 's singing compliments it well , adapting the nonsense rhymes of Lewis Carroll to music . I much prefer these older versions to the modern remakes.Peter
 Soft is n't it ? I have to say that I agree with the majority of viewers , and lets hope a proper salvation happens someday . Unlike most who love this version because they saw it as a child , I first saw this as a teenager and it went right along with my Syd Barrett records , my paisly shirt and my rose tinted shades -LRB- Mid-80s LA was a little on the retro weird side -RRB- . The only version that doezzzz n't get just plain dull . Though other versions have great moments , this is the only one I could ever get all the way through still smiling and was a great way to start or round up an evening . And Dude ! Fiona is a babe ! John Barry 's score is nice and subtle if a bit unambitious -LRB- maybe -RRB- I actually like the way Alice seems to just sing song to herself instead of big musical numbers . It just seems to fit its own inspiration better.I 'm so happy I found this , and suffice to say , low quality ? ... this movie always was a bit submerged and fuzzy . Like a yellow submarine .
 This film is the absolute apex of all the films made about Alice In Wonderland . Forget about all those silly cartoon versions and really old black and white versions . In this live-action musical , the cast is talented and remarkable , possessing some very well-known British stars ; the directing top brass ; the pacing steady ; the sets , costumes , and special effects fantastic ; the cinematography excellent ; and John `` OO7 '' Barry 's score is absolutely delightful ! Lewis Carroll 's spirit , imagination , humour , wit , song and dance , and lunacy are all captured in this wonderful film . The only thing I would criticise about this production would be the choice of casting the actress Fiona Fullerton in the role of Alice
 I saw this several times as a kid and it always stuck in my head . It 's a beautiful English production that has a definite melancholy , bittersweet flavor that 's missing from other adaptations . Really worth seeing . It is a kid-friendly version ? Not really but smart teens may enjoy it . Great performances from Ralph Richardson , Peter Sellers and Fiona Fullerton as Alice .
 When I was a wee lad . I 'd watch this story unfold on the tele , and as I grew older , I would stop turning the channels if I came upon this playing on the screen . Vcrs made it possible to record this and lazer discs have allowed me to keep it with me always . I fell in love with all the characterizations , and have tried to contack all of the stars from it . This movie has been the love of my life and made Theater a big part of it . I 'll love Fiona Fullerton always . And the Lewis carroll my thanks !
 Very , very similiar to the score in `` Somewhere in Time , '' this beautifully haunting score to this wonderfully English movie is another of the great masterpieces written by the legendary John Barry , who brought us the scores to Born Free , Dances With Wolves , Out of Africa , Chaplin and co-wrote the James Bond Theme . It supplies a delicately nostalgic and quaintly victorian backdrop to the most faithful adaptation of Lewis Carroll 's book that I have ever seen . A cavalcade of great British talent , Ralph Richardson , Dudley Moore , and Peter Sellers among others , dressed in character and performing many of the same painfully awkward and introverted jokes as any of the very best Monty Python skits . `` If they lived in a treacle well , I should think they would be very sick ! '' `` So they were - very sick indeed ! '' If you liked the movie `` Somewhere In Time '' mixed in with the most ribald and perplexingly human comedy of Monty Python , go back somewhere in time with Lewis Carroll . You may never leave Wonderland ever again . BeatHepcat@mindspring.com
 This is a wonderful version of Alice in Wonderland -LRB- combined with elements of Through the Looking Glass -RRB- . Unfortunately , the audio track is terrible . The is by far the worst audio track on any DVD I have purchased to date.In spite of this , the songs and choreography are first-rate . This is not a musical , but a significant part of the story is expressed through song and sometimes dance.Most notable in this production are : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Dudley Moore , whom you will probably not recognize as the Doormouse ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- the Mad Tea Party , which is very well done ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- the songs and dance with the Gryphon and Mock Turtle , which are very , very well done ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- and , best of all , the song between the White Rabbit and Alice , `` The Last Word Is Mine , '' where he mistakes Alice for Maryanne , Mabel and a number of other girls.This version of Alice in Wonderland is a worthy collectors item , in spite of the poor audio .
 I found this at Wal-Mart for $ 1.00 and I still think that this is THE BEST Alice In Wonderland EVER made . I enjoyed watching it -LRB- again -RRB- as much as my kids !
 This was my first Alice experience , when I was a just a little girl of 5 . Back then , it scared me to my core ... and then hooked me forever . This film is THE reason I am a crazed Alice In Wonderland collector . The musical numbers are adorable and more than the least bit catchy . I do admit that the sets and effects are a bit outdated . However , I found , as an Alice connoisseur , that those subtlties add to the vintage/antique effect of the story itself . I think Lewis Carroll would have been proud of this rendition .
 While this movie does not follow Mr. Carrol 's book verbatim , it is full of lavish scenery and costumes , lovely music and silly musical numbers . I fondly recall watching this film every year around Easter when it was broadcast on my local PBS station . It is just as wonderful and wacky to this grown-up kid as it was then . Look for the late , great Peter Sellers as the March Hare -LRB- ! -RRB- Dudley Moore as the Dormouse and Sir Robert Helpmann as a brilliant Mad Hatter . Unlike other reviews , I never thought Alice was too old , she was just right . If there was ever a need for a DVD Special Edition , this movie qualifies . Superior to the Disney cartoon , IMHO .
 I highly recommend this film . It 's charming . It 's for people of all ages . I 'd give it more stars if I could . The scenary is really like a dream and Michael Crawford is great as the white rabbit .
 i have seen dozens of verisons of alice in wonderland and this a good one i wish i had a jabberwock the only downside is the jerky angles but the acting makes up for it .
 My only grip with Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland is that the actress Fiona Fullerton looks too mature for her age . The writers should have decided on somebody who 's younger looking , however this is understandable given the time period - back in the early 70 's it seems Hollywood writers always went with the girls who looked mature for their age . Nowadays this would n't happen.As for the movie , well it 's really confusing but in a delightfully adventurous kind of way . I really do n't know who these highly unusual animal costume characters are that Alice meets along the way but they offer really good , hummable theatrical-type music so I do n't mind . I guess technically this * is * considered a musical , even though it 's more like a musical combined with a play-like adventure through the woods for innocent Alice . There 's a song that plays about 23-minutes into the film with lyrics about Mary and Mabel that 's * really * awesome . I like the exchange of vocals between Alice and the uh , rabbit-headed guy , hehe . It 's true that the things in the background such as the trees , mushrooms , fences , and grass look really dated . I do n't really care though - this is 1972 after all.Sometimes I wonder if this film is trying to copy the Wizard of Oz as far as a young girl stumbling upon unusual characters and looking for a specific destination/answers . The similarities are there on several occasions . I also wonder if all the drug references that I 've been reading about are true . For example , Fiona 's character eating one side of a mushroom to make her short , and the other side would make her tall . Hmmmm ... , haha!I guess another minor complaint is how the Alice character just immediately FALLS into this world of weirdness right away with very little in the way of building up to it . I believe the current Alice In Wonderland movies correct this problem . I also do n't understand how people who are able to follow this movie are supposed to be smart enough to become scientists and mathematicians . What ? In what way ? Overall , a nice little adventure for children .
 This is BY FAR the most faithful adaptation of the book I have ever seen in plot , dialogue , and subdued tong-in-cheek British tone . * To be sure , there are a couple of parts left out and a few things added , but -LRB- for example -RRB- the Tweedle Brothers often show up in Wonderland -LRB- although they should be part of Looking Glass -RRB- , and they were very good here . * Many of the human characters look exactly like the Tenniel drawings , and the rest -LRB- including Alice -RRB- -- as well as the animals -- very closely resemble them . The animal costumes were not spectacular , but they worked well enough -LRB- especially for the level costuming technology available in the early 70s -RRB- and the movements of the ears on the White Rabbit and March Hare were perfect . * The sets were very rich and detailed -LRB- what could be seen of them -RRB- , and the direction and choreography were high quality . * The sound was fine once past the credits , and the performances were very well enunciated.I agree wholeheartedly that it is a shame that the picture quality is so poor . This version richly deserves to be digitally remastered ; surely there has to be a better transfer out there somewhere .
 Getting ready to be involved in the Alice In Wonderland play this summer . Its good . We rented it online n the kids enjoyed watching it .
 ... This is one of the most great magical movies of all the Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland . The disney version does comes close , but this one is a tiny bit better because of the music . The music is brilliant . Anyway ! The movie it self is a great enchanting movie ... the girl who plays Alice was too old ... but probably she was the best singer when auditioning . This movie is a life time classic ! Great movie !
 The last time I saw this adaption of Alice in Wonderland I was 10 years old . However , I saw plenty of movies in my childhood and none stands out as haunting as this version of Alice in Wonderland . Its hazy dreamlike atmosphere thrilled me as a boy and any version I saw afterwards was a grave disappointment -- especially Disney 's which came out about 20 years before . I still remember this film very much and was excited to see it again only this time I noticed things that were very adultlike . The music added to this film 's charm and itself was very erie but beneficial to the story . I must say that there will never be a movie that comes close to his book like this one did .
 It is very rare that you find movie adaptations of literary works that are as accurate and entertaining as Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland . I watched this video as a child and will never forget the comical , catchy songs and the elaborate costumes . I was transfixed by the fairy tale world presented and the dream-like atmosphere . This is a truly remarkable peace of work that should never be forgotten .
 I feel some of the other reviews here are unjust and over exagerated . There were two places in the film that in total lasted maybe about five minutes where the sound was distorted , but not badly since you could still understand the characters clearly -LRB- ex . one area had a warpy vhs noise and the second had a bit of low static -RRB- . The costumes were well selected , but I felt a better job could have been done on the rats and the lizard -LRB- you can see a gap where the costume ends on his face -RRB- . This version follows the book well , though it left out a favorite qoute about the taste of the liquid in the first scene that she drinks from the `` drink me '' bottle . I also felt that the British accents in the movie enhanced the film . I recomend this to fans and people who are n't overly critical of films .
 Alice and her sisters are on a picnic with Charles Dodgson where she gets board . As she is told a story , and soon following a white rabbit finds herself underground . There she has many adventures.The actors do not overwhelm but enhances our favorite characters from this timeless tale by Lewis Carroll . Most are very famous or popular British actors of whom some are : Fiona Fullerton ... Alice -LRB- Born
 As far as picture quality and sound quality , this may be the worst I 've seen on a DVD . I think my old VHS copy was clearer . Technicalities aside , this is a must see for fans of Lewis Carroll 's Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland . It is the only film to get it right . The costumes and sets are perfect . The make-up is magnificent . The acting is A + . Songs have even been added to Carroll 's masterpiece , and they are a perfect match . Keep your eyes peeled for some very famous British actors . The music is absolutely mesmerizing . If you 're a true fan of Carroll 's novel , this is the only version ... I repeat the only version that captures his vision .
 I 'll echo the words of the previous reviews regarding the exquisite artistic quality and integrity of this film , and will also echo the extremely dissapointing DVD of what is truly a classic film.If memory serves me correctly the film grain always had a bit of a soft look to it , but this particular publication of the film is longing for some sort of salvation from a major studio or film preservation society . The DVD appears to be a duplication off of an old 3/4 '' broadcast video tape , which itself was a done from either a very poor 35mm film print , a 16mm reduction print , or a contact print from a secondary or tertiary negative . What 's even more heartbreaking is the fact that a few seconds have been cut from the film ; two or three lines of dialogue between Alice and the Mad Hatter , and a few frames of the musical sequence where the Deck of Cards first enters the garden.All in all , regardless of the technical problems with this DVD , were I to reccomend a photoplay of Alice in Wonderland , it would be this one . There 've been some criticims of the music and `` wooden '' sets and the cardboard feel for some of the scenes in Wonderland itself , but one must remind oneself that it is afterall a children 's film . And I suspect the `` cardboard '' feel was intentional to give the film a story book essence . And in my personal opinion adds great character to the movie.My one distinct childhood memory from seeing it in the theatre was noting how utterly gorgeous and talented Fiona Fullerton was -LRB- and presumably still is -RRB- . It 's truly a delight to see her and the movie again . We can only hope that some wealthy movie mogul will come rescue this film before it is lost entirely .
 Much better than other versions , this film creates in the viewer a sense of awe . This version also stays truer to Carroll 's novel . A definite must-see .
 I 'll watch this one over Disney 's mockery any bleeding day . The whole thing has this surreal vibe -LRB- much like the book -RRB- . The score by John Barry is beautiful and at times haunting . It sort of sounds borrowed from Schuloff 's `` Le Sonambule '' , but all film composers snag a little from here and there . Alice is played the way it should be ; saucy and sharp . Which is something totally missing from the Disney version and that horrible version that aired not to long ago on NBC . Show me another closer to the book .
 Surrealism takes over in this overlong , butentertaining version of the classic ALICE stories starring someof Britain 's best actors and actresses . Fiona Fullerton does asatisfying job of Alice , and so do the other actors in their roles . The music was haunting and the songs were catchy . I justfelt this film could have been edited a little more because it is very long . Overall , this film was quite good , as it is one of the versions that stuck closely to book while adding and changing a few things to make it better .
 Eu gostei muito do filme principalmente da parte em que a Alice nao para de crescer . oi oi oi oi oi oi oi oi oi oi o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o
 I loved the mobive and it was in perfect condition just like my seller had said . Now I know who to come to when I want to buy more items : -RRB-
 THE STORY
 `` The Littlest Outlaw '' was made on location in Mexico in 1955by Walt Disney and is a charming little movie suitable for thewhole family . It was made in the days when family entertainmentwas good , clean , wholesome fun.This movie has been neglected for far too long , a fate it doesnot deserve . Never released on DVD and only once on VHS in 1987 , it has long since been out of print but has now been released onDVD as a Disney Movie Club exclusive . The acting is top notch bya cast of mainly Mexican actors and the outdoor filming locationsmake the movie feel real.Heading the cast is Andres Velasquez as Pablito , a 10 year oldMexican boy . Pablito is the step-son of a cruel horse trainerfor General Torres of the Mexican army who is training the General ` shorse Conquistador for the grand equestrian event at the nationalhorse show . The trainer 's cruel methods cause the horse to becomeafraid of jumping and after a bad fall by the horse injuring theGeneral 's young daughter , the General orders the horse to be destroyed.Pablito runs away with the horse becoming a pursued fugitive . On hisjourney , Pablito becomes involved with many interesting characterswho try to help him including a kindly priest . The bullfight scenes atthe end are authentic and exciting as is the wall jump scene thatfollows with Pablito riding Conquistador . Typical of Disney films , allends well for Pablito and Conquistador.A movie to please all .
 THE STORY
 This is an early live action Disney feature , filmed entirely in Mexico in the early 1950 's . It features the great Mexican actor Pedro Armendariz in a major role and an appealing boy who is actually the lead -LRB- what did you expect from a Disney film ? -RRB- . It 's not the most original story ever conceived , a boy has to rescue a horse that is being abused by the bad guy -LRB- whose character is not too clearly defined ; I 'm not sure if he is the boy 's guardian or just a worker on the ranch -RRB- and has been condemned to be destroyed by the angry owner after an accident . Boy and horse run away and have many exciting adventures as they are pursued across the countryside , into San Miguel de Allende , and even into a bull ring . The film has good actors , and lots and lots of footage of San Miguel de Allende , Mx. , a very beautiful town which is now a popular tourist destination and ex-patriot living community . It 's very interesting to see it as it was in the early 1950 's . It 's a good little movie , one of Disney 's less well known , and should be a hit with the kids as well as the San Miguel de Allende fans .
 The littlest Outlaw ' is one of the rare theatrical Disney releases not available on DVD . It 's rare also in the fact that it is a American made Mexican film . While other cinematic shlock continues to pollute video stores and Netflix , this rare little gem is available to view on Amazon on Demand.The life of a horse rider is a wonderful exciting life filled with adventure . The opening shot of this film shows this excitement as horses leap and soar over obstacles strewn along well traveled horse paths . Chato does not have the luxury to ride horses , but gets to train them for the riders . One of the horses he trains happens to be the one and only ` Conquistador ' owned by General Torres himself . However , this champion of horses can not successfully make the high jumps on the horse track . With the big horse tournament coming up this does not look good for the General wanting to be the big shot at the event.To motivate the horse to jump better , Chato puts sharp spindles just atop of one of the higher jumps during horse jumping training . The philosophy is that the horse will jump higher to avoid the pain . Chato is so confident that this will work he places a bet with the local bookie , who also just happens to be the local barber.Come the day of the big race , Chato 's methods prove to be as about as effective as pouring gasoline on a fire to make it go out . The horse knowing that something nasty is coming if he jumps over the horse jump , does what any sensible horse would do . He avoids it . Conquistador is then put in quarantine for embarrassing the general in front of all his would be fans by not jumping . This saddens Chato 's stepson Pablito who loves the horse . He was witness to all the cruelty and would gladly spill the beans on this fine example of animal cruelty , but his jerk of a step father has promised swift retribution on the horse if this happens . Thus Pablito remains quiet.The General 's strong-headed young daughter Celita is determined to ride Conquistador regardless of the ban on him . She rides him all around her yard attempting to race him over jumps , which of course fails . As the horse stops at one jump , the girl keeps on going injuring herself . This second offensive is the last strike in Conquistador 's fate . He gets the death sentence from the General , which Chato is only too pleased to carry out feeling rather anxious to get rid of the horse he had trained him for failure . Little Pablito seeing the injustice of this situation takes off with the horse , on the run from his step father , the general and the law.As we journey with this fugitive from injustice , we meet several interesting characters along the way including a couple of bandits hiding out in a ghost-town . The ` Tiger ' is the sheriff of this 2 person town and the other resident is the Vulture . Moving on , Pablito takes sanctuary in a church during the feast of St. Anthony . Pablito and his horse arrive in the Good Padre 's church during a wedding ceremony . He convinces the Padre that since he blessed his horse during the blessing of the animals , he belongs in the church . The padre accepts this logic and becomes a friend to the boy and the horse.The shots of the interior church are beautiful and bring the cultural and religious atmosphere of Mexico in bright vivid display . The beauty of the church is reflected in the bright sunny Christ-like character of the priest who helps to guide Pablito in to doing the right thing regarding the horse.The long dusty road of the life of an outlaw brings the Padre , Pablito , and a pursuing Chato to a bull fight in which the characters try to get to Conquistador before the mad bull , which has a taste for ramming into horses gets to him first.The final outcome is fitting for a Disney style adventure story featuring a young boy , a horse , and a not so nice antagonist . It 's a fine example of a film you can watch with the young-in 's without having to be embarrassed by fowl language -LRB- not even foreign language -RRB- innuendo -LRB- there are not too many women in this picture -RRB- or fart jokes . If your a Disney fan or a film fan in general , you might want to have ` The Littlest Outlaw ' hide out in your computer for family movie night .
 The video was of great quality ... the movie was one of my favorites as a horse-crazy little girl ... I really enjoyed watching it again . . this time as a 59 yr old horse-crazy woman ... who still owns and show horses !!!!
 This is timeless , and I have shared it with many older children who love it too . Plus , it shows Mexican cultural celebrations -LRB- bullfighting , the &#34; Blessing of the Animals &#34; and more -RRB- and scenery . There 's a lot to love about this film . Okay , there 's a dorky moment or two , but it is WELL WORTH WATCHING .
 This is a movie I 've been looking for a long time now . It was a favorite movie from my childhood .
 THE STORY
 This Walt Disney movie , made in Mexico , tells a story about a stablehand and the horse he loves , set against the backdrop of the Mexican International Equestrian team . It has excitement , humor , and a wonderful glimpse of Mexico -LRB- albeit 50 years ago -RRB- . My only concern is that this is a VHS copy , and it is right-protected , so I can not copy it onto a DVD . It is darker than when I originally saw it . I recommend this to any pre-teen or teenager - or adult , for that matter - who absolutely loves horses . For me , it is right up there with `` National Velvet '' and `` Black Beauty '' - maybe even better .
 FORT SAGANNE is a long , grand epic which must be seen in widescreen . It 's really a Gerard Depardieu movieand he is magnificent as a legionnaire in French-occupied Sahara . LE SAUVAGE is a romantic comedy which is one of my favorite Deveuve films . Catherine Deneuve necessarily enters runaway Yves Montand 's placid lifeand wreaks havoc . Chemistry again in LE CHOC with Alain Delon as a professional hitman who meets Deneuve when he is hiding out . I had not seen HOTEL DES AMERIQUES before . While I still enjoyed this drama , I could not eventually understand the stubborn fascination of the Deneuve character with Patrick Dewaere -LRB- who died tragically young in real life -RRB- . In MANON 70 , Deneuve can not commit to any one man till she meets Sami Frey , then ... Here 's hoping Lionsgate produces and releases a collection of films starring another French legend - Michele Morgan .
 After I could n't get through to the amazon site -LRB- my ISP had connection problems -RRB- , I purchased the C.D. set locally and have already watched most of it . The transfer to DVD is really good , with rich color and crystal-clear images . Although most of the footage is English-subtitled , I had no problem enjoying what I have watched of the five movies . Nice packaging , too !
 I 'll recognize that most of these DVD compilations are typically known for including a bunch of unappreciated works and probably one good film . Ok so you do n't get Belle Du jour , the last metro , repulsion , or even the hunger in this one but it is still worth checking out . For that reason , I would say that 's what sets Catherine Deneuve apart from all the other actors even at their worst.Allow me to discuss briefly most of the films included in this collection.Manon 70
 Foreign films seem to be few and far between because of limited distribution and we have companies like Lionsgate who have acquired the negatives and rights of some great rare gems . This collection not only highlights the talent and beauty of Catherine Deneuve but also gives us a great insight on basic French filmmaking . With a diverse series of titles , this collection shows how Deneuve could light up the screen in every thing she was in . This set is represented by comedy
 Catherine Deneuve is one of the most beautiful & -LRB- given her status -RRB- adventurous actresses in the history of cinema -LRB- Belle de Jour , Repulsion , La Syrene du Mississippi -RRB- . While this collection contains some of her more conventional performances , her beauty & her talent can not be denied . I have an upscaling blu-ray player which renders these movies into better quality than I would have seen at my local cinema in the ' 70 's / 80 's which will satisfy me until they 're released on blu-ray .
 The most striking features of this little dark gem of a film that make it emminently watchable are the beautifully composed black and white shots , often rendered through unusual angles , and the simply elegant soundtrack composed of classical tracks mixed in with modern classical/folk . I found myself being pulled back in time as the film unravelled its stories and slowly steamrolled me over by the sheer volume of misery experienced by the northern immigrant communities . It makes one wonder how much of the small town , everyday life variety of American history is glossed over and forgotten about . Sadly , I think you could have made this film about any number of areas of the US and the human experience between 1850 and 1950 and you would find similar tales of suffering , strife and moral collapse . This should be required watching for those who still believe that there ever was a such thing as the American dream .
 I 've never written an Amazon review before , but was just too tempted when I saw the very poor reviews this film has received on this site . I am an American living in England , and I bought this DVD here in the UK . It has fairly good reviews here in England , but I was surprised by the number of narrow minded , prissy reviews it has on the Amazon US site.I found this film moving , sad , funny , and beautiful to watch . It is extremely well-filmed , and unlike other reviewers here , I think it is also very sensitive considering the subject matter.This film is a must for REAL history buffs -LRB- who are n't afraid to see reality -RRB- and for all lovers of ... just well-filmed films.And as for other reviewers pooh-poohing the fact that this has photos of * gasp * DEAD PEOPLE - grow up and get some perspective on this time in history , or do n't watch ! Post mortem photographs were as common as going to Olan Mills for the family portrait is today - any true history buff will already know this - and those photographs were not so much * private family photographs * as they were on display , proudly , above mantelpieces , for all to see . Post mortem photography was de rigeur in a society where death was much more open and most people died at home.All in all , I highly recommend this film . No , it 's not for everyone , but it is an excellent film for some .
 This great film will stamp an indelible image into your psyche . I saw this at a cinema last year and it has stayed in my mind ever since . A more hauntingly beautiful film has not bettered this faux documentary about the lives our ancestors lived ... and how things really have not changed .
 Wisconsin Death Trip is a journey back to the late 19th century into the town of Black River Falls , Wisconsin , where poverty , hunger , and a grueling winter are assaulting the inhabitants . The population of the small town is mostly of immigrants from Norway and Germany and they are suffering to the point of madness where murder and bizarre behavior results from their anguish . This anguish is often blamed upon witchcraft , ghosts , and other evils as it brings many to the Mendota Asylum for the Insane . As the film unfolds it becomes an expedition through Wisconsin and the many macabre incidences that took place between 1890 and 1900 . In the end , it offers some interesting insight to the state of Wisconsin and it offers a truly grisly , yet well done , cinematic experience .
 This film was absolutely incredible . I am a Social Work major and have been studying demographics , aging , death and dying . This film fits in so well with some of the course work I have had . People just do n't realize this is how it really was and in many cases still is . This film in a thimble described drug addiction , mental illness , spousal abuse . child abuse , and disease . From my personal perspective - it made me understand a bit better the suffering of others and how we have gone nowhere in alleviating suffering.Absolutely amazing !!
 I have seen Wisconsin Death Trip several times.Some people are shocked by photos of the dead.This is not really such an uncommon thing.When I first heard about photos of the dead I did notunderstand why anyone would want such a photo.There are many reasons.People who take photos of the dead are not being disrespectful.Taking photographs of the dead is still a common practice in many societies and cultures . Such photographs are a proof that there was a funeral and that the person actually died . In some instances people want these photographs to send to family that is far away . Some people who are new to this country will take photos and videos of the funeral to send back to their relatives.Photographs are also taken of people who are ill or in hospital , to send to distant family members for similar reasons.I know of blind persons who use cameras to take photos that they themselves can not see . A blind person takes photos as a kind of documentation and a witness to the reality of their experience . See the movie `` Proof '' with Hugo Weaving .
 I just finished watching the eerily haunting documentary , `` Wisconsin Death Trip . '' The documentary was recommended by my friend , Bob Leonard.Set in the years 1890-1900 , the movie is collected from an old newspaper that dates back to those years . Definitely not for children , the weak of stomach or people controlled by emotions , the stories culled from the newspaper accounts tell tales of murders , disease , adultery , many suicides and of a window smasher named Mary Sweeney . I will have to do more research on Mary Sweeney.If you have about an hour and 15 minutes and you 're in the mood for something that is more frightening than a ghost story -LRB- because this is true -RRB- , you may want to sit down and watch it . If not you may just want to skip it.I 'll give it four out of five stars because it is edited so well and makes you feel like you 're experiencing the same things that people were back near the turn of the century .
 Having achieved cult notoriety since its first publication in 1973 , Michael Lesy 's Wisconsin Death Trip plumbed the nineteenth century 's abject , turbulent final decade in Black Water Falls , Wisconsin and other locations in Jackson County , utilizing a wealth of morbid glass plate negatives and disturbing press clippings of historical record to chronicle a period in the state 's history that was largely miserable . Unemployment , disease , madness , alcoholism , religious fervor and brutal crime resulting from all of these factors was expertly exhibited in Lesy 's harrowing presentation.Wisconsin Death Trip never needed a film adaptation , and it could be said that the book is ill-suited to the medium . So , it 's a surprise to see that James Marsh has produced a picture of considerable interest from the book 's content . Unfortunately , the film relies on too few of the many extraordinary photographs that Charles Van Schaick shot during the period -LRB- which serve as the entirety of the book 's illustrations -RRB- , relying instead on re-enactments . Fortunately , these scenes are , despite a few exceptions , ably performed and beautifully rendered in lush black-and-white . Many violent , depraved and tragic events , as well as a few of fleeting delight , are portrayed and arranged in a seasonal order , and each season 's sequence is concluded with vibrant color footage of Black River Falls a century later , depicting a comparatively subdued 1990s locale.Those familiar with the book know what kind of misery they 'll be witness to , though the execution of these re-enactments are often surprising for the initiated . Just as the hyperbole of the book is in some portions nearly ludicrous , so too do some scenes flirt with melodrama ; the whispered voice-over of an insane asylum clerk crosses the line from creepiness into silliness . However , the pace of this film is imbued with such remarkable momentum ; Marsh has arranged many of the book 's most exceptional incidents in a way that retains the viewer 's attention.The greatest achievements of this project are to be found in its cinematography and editing . Without its gorgeous photography and fastidiously organized sequences , Wisconsin Death Trip would be intriguing , but nowhere near so engaging to the eye . Holm 's narration is very fine ; he affects the dialect of the period capably , and as a result , his own voice is barely recognizable.The proceedings are scored by the music of Bach , Offenbach , Schumann , Rachmaninoff , P&auml;rt and one of this reviewer 's favorite pieces , the In Paradisum of Faur&eacute; 's Requiem , which closes the film.Home Vision has produced quite a few very good DVD editions , and this is one of them . Its audiovisual quality throughout is excellent . The main menu is uncluttered and easy to navigate , its background a montage of shots from the film . Scene selections are comprised of two title lists.One commentary track voiced by Marsh and cinematographer Egil Bryld is of minor interest . While these two have n't sparking personalities and the track is hardly entertaining , their exhaustive discussion of every aspect pertinent to the film 's production yields plenty of information.Four brief deleted scenes -LRB- the first two of which are narrated by someone other than Holm -RRB- are included among the special features . Considering their brevity and quality , it seems odd that they were omitted from the film 's succinct final cut.A featurette entitled Midwestern Gothic is of moderate quality . Interviews with cast and crew and on-set footage provide an insider glimpse of the movie 's production , but there 's really little to see here that is n't thoroughly explained in the commentary track .
 Germans captured and destroyed 12 millions soviet tanks in first 2 months of offencive ? Seriously ? Twelve millions ? With few thousands tanks sent ?
 I found this movie when searching for horror flicks . I 'm not sure why it was there because it was n't really a horror movie -LRB- however experimental -RRB- at all but essentially a very long music video . The film used unique visual effects extensively and effectively to turn even mundane footage of family videoes or ocean waves into something extraordinary and even a little unsettling . The music was experimental stuff consisting of samples , synth , bass , and other elements I was n't quite able to make out . I want to say it reminded me of Brain Eno and David Byrne 's collaboration but that 's not quite it either . Good stuff nonetheless .
 GREAT COMPLETE HISTORY of BSD Software . Its in lecture format -LRB- like hotel ballroom and boardroom setting -RRB- , but Dr. Marshall Kirk McKusick is not only very knowledgeable as well as a good story teller . If you are into Operating Systems , the Open Source Movement , Unix , Linux and want to hear about their origins - you will like this lecture . It 's a bit long at over 3 hours , and like Dr. McKusick does , during the breaks you can pause your Tivo and chug pitchers of beer . Much More Interesting Then !
 great picture would buy from here again this is a very old christian movie but this dvd was not expensive and it has great quality too
 The '50 was the `` Sword & Sandal Movies '' decade . Uncountable films of the genre were released . The most notable
 HAVE ALWAYS LOVED THIS BIBLICAL PICTURE . DEPICTING THE PHILOSOPHY OF TRUE LOVE AND ANGER , AND WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU ARE VENDICTIVE IN LOVE . WHAT GOD DOES FOR KARMA , BUT IN THE END . GOOD STORY TO LEARN , AND WHO CA N'T LOVE THE ACTORS ! EXCELLENT MOVIE . CLASSIC ! SELLER WAS FAST TO DELIVER .
 The movie was excellent for a DeMille move that pre - dates the Ten Comandments very good bible story . Loved every minute
 I saw this film when it came out in the 50s . I was ten years old . I knew it was an excellent movie . C.B. Demille knew that the stories in the Bible have great dramatic value . Some of the younger folk might notice a young an lovely Angela Lansbury . Of course Hedy Lamarr 's beauty is remarkable . Victor Mature was perfect for the Samson role . This is a movie the whole family can watch together and it 's all in the Bible .
 Great movie !!! Samson and delilah , well done by the full cast of stars . A good one to have in the library .
 It 's hard to top the classics . George Sanders never fails to dissappoint as the villan and Victor Mature and Hedy Lamarr were great .
 Although not exactly true to the Bible account about Samson , it is a fascinating movie , and the costuming and set construction is impeccable . Victor Mature is a very convincing Samson , as Hedy Lamar is superb as Delilah . Recommended to any fan of classic movies , or movies about the life of Bible characters !
 Excellent epic film with literate script , fine costumes , beautiful musical score by Victor Young , and overall entertaining . The 4:3 picture looks very good on Kindle Fire HD tablet .
 I love All the old Biblical movies and this oneis number one on my love it list , it is a most have for all those who love historic movies , this is base on the bible story of Samson . I simply LOVE IT .
 I enjoyed the movie very much , and I 'm very satisfied with the video quality . Will be using amazon again , and recommend to friends . .
 These days we ca n't allways make it to church like we would like to on Sundays . No reason to deny the kids their biblical education . Samson & Delilah is a great 2 hours for the family . Excellent performances from 2 of our greatest stars !
 Samson and Delilah began an age at the end of the 1940 's which continued until the beginning of the 1960 's in whichhistorical events from History were shown on the silver screen . During this period these excellent films managed tonot only entertain audiences , but provided fairly acurate descriptions from History . In the case of Samson and Delilah this movie was extremely well done .
 THIS MOVIE WAS THE BEST MOVIE SHOWN FOR THAT TIME , , CECIL B DEMILL , S GREATEST SPECTACULAR VICTOR MATURE PLAYED A GREAT ROLE , , ,
 Could someone PLEASE upload this movie online so people overseas can have access to it?It 's so ridiculous when potential customers who would be perfectly willing to pay for a product , which for some bizarre reason has been withheld , have to resort to this !
 I think the leading lady is Hedi Lamar . She and Victor Mature are great together in this one about Samson . If I have my facts straight , she invented the cell phone during WWII . How about that ? You will really like this one . Liquorish
 Since I was n't there & can only go by the accounts listed in `` The Good Book '' , I would say this is a very good Hollywood take on Samson & Delilah . It offers a beautiful large screen production that was well done in the `` Old Days '' of `` Sword & Sandal '' Epics & it offers well acted performances that are better than many of the `` lighter '' movies made now . It certainly delivers on everything it promises .
 This is a great Bible movie . No foul language to wade through , no scenes that are offensive ; just a good story . Story follows the Scriptures . Ending slightly off . In the movie Delilah leads Sampson to the pillars , but a young lad does in the Bible .
 Tis is not Biblical but it is entertaining . Samson hurts Delilah , spurns common sense and God 's guidance and then gives into his passions . Delilah acts vengefully and then regrets her actions against the man she loves . Talk about the Hollywood tragic love story . This story is 50 % fiction but it still works .
 Considered a classic , `` Samson and Delilah '' is a must view -LRB- once -RRB- film . Now out of print , the copy I ordered had Chinese -LRB- ? -RRB- subtitles , but they did not really get in the way . I kept wondering what was wrong with Victor Mature 's face and why Hedy Lamarr talked like she just graduated from the silents?Still Cecil B. DeMille pulled off a major film production that packed the theaters , even though the temple scene was a bit hokey and the dialogue stilted.But not watching `` Samson and Delilah '' once is just like not reading a well-known classic or seeing a famous painting .
 Good movie , decent picture quality , but not HD or Blue Ray . As for what it is , its a five star .
 I have loved this film since I first saw it . It was release the year before I was Born . Hedi Lamar was a gorgeous woman I am not sure why she was n't as well known simply for her looks . It is truely an epic example of Hollywood movie making in the golden age . If you have n't seen it you have really missed one of the great ones .
 Over the top at times , but this was considered a big budget movie at the time , with the characteristic DeMille touches.My wife remembered watching this as a child , and our kids enjoyed the movie - especially the lion wrestling scenes .
 leave it to cecil b demille to make a great movie . this is a classic for all to watch . anyone who believes thebible ca n't help but feel gods power in this movie . it 's always inspiring every time i watch it .
 I received is Dvd and enjoying it very much , it is a 1950 classic . I first saw it at a drive in outdoor theater . Thanks
 I recommend this film , Samson and Delilah , for those who are interested in the human character and dealing with the weaknesses and strengths of our character . Good acting with an excellent storyline . Highly recommended !
 i remember seeing the moving when i was very young and wanted to see it over the Easter holiday , being that it has a spiritual meaning to me , i really enjoy it ! it fill in the blinks of what I could n't remember so long ago .
 amazing classic movie , not to be missed . true hollywood legends playing the roles of one of the most famous biblical stories of all time . In the story we learn how Samson , no matter with all his strength , could still be fooled . In turn ; Samson is just like you and me when we give ourselves over to sin . In this state , we can easily be deceived because the truth becomes impossible to see .
 When I saw this film was available I had to purchase it . This is an `` old school '' favorite , and my dvd arrived extremely fast , and was in great condition . You can not find DVD 's of this quality and category on sale in many stores these days . That is why this is such an awesome service ! The DVD played perfectly with no problems at all . I completely enjoyed viewing this film . It is a great addition to my growing collection!THANK YOU !!!!!!!!
 This was a gift for my sisters 50th Bithday , she was so excited when I gave it to her . it arrived in mint condition and right on time I would buy from this seller again . thank you Amazon for helping me make my sister very happy on her big day
 I think that Samson and Delilah is one of the most heart felt romantic and heroic biblical drama movie that you could ever watch and learn a spirital lesson from . You ca n't helped but to say wow !
 This movie does what limited budget , independent films do best
 This miniseries follows two recently deceased people who can not be seen by the people who know them , but can interact with strangers , who will forget them when they leave . They still have the ability to influence those around them as they try to come to terms with their unfinished business . Excellent acting and an interesting story that must work within the rules of its version of the hereafter . Well worth watching .
 `` Rory O'Shea Was Here '' was a movie I did n't know I anything about prior to viewing it . Now that I have seen it I am so glad that I stumbled upon it . The sarcastic and larger-than-life Rory is one of those characters you never think you 'll like until you realize you already do and you ca n't figure out how it happened . James McAvoy is one of those actors who really knows how to melt into a character to the point when you forget he 's acting and this movie is a perfect example . I ca n't remember the last time I laughed and cried and yelled at a movie so much . You have to see this movie !!!
 Two of the best performances by actors in 2005 . Equal to that of Daniel Day Lewis in My Left Foot . The two primary actors become their characters and are believeable . The story is inspirational and your cheer for Rory and Michael from the beginning .
 `` Rory O'Shea Was Here '' is an optimistic yarn about living to the fullest of one 's abilities with disabilities that manages to transcend clich&eacute;s and be genuinely entertaining . Rory O'Shea -LRB- James McAvoy -RRB- is a roguish young man confined to a wheelchair with muscular dystrophy , his voice and two fingers his only functioning faculties . When he goes to live at Carrigmore Home for the Disabled , a pretty and pleasant institution , unfortunately without opportunity for self-determination or anything even mildly exciting , his boisterous personality shakes the place up a bit . Michael Conolly -LRB- Steven Robertson -RRB- , who is also wheelchair-bound and suffers from severe speech impairment due to cerebral palsy , is resigned to the monotony and confinement in the home . But when he finds that Rory can understand his speech , Michael seeks his friendship , and Rory 's quest to live independently rubs off on him . `` Rory O'Shea Was Here '' succeeds because it 's honest . Rory and Michael are real , flawed , and lively personalities . The film does n't romanticize disability or claim that there is anything enriching about it . It does n't hesitate to laugh at the everyday challenges of being disabled either . And the cast is great . Neither James McAvoy or Steven Robertson are disabled , but they work very hard to hide that fact . Robertson 's body language and his barely intelligible speech are amazing . McAvoy makes Rory lovable , charismatic , and frustrating . Romola Garai is a chameleon in her role as Siobhan , the men 's personal assistant . I 'm used to seeing her in period films and did n't recognize her , but she 's terrific . This is n't really a film about people overcoming obstacles or living with them . It 's about life 's frustrations , which are easily taken out on someone else in a home , but can be a good deal more complicated where there is no one to blame . Like so many Irish films , `` Rory O'Shea Was Here '' has a vitality and unsentimental humor that makes it a pleasure to watch.The DVD -LRB- Universal 2005 release -RRB-
 This movie was a gift , a real sleeper I 'd never heard of until my folks recommended it out of the blue . It 's about the slow-building , ultimately intense friendship between two handicapped young men , and their pursuit of independence and love . There was nothing maudlin or corny about the film , despite tremendous potential for there to have been needless sentimentality . Nothing relied on artificial or clich&eacute;d devices ; even the by-now familiar love triangle did n't develop or resolve predictably.The characters were real and complex , and there was nothing patronizing or preachy in the depiction of their disabilities ; viewers are free to dislike the sharp-tongued Rory at times , for instance , in spite of sympathizing with his struggles with Duchenne 's Muscular Dystrophy . And Michael can be pitied more for his falling too hard for female love interest Siobahn than for his cerebral palsy . The acting was superb . James McEvoy 's performance in the title role was far superior to his job in Last King of Scotland , and Steven Robertson in particular gave the best portrayal of a handicapped individual that I 've seen since Daniel Day Lewis in My Left Foot.Some laugh out loud moments in the film came as a surprise
 I 'm feckin 40 - I should have known better!The acting was unreal - then I had the most embarressing moment of my life 2 days laterI am a fan of `` Shameless '' -LRB- uk tv series -RRB- I watched every weekI did n't realise it was the same actor that played steve in shamelessHonestly , thats how good it was , It ' will leave you in floods of laughter & tearsAnother Irish film thats great `` this is gon na be great '' is Adam & PaulLove & RespectRory StokesDalkey
 Living without anyone being able to understand what one is saying might be very difficult , but if one never has had anyone understand them it 's all one expects out of life . This is the case for Michael Connolly -LRB- Steven Robertson -RRB- who suffers from cerebral palsy , which gives him the inability to control the movement of his muscles . However , through decades of training he has developed some movements , even though it is extremely difficult for him to control the movement . At Carrigmore - A Home for Special People Michael has learned to communicate through slowly pointing on an alphabet board , but it is a very tedious accomplishment even when it comes to expressing a few words . But it is all he knows , the life within Carrigmore.Damien O'Donnell , a name some might recognize from films such as Heartlands -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and East is East -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , has created a poignant film about two young men that both are wheelchair bound . In addition to Michael , the rebellious Rory O'Shea -LRB- James McAvoy -RRB- has just arrived to the Carrigmore where he quickly makes himself known as a troublemaker . However , he has one unique gift , he can understand what Michael is saying . Michael for the first time experiences what chatting is about and feels ecstatic about this , to most trivial , but to him a precious and extraordinary event . They quickly become friends , as Michael has no one else to talk to and Rory has no one that listens to him.Rory takes it on himself to teach Michael about life outside Carrigmore of which he is completely unaware . For the first time he got to drink alcohol and feel the rouse of drunkenness along with the warm touch of a woman 's kiss . There are many firsts for Michael , who for the first time gets to experience life and the freedom that life can bring while outside an institutional setting with the constant attention and rules . Blissful Michael embraces what he learns from Rory , as he also learns that they can apply for independent living.Rory O'Shea Was Here delivers different views of life than what the brilliant The Sea Inside -LRB- 2004 -RRB- does which deals with a quadriplegic that desires to end his life . Here the main character strives to experience life , as all he has known is the restricted life within an institution . The major difference is with the protagonist in The Sea Inside , as he had lived life to the fullest before his life was suddenly snatched away through a tragic accident after which he lived in a bed for decades . The difference can be experienced through Michael who vividly experiences the smallest changes as great adventures . Well , I can not judge one or the other ; it is their life and their life to live . However , it is a very positive feeling that arouses when one can observe Michael learn new simple things in life.One thing that O'Donnell considers in his film is that life is not always pleasant , which he also addresses through a couple of riveting scenes . It is through the pain of these experiences that Michael and Rory feel where the audience will connect in a more humane manner , as he finds a way to persist . In addition , the performances by Steven Robertson and James McAvoy are remarkable , as they help make the film feel even more genuine . Ultimately , the audience will have gone through an emotional roller coaster that will have pulled and yanked the viewer in all different directions , which leaves with a few notions to ponder in regards to quality of life .
 A funny , moving film about friendship , heartbreak , overcoming prejudice and limitations , and making one 's way in life . It 's an uplifting story . The performances by Robertson , McAvoy , Garai , & Hickey are first-rate . You ca n't go wrong watching this DVD . Highly recommended .
 There 's some fine acting in Rory O'Shea was Here , a rather predictable , but insightful melodrama from Irish Director Damien O'Donnell . While O'Donnell and screenwriter Jeffrey Caine faithfully adhere to the bylaws of message-based drama , quickly plunging us from triumph to tragedy , at times they seem far too intent on laboring the point . Yes , even disabled people have rights too.We first meet Rory -LRB- James McAvoy -RRB- at Dublin 's Carrigmore Home for the Disabled . He has Duchenne muscular dystrophy , a muscle-deteriorating degenerative disease that has confined him to a wheelchair with the use of only two fingers and partial mobility of his head . His disability , however , has not affected his quick wit , his penchant for crude jokes , or his larrikin-like behaviour.Rory forms an unlikely friendship with the clean-cut Michael Connolly -LRB- Steven Robertson -RRB- , a Carrigmore lifer who is stricken with cerebral palsy . Strangely , Rory is the only one who can actually understand Michael 's severely impaired speech , much to the chagrin of Michael 's caretakers.Michael is the son of wealthy and successful judge who institutionalized him as a young boy . He 's basically been left on his own to fend for himself , but is monitored by the Home 's repressive superintendent -LRB- a wonderful Brenda Fricker -RRB- . Frustrated with the limitations of the institution , Rory and Michael hatch a plan to carve out independent lives for themselves.Rory convinces Michael to apply for a personal-assistance scholarship that , once granted , would allow him and Rory to move into their own flat . Once this is approved , Rory blackmailsMichael 's estranged father into not only bankrolling a custom-made , fully accessible apartment for them , but also paying for some full time help . Help comes in the form of Siobhan -LRB- Romola Garai -RRB- , a beautiful blond supermarket clerk . She does n't have much experience with disabled people , but she has a big heart.Soon the boys are having a great time
 When I first saw the front picture of the DVD I thought `` Drama and hedgehog-haired McAvoy in sunglasses ? `` Luckily I did watch it , and had my front-picture-opinion turned 180 degrees opposite . Loved it , and put in the row of my `` Golden Collection '' . Would n't notice the 104 minutes past.Astonished by the Rory 's struggle to live as if it is his last day , tough enough to keep his interior Rory well hidden , yet open enough to convince the audience about his ongoing drama , completely excluding the pity.Yet another proof of simple things being genius.Highly recommend .
 Exellent movie , very touching though a bit depressing at times . The leads -LRB- Mcavoy , Robertson and Garai -RRB- are all excellent .
 I LOVED THIS MOVIE . IT IS BOTH EDUCATIONAL FOR THE DISABLED AND FUNNY AT THE SAME TIME . VERY INSPIRATIONAL FOR THE DISABLED AND EVEN IF YOU ARE NOT IT IS JUST AWESOME . Rory O'Shea Was Here
 This movie is great and touches many emotions without being sappy . The acting is wonderful and I never felt the movie made fun of the disabled . I have a disabled son who watched it with me a few nights ago and he thought the film was touching . He loved the spunk of Rory O'Shea and how he taught Michael with his sense of humor . Rory was sensitive and concerned about Michael.I recommend the film highly . It 's a keeper as far as I 'm concerned and well worth buying for your library .
 I totally fell in love with the characters Michael Conally and Rory O'shea . What great actors ! My kids could n't believe that the actors were n't handicapped , and because I cared so much for the characters that the end was heart rending . I liked the alternate ending better than the movie release because of Michael 's relationship with Rory 's father , and it showed him in college .
 I 'm sure all of the other reviews sum up what the movie is about , and extremely well at that . I only had to read one in order to buy the movie , and now I have to add my own 5 stars to the list . I work in a long term care facility , and the movie shows how easy it is for people to become attached to others , especially when they are the one depending on others to help them with the normal activities of daily living . Although it is hard to show what it is truly like to be handicapped in some way -LRB- and have it be believable -RRB- , in such a short span of time , this movie does an excellent job of it.I wish I could say this is a movie for the whole family , but due to the language , it unfortunately is n't . As far as I can see , Rory 's favorite word is really the only reason it would n't be suitable for children , but even though it is used quite often , it is n't without warrant . The expletives help paint a better picture of how frustrating it is to be ` different ' than most other people and wish you could be ` normal ' and able to take care of yourself . Believe me , watching your language is the least of your worries when you need to be waited on hand and foot due to no fault of your own , and you ca n't always count on someone being there when you need them most .
 This was a great movie about people dealing with handicaps . This movie reminds you that they have the same feeling as everyone else regardless of their condition.I love Romola Garia , I bought this DVD because she was in it . I rate shows as whether I would ever watch them again and I will see it again and will recommend it to my friends . The story is bittersweet and so very loving . It shows such great courage . A must see !
 C'mon people , let 's topout the star rating on this one . This little gem needs many more reviews , my wife and I could not believe how excellent this movie turned out to be . The emotions will swing ... from what starts out to be a very humorous movie to a heartwrenching ending . Personally , we love sarcasm and Rory delivers some one liners that had us pausing the DVD so we could stop laughing ... it 's that funny . Some will think Rory is just a punk in a wheelchair , other viewers will think that he feels the world did him wrong . It may be both , but Rory 's idea of living life is n't the same as how a wheelchair fated person is ` supposed ' to live it . He simply wants the most that he can out of life ... is that really any different than how any of us feel?Neither of the main actors were familiar to us so until this morning I did not realize that these two were not disabled at all , unbelievable performances ! Three-quarters of the way through , we actually found ourselves beginning to understand what Steven 's character was saying ... without the interpreter . ***** Very Highly Recommended *****
 This movie is one of my favourite comedy movies ever . Perfectly cast , it grabs your heart and soul from the very first scene . The wit is classic Dublin while displaying an understanding of disability that is refreshing . This movie should be prescribed by all hospitals . . the world would have less depressed and sick people if it were ! 24 carat stuff .
 I loved this movie ! James McAvoy was brilliant ! If you do not enjoy this film then you have no heart and possibly no soul . I suggest watching the alternate endings and extra clips from the menu , they add depth to the movie .
 Persons with special physical conditions are often left with depressing feelings and treatments . This story shows there is a better way .
 I absolutely loved this movie . I was unsure of how I would feel about it . I thought it may just be a sad movie about ill people , but it is not . It is a really great and heart-warming story of these three people.The ending honestly makes me cry . This is such a moving and lovable story.Absolutely recommend .
 I had been waiting to see this movie for six months , and thanks to the kindness of strangers , a showing was arranged on campus . After months of reading reviews and contenting myself with watching the trailer and assorted clips , I finally had the chance to become acquainted with Rory O'Shea . `` Rory O'Shea Was Here '' centers on the lives of two young men trapped in Carrigmore , a Dublin care home `` for special people . '' Lifelong resident Michael Connelly has cerebral palsy , which leaves him with tremors , limited manual dexterity -LRB- he is a wheelchair user -RRB- , and a severe speech impairment . Abandoned by his famous barrister father , quiet , shy Michael is intelligent , but is frustrated by his lack of ability to communicate . He is reduced to pointing at letters on a chart , since his speech comes out as a series of grunts and moans . He has resigned himself to a dull existence at Carrigmore , forced to watch children 's cartoons with the other patients.All of this changes with the arrival of Rory O'Shea , a twenty-year-old punk in a motorized wheelchair , completely paralyzed except for two fingers by advanced Duchenne muscular dystrophy . Rory bursts into placid Carrigmore like an angry whirlwind , all leather , spiked hair , and a nose ring , offering a scathing nonstop commentary . He quickly angers supervisor Eileen -LRB- Brenda Fricker , My Left Foot -RRB- by blasting Slipknot in the middle of the night , and seeks an accomplice to gel his hair once the nurses are banned to do so.Quiet , rule-abiding Michael resents the loud , obnoxious Rory , until he discovers that Rory can understand his laboured speech and act as his interpreter . Michael becomes Rory 's partner in crime as the two sneak off on a pub crawl during a collection , cementing an unlikely friendship and giving Michael a taste of the world outside . Michael is inspired to apply for an independent living grant so that the two can have their own flat and carer -LRB- Rory has been turned down three times for his irresponsibility -RRB- , on the condition that Rory comes with him to serve as interpreter.The rest of the film centers on their adjustments to living on their own , and the daily trials and tribulations the two face . They hire Siobhan , a beautiful young woman that they met at a club , as their live-in carer . At first , the threesome share in good times , feasting on delicacies and going for walks in the park , but the two men soon fall for Siobhan , Michael openly and Rory secretly . We are witness to Michael 's painful humiliation and Rory 's broken heart , hidden by venomous comments and a tough exterior . The growing tension threatens to rip the fabric of their new life apart , but it takes a crisis to show them the meaning of friendship.Rory and Michael teach us important lessons through the tears and smiles
 This movie was so much better than I expected . It is a beautifully told story from every aspect -- writing , directing and very especially acting . I rented this because James McAvoy is brilliant in The Last King of Scotland . Well , he 's brilliant here too ! This guy is the real deal . Like Daniel Craig before him , McAvoy just needs a huge juicy part to become an international superstar . For the moment I 'm thrilled just with his acting . Oh , and he looks damn good too . Even in a wheelchair . Bravo to one and all .
 Character Rory O'Shea is a work of art , clever , mischievous and very funny.a true individual , and a hero on wheels . . but a nightmare for the uptight , rigid institutional staff . Letting them know his true opinion of them with his actions more than his words . The scenes between Rory and staff are hysterical ! The compassion this young guy has for fellow lock-up Michael is very touching , although Rory does use Michael to his own advantage , it 's definitely a great bond between them.Performances of James McAvoy and Steven Robertson is masterful . Played so thoughtfully and naturally.A glimmer in Steven 's eyes binds him well to the character he portrays so powerfully.Lastly the story itself is a great one . It proves that anyone with any kind of limitations should still be allowed all liberties . Amen .
 I really , really enjoyed this movie ! It includes a great cast , terrific acting , and wonderful storyline about two young , wheelchair-bound men , coping with their disabilities and trying to live life as `` normal '' people do . It 's a universal and emotionally provoking film -- a story about love and friendship . It 's funny , engaging , and thoroughly entertaining . By the end of the movie , I was sad to see the credits roll ; I ended up caring about the two main characters ! If you 're looking for a nice comedy-drama , then I highly recommend watching this film.Note
 A new way of life all on their own becomes an exciting reality for Michael , a shy guy in a wheelchair with a speech impediment , and the equally impaired yet loud and clear Rory , as both their independent living grants are finally approved . Rory 's gift of understanding became instrumental in Michael 's freedom from the confines of institutional living . Michael 's tactful application and a suitable apartment they both convinced his now successful father to pay for , allows them to explore the meaning of independence , establishing a friendship between two very different personalities.A beautiful young woman , named Siobhan -LRB- Romola Garai -RRB- agrees to work for them as their independent aide , helping them get settled and caring for them with remarkable devotion . They first met when she rescued them from a fight earlier in the movie during the two guys ' escape to a local pub , spending the collection money they 've just raised that afternoon on drinks with two other women they 've met as Rory 's wicked idea of showing Michael a good time . Rory 's bad manners , intermittent use of profanity , risky behavior , and suggestive sarcasm contrasts sharply with Michael 's modest , shy , and law-abiding demeanor . Yet the two find strength and inspiration in each other as their emotional bond with Siobhan deepens with gratitude and admiration.The three characters complete each other , giving each a sense of higher purpose and meaningful relationship with one another . The three of them share great times together , shopping , going out to the park , listening to music , reading , sharing laughs until the love and tension between them grows to unbearable parameters . Brilliant movie !
 `` Rory O'Shea Was Here '' is one of my favorite movies because of the sheer fact that even though I saw it two years ago , I still think of it frequently - it is a film that is so haunting and powerful that it STICKS with you . The characters are so loveable and relatable , as well as realistically flawed , and the relationships between them are so powerful , that there is no way you can ever forget them . Superb acting , and witty and passionate writing set this film apart from all the rest.Grade
 I was having trouble sleeping one night and saw this movie on the TV and read the info . It looked really interesting . I was right . This movie was so wonderful . It is about being strong and that even those who are less fortunate then others can find great happiness in life . And that those who seem like they have many in fact have not . I truely hope more see this film .
 I have written 3 reviews of this movie and deleted them all becuase I could n't get them to sound right . Bottom line is you will like this movie if you like a little dark humor . Also If anyone knows what song was playing in the club seen please wite it on here . Thanks !!!!
 Rory O'Shea comes into the Carrigmore home for the disabled spike haired and foul mouthed . While his first words are a little crude , I was immediately charmed and could n't help but laugh and be entertained ! He has Muscular Dystrophy and enough personality and spirit for 10 men.Michael Connolly is already a permanent fixture in the home . Having Cerebral Palsy absolutely no one can understand him when he talks . The home tries to have him point to letters on a card , but that just frustrates everyone because it is so time consuming . Michael continues to try to talk to people and when Rory hears and understands him , Michael 's relief and excitement are palpable . And so starts the friendship.Rory is a free spirit and longs to be ` normal ' his biggest dream is to pass the Independent living application , but when he is rejected again due to his reckless behavior all seems lost . Luckily Michael is as smart as he is loving and he comes to the rescue , gaining independent living for the two of them . Free from the home and living on their own , they employ the beautiful and inexperienced Siobhan as their PA.This is probably the most emotional movie I have ever seen , it touches on about every feeling a human can have . I have never been in a wheelchair or handicapped in any way -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- so it is impossible to say I could relate to this movie , but I definitely could sympathize and feel their frustrations . I ca n't imagine what it would be like to have the mind but not the body to do everything you want . These actors were so good I really thought that they were handicapped . I thought they got real people with Cerebral Palsy and Muscular Dystrophy to play the roles.This is both a heartwarming and heartbreaking story . They go through so much together and as two very opposite men they learn a lot , too . I laughed as much as I cried and this was at least a one box of tissue movie . This was a great story and a great movie with fantastic actors .
 Two disabled men find that working together will bring them both closer to the life they wanted and at the same time did not know they could accomplish .
 This movies centers around Michael Connolly and Rory O'Shea . When we first meet Michael , who suffers from cerebral palsy , which effects his speech and uses an electric wheelchair to get around , he 's sitting watching the world go by then into his life comes Rory . Rory suffers from Duchene 's muscular dystrophy , which allows him to only move two fingers of his right hand and his head , and we see that Rory is all bad attitude and cheeky wit . He soon turns things around at The Carrigmore Home for the Disabled much to the dismay of the head of the home , Eileen . He blares his music in the middle of the night , he is rude to Eileen and Annie , the head nurse , and drives Michael crazy by showing up and bugging him . It is during a therapy session that Michael learns that Rory can understand everthing that he says and this starts a friendship that neither of them expected . Rory starts showing Michael there is more to life then sitting in front of a window watching the world go by . -LRB- This is shown by them going off on their own to a pub , nearly getting into a bar fight , meeting Siobhan for the first time and getting into a night club by using wit and cunning . -RRB- You also see there is a difference in their family life . Rory 's father , a middle class man , is loving , caring and is very concern about his son where Michael 's father , who is a high class lawyer , and Michael 's hero , has never come to see him and has just abandoned him . Seeing that Rory has been turned down three times to get housing , Michael decides to apply and turns down speech aides in place of having Rory come to live with him as his interpreter . They get their way and have trouble finding the right place . They turn to the one person Rory thinks will help them . Michael 's father . They get housing and hire Siobhan to help them . A friendship blooms between the three of them and Michael falls in love for the first time . Rory also falls in love but things turn bad when they find out that Siobhan does n't love either of them . Michael and Rory 's friendship nearly ends but Rory convinces Michael not to give up and it takes a crisis to put their friendship back together.This film was very well done and James McAvoy and Steven Robertson did an excellent job .
 I knew nothing about this movie before watching it and I am completely blown away . James McAvoy is a genius , someone give the man an Oscar please!The writing is witty , the acting is superb , the story affecting . I ca n't believe I never even heard of this movie before . I wo n't ruin it for someone who has n't seen it , but please see it , this is a neglected gem .
 Rory O'Shea moves from group home to group home rebelling against authority and rebelling against his handicap . All he has ever wanted is to be treated like everyone else . And when he comes to his latest group home , he meets another resident named Michael , who knows he will never been treated like everyone else . But then a strange thing happens when Rory shows Michael that they need not blindly accept their fates and their wheelchairs and teaches him how to live.If , you had n't heard of Rory O'Shea Was Here , you now have . And if it has been sitting in your queue , wait no longer . This movie has the right amount of creativity , intelligent writing , wit and heartbreak -LRB- almost a little bit modern-dayOne Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest -RRB- . Like I did , hopefully you will care about Rory and Michael ; you will be happy when they laugh and you will even be mad at Rory if you feel he 's pushing Michael too far . I like a movie that can keep me engaged and gets me invested in the lives of its characters . I liked Rory O'Shea Was Here a lot .
 This is a great `` growing up '' sort of movie . While they are n't really growing up so to say , they are gaining the freedom that they want , and have never had the chance to have . The movie is very entertaining , but has a sad sort of reality about it .
 This story is touching and true . This book lets the reader into the mind of a person fighting a parilizing disease . To have fear of confrentation and fear of rejection all at once ! wow ! a must read ! another great book about a man with Muscular dystrophy is : Not All Prisons Have Bars
 I was n't sure what to expect with the summary of the movie but I 'm a big fan of James McAvoy . The movie was great , you connected with each character , you felt their emotions and understood them . Then comes the end . The ending was not what I expected but you felt something was going to happen from the beginning . You just did n't know what . It was very touching and yes I cried -LRB- just a little -RRB- and I was left with the feeling that `` Rory O'Shea was here '' . amazing movie and very well done .
 This is the best movie . I have watched it many times and I still cry everytime . Love it .
 A `` little '' movie definitely worth watching . The cast are all pros , and while the story is a bit predictable at the end , it is most definitely worth your time . ` Nough said .
 This movie is difficult to categorize . It is is happy , sad , funny , etc. so it is hard to know where to start and what to write about . Ultimately I think it is about growth and triumph . The story is about two young men.These two young men , Michael and Rory , happen to be disabled . Michael has been institutionalized from birth , and except for financial support , he has no dealings with his family . He is an innocent who knows nothing of the world . Rory arrives at the home early in the movie . He is from a poor family , but has a dad who cares . Rory is not quite so innocent . : - -RRB- Michael is meek & Rory is full of attitude.Rory is a free spirit who is trapped in an immobile body . When he arrives at the facility Michael knows Rory will be ` trouble ' . Michael soon discovers Rory can understand his speech -LRB- which is illegible to most -RRB- , and the two become friends . They complement & need each other . Most of the movie follows them as they try to live on their own away from the institution & all the joys and sadness which come with that experience.The movie is fairly upbeat , until the end the movie . There is sadness and tragedy in the movie , too . But ultimately the movie is about growth & triumph.Very good performances by the 3 lead characters in this movie .
 This movie is a masterpiece ! I first saw it by accident on HBO and after that I HAD TO BUY IT !!! Ive never seen a movie that could cause such an impact in me . I mean it reallly changed the way I think.The acting was exelent ! I really thought they were disabled and that they were actually going through the situations in the movie because there is such an emotion in the main character 's eyes that makes you feel what theyre feeling . The script and story was so realistic and strong i do n't have enough words to describe it . this movie made me laugh out loud and cry a lot ! Its so funny and at the same time serious . This film was greatly directed too . I think that with a bigger budget and publicity this movie coulve won an oscar!The story is about : Two guys facing more challenges than most people , learn some valuable lessons about life and love in this comedy drama . Michael Connolly -LRB- Steven Robertson -RRB- is a young man in his early twenties who suffers from cerebral palsy ; confined to a wheelchair , Michael 's speech is unintelligible to all but a handful of people , and his situation has made him shy and withdrawn as he spends his days at a home for the disabled in Dublin . One day , a new arrival moves in at the home -- Rory O'Shea -LRB- James McAvoy -RRB- , a lad about Michael 's age who suffers from muscular dystrophy and can only use two fingers on one hand . This , however , has n't stopped Rory from developing a sharp tongue , a quick wit , a taste for alcohol , and the courage to put the moves on any women who crosses his path . Rory can also understand Michael 's attempts at speech , and Rory puts his outsized personality to work encouraging his new friend to become more outgoing and not to let life pass him by , despite his handicaps . In time , Rory and Michael are able to convince Eileen -LRB- Brenda Fricker -RRB- , director of the home , that they should be allowed to get an apartment on their own , and the boys use their stipend to rent a flat and hire an assistant to help with the tasks they ca n't manage . Rory chooses Siobhan -LRB- Romola Garai -RRB- for the job , mainly because she 's blonde and pretty , and she soon becomes attracted to him ; unfortunately , Michael has fallen in love with her , and this leads to a major rift between him and Rory that drives them apart . Screened in the United Kingdom as Inside I 'm Dancing and in the United States as Rory O'Shea Was Here , the film won the Audience Award at the 2004 Edinburgh Film Festival . -LRB- ~ Mark Deming , All Movie Guide -RRB- I HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS MOVIE !!! ITS AN AWESOME COMBINATION OF COMEDY AND DRAMA THAT WILL TOUCH YOUR HEART.But Rory O'shea was here is not only an entertaining movie to watch . This film has a strong message of not giving up , you will always find rocks in your path but you need to overcome them to be succesful . Life is not fair , and it ai n't easy either but just look at how Rory and Michael fight for their happiness against all odds . All my problems seem insignificant when I look at what Rory and Michael had to face.Another important message the movie has is about the disabled people in our society and the need they have to feel equal because they are and we dont always treat them like they deserve to be treated.I could keep writing pages and pages of this film cause I loved it and I think its an excellent work in every possible aspect . This is a MUST SEE and Im sure you will enjoy it as much as I did !
 If you are a fan of `` Die you zombie bastards '' , you 'll love this documentary!All 3 `` Red 's breakfast '' films are here , remastered and tied together with interviews from the cast and filmmakers . If you are into hollywood type popcorn flicks with a 20000000 $ budget and cgi all over the place , this is not for you!This is ultra low-budget filmmaking at its best!Featuring : Red 's breakfast5 min/color/1995Red 's breakfast 2
 I really enjoyed this movie . When I look for movies I avoid the mainstream stuff . And most anything from Asylum Pictures . This is definitely not mainstream . It 's offbeat , unusual and more than a little hinky . And that 's a good thing . Is it perfect ? I 've never seen a perfect movie . But this movie does n't follow a pat formula . It 's creepy , atmospheric and the cast is solid . It 's got Lance Henrikson , Danny Trejo , Gary Hudson and Richard Reihle . Those are names that I look for in movies as a fan of character actors . And it has a brief appearance by a creepy-ass clown . Bonus . It 's not for everyone , granted , but genre fans will be pleased . It 's worth your while to spend a little time with `` Necessary Evil '' . Well done , all .
 Despite the weird cover art this is actually a really good movie-quite creepy and worth watching . Lance Henricksen at his best .
 This is true spellbinding stuff . A Great story , depicting the sad tale of `` Rio '' -LRB- Marlon Brando -RRB- and his quest to get even with the evil Dad Longworth -LRB- Karl Maldon -RRB- for the betrayal of some stolen lute , friendship and trust . The one an only film directed by Marlon Brando , is a film of epic proportions , that twists and turns until you feel eventual sympathy with the `` Rio '' character , after all the nastiness of the ill fated outlaw he once was . Excellently shot using panoramic views of the Pacific Ocean as a backdrop , a stirring film score , taught direction , A moody and magnificent Marlon Brando , The sultry Pina Pellicer , -LRB- who sadly died shortly after the film -RRB- A rousing story ... and I just love the script , This film has it all . A follow up would have been super , but alas it was n't to be . So sit back and enjoy `` One Eyed Jacks '' , and do n't let the critic books put you off . So go on ! Make that saturday night special watch this movie now !
 I watched the VHS version of this movie years ago , and have recently bought two DVD versions on Amazon -- the Brentwood/BCI Eclipse here and the Digiview version . I have a wide screen TV with a high quality blu-ray player which is supposed to raise the resolution of regular DVDs to HD.I 've watched both DVDs , and clearly the Brentwood is the better print.Significantly sharper and true to color considering the age of the movie -LRB- 1961 -RRB- . Both are wide screen , with perhaps an inch or so of black around the borders . The Digiview is slightly blurry -- it says `` made in China '' , which tells you something . The Brentwood is darn good , but watch for the blu-ray version which comes out in November.Perhaps the blu-ray will be off the master , instead of the laser disc , as these older DVDs are.Now , to the movie . I believe Rio is one of Brando 's best , most creative roles , along with Stanley in `` Streetcar '' , Terry in `` Waterfront '' and the Godfather in `` Godfather '' . The guy is an absolute stud at this stage of his career -- with a face like a Greek god.A real presence on the screen . As is his talent for creating a character , renowned from his acting school days . He covers his usual great range of emotions with flawless dynamics and timing -- from some of the most tender , sensitive love scenes he 's ever done with Luisa -LRB- played beautifully by Pina Pellicer , at his direction -RRB- , to the raging bull with his fellow outlaws . The film is aided by an exceptional cast featuring Karl Malden in one of his best roles as the bad guy , Dad , who deserts his friend , Rio -LRB- he and Marlon were the best of friends for 50 years in real life -RRB- , and also Ben Johnson , Katy Jurado and a host of excellent character actors . The cinematography is breathtaking , with the backdrop of the Pacific ocean in on-location scenes . And then there 's the musical score -- one of best , most romantic in all films -- by Hugo Friedhofer . Friedhofer , by the way , also did the orchestrations for the classic movie `` Casablanca . '' `` One-Eyed Jacks '' has become a cult film . It is said to bridge the old style 50s westerns with the new-style anti-hero spaghetti westerns of the 60s and later . It is apparently Martin Scorcese 's favorite Western -- which is enough to gain it some notoriety . It grows on you . You watch it a few times , and the performances start to sharpen , the scenery becomes more breathtaking , and the music starts to move you -- especially in the tender romantic scenes between Rio and Luisa . Brando had that feminine , vulnerable side to him that all the great ones have , and it shows up in these scenes . Was he , too , revealing his other `` Eye '' when he came clean with Luisa about the jewelry?It is said that Brando 's direction resulted in a 4 + hour film which had to be cut by editors to the final 141 minutes . That 's a lot of cutting . Brando 's ending had Luisa killed in the last shootout by Dad 's last shot . In fact , you can see her slumped over a bit on her horse as she rides out of town with Rio . The next scene , which was reshot later after the ending change , shows her riding more upright on her horse.Malden said Brando 's original ending was better -- it would have heightened the power and irony of the film . But 4 + hours ? No . The editors did a good job , in my view , with the cutting , regardless of which ending.It 's still a great film -- Luisa dead or alive.A word about Brando 's view of the film
 It is very frustrating when reviewers do not specify which version of the film they are reviewing , or in some cases distinguish between the film and the medium they watched it on . In the case of One-Eyed Jacks , there are at least seven different DVDs to choose between , yet all reviews are the same for each version . So , which version is trash and which is not ?? PS . My star rating applies to the FILM , not any DVD , as I have only seen the film on TV.Where the hell did I mention voting buttons ?
 One Eyed Jacks , along with A Streetcar Named Desire , represent the very best of the genius of Brando . He not only starred in One Eyed Jacks , but directed it . It is a classic Western in theme , but is surprisingly romantic . He is Rio , a bank robber and gunman , on a path of revenge . It has a beautiful score and was shot in Monterey , CA , and is both sweeping and gritty . Brando 's performance is sexy , powerful , magnetic and compelling . There is lack of continuity in several insert shots , so unfortunately it has a rough cut feel in some places . It has not been digitally remastered and restored . This is an important film that deserves to be updated so that its beauty can be fully enjoyed .
 So the word had come down from on high . The mandarins have spoken , and the outline of Brando 's career has begun to take form . In brief , he was a flash in the pan
 If you have been reading the reviews of this DVD , you no doubt have noticed the complaints about the DVD transfer . There are approximately 10 `` production '' houses that market this movie , all claiming Digital Gold Collection , Digital Remastered . I bought both the Alpha Studios -LRB- ASIN B00005RERU -RRB- and the Unicorn -LRB- ASIN B00005UM42 -RRB- . The Alpha release is the worst transfer I have ever seen . To borrow a great line from the movie `` Do n't be doin ' her like that . '' Total grainy 8mm projector quality . The worst.The Unicorn release is much better , very near typical DVD video quality . The picture on the case has only a close-up of a scowling Brando wearing a sombero with half of his face shaded -LRB- ala One Eyed Jack -RRB- . The movie itself is on a level with Shane , Red River , The Man who Shot Liberty Valence , and Nevada Smith ... although I hesitate comparing any Western or any movie to Shane . Ben Johnson , Slim Pickens , Karl Malden , Pina , Katy , Marlon Brando ... It does n't get much better than this.I really ca n't add any details of the movie , out of respect to those who have yet to see it . Great story , Great cast , Great location , and absolutely GREAT lines.Deserves 5 stars , but the quality of the Alpha print is so bad , it detracts from the character , mood , and atmosphere of the movie . GO FOR THE UNICORN RELEASE ON AMAZON.Mysterious DVD release ... 10 studios marketing a classic movie so cheaply , with only a few , perhaps one , studios approaching even typical video quality .
 I picked this up after reading about it in the bios after Brando 's death . Great flick.Malden vs. Brando scenes are fantastic . Malden makes such a great complex villian and Brando ranks right up there with James Dean as the ultimate rebel.Several stories in one flick.The friendship of Brando and the Mexican he excapes with.The revenge story.The pyschoanalysis of Malden 's character and what happens to someone who betrays , not just a one dimensional character.The Slim Pickens vs. Brando subplot.The whole Ben Johnson bank robbery aspect.The love story.Unlike other reviews I read here , I thought Brando 's love interest gave an excellent performance . I 'm glad the film resisted the cliches of Malden 's final shot ... killing one of the main characters at the end .
 This is one of the greatest Westerns ever made , and the only film that Marlon Brando ever directed . For that reason , it 's worth seeing even in this inferior quality Blu-Ray edition . Be warned , the picture quality is n't up to Blu-Ray standards and the English audio track -- which you have to select from the menu since this is a German disc and the default audio track is German dubbed -- is just ever so slightly out of synch with the picture . The substandard picture quality is a particular shame since this classic film was magnificently photographed on the rocky Big Sur coast -LRB- rare for a Western -RRB- in Vista Vision . Perhaps some day another company will bring out the Blu-Ray edition this film deserves -- are you listening Criterion ? In the meantime , this is the only version currently on the market and since it 's inexpensive , if you 've never seen this film then it 's worth the money . It 's just a magnificent Western from every perspective -- first rate direction by Brando , superb script by the gifted novelist Calder Willingham who rewrote an early draft by Sam Peckinpah , and unforgettable performances by all of the lead actors -- especially Brando , Karl Malden , the great Ben Johnson , Slim Pickens , and the famously eccentric character actor Timothy Carey who reportedly made Brando so angry that Brando stabbed him with a pen off camera . Emotions must have carried over from their barroom fight scene , which is an epic confrontation .
 I have always considered this film one of Marlon Brando 's best , possibly because I love a well-written Western , the likes of which are far and few between now ; and is the main reason why I revisited this one after all these years . It is worth the revisit.The story line , as in many before it , begins with the classic double-cross . Partners in crime , an older outlaw , -LRB- Karl Maldin -RRB- and a younger one -LRB- Brando -RRB- rob what will be their last bank together and in the ensuing chase , are brought down on a hill when one of the horses is shot out from under them . The posse swarming below , Brando stays to defend himself while Maldin takes the sound horse and makes good his escape , and the double-cross has begun handsomely.After Brando escapes from prison and aided by another escapee , he plots revenge and sets out to track Maldin down . He doggedly searches the `` honkey tonks and bars '' , finds word of Maldin and ultimately locates Maldin himself , resplendent in political security as a powerful figurehead in a magnificent little Coastal town , married to a fading Spanish beauty , Katy Jurado , and very successfully practicing a charade as a family man . He does n't need to see his old abused partner hover on the horizon after all this time , but there he is and he needs to deal with him . As they size each other up again , in magnificent hypocritical `` glad to see you '' jousting , they both start forming their opposing plans.Pina Pellicer turned in what I felt was an absolutely superb performance in her part as Karl Malden 's untouched , honest and genteel step daughter - in fact , she developed her role far beyond what it actually was designed to do . This girl , while of no great beauty , had the potential to be a character actress extraordinaire , which unfortunately was never fulfilled in her own life . Katy Jurado , in the supporting role , is quiet in `` carefully cultivated elegance '' belying her past - as the still-beautiful , world wise and anxious mother of Pina , a mother who recognizes all the signs and symptoms as her daughter begins to fall for the handsome desperado she knows nothing about but suspects the worst - because she herself has been there twenty years before.The photography alone is worth watching the film . And Karl Maldin is undoubtedly one of the elite character actors of his time ; a guy who can make a villain come to life right before your eyes .
 This is a really enjoyable movie . I am a Brando fan and really enjoy the older stuff . Fun to hear Brando say , '' ... you scum suckin ' pig . ''
 one of under rated western classics by Marlon Brando . Great performance with amazing screen play that has been brought to life by amazing actors . A movie ahead of its time in terms of story line .
 This is the widescreen format and it fits my HDTV perfectly ; the quality of the picture was equally good . I rented this movie 3 years ago at Net-flix and the quality was horrible.I believe this is Marlon Brando 's first attempt at directing . I really enjoyed this movie but it is very slow moving . Even so , with Ben Johnson , Carl Malden , and Marlon Brando , Jacks is one of the best movies of its day . Brando is still young enough to play the romantic lead convincingly , Malden is both vile and believable , and Ben Johnson is a wildcard opportunist of the lowest kind.This is a great two hour and twenty minute yarn for a rainy night .
 Im 60 and have seen many films . This is my favorite . Not because of the plot . . its ok , but the cast is the best . Brando is my all time favorite . Malden can hold his own with anyone in this type of picture , and the rest , but Ben Johnson is the standout for me . When he blanches in the cabin on the ocean when Brando throws the table . Its one of the best scenes in any movie I , ve ever seen . I saw the movie when it first came out . . bought the VHS a few years ago and keep it in the safe . I watch it once a year weather I need to or not .
 Folks , the average review for this movie is 3 of 5 , and that is ridiculous . This is a western Classic to be sure for the following reasons . The outstanding performances turned in by two Hollywood legends as well as a tremendous supporting cast . Also , this DVD has a solid story that acts as a foundation that carries the movie throughout . The sub-plots include revenge , forbidden love , betrayal , and greed . All of this and we have n't even discussed that this movie has some of the greatest outdoor scenes ever put on film . This is not your typical western with the typical 50 's sterotypes . This story introduces us to the anti-hero before that term became vougue some years later . This is a must see DVD for anyone who loves westerns .
 Edge of your seat action all the way through . It 's the kind of film that you think about for several days after you see it ! The beautiful scenery along the California coast was worth the price of the movie . The love story was as intense as the action . Brando was perfection ! We thought the Blu-Ray disc was fine and had no trouble with it . All we had to do was change language from German to English and that was simple . We are so glad we did not listen to a few bad reviews and miss out on this gem ! Bottom line `` We Loved It ''
 This is one of the best western 's ever made.When OEJ was released it was bashed by critics everywhere.If the film seems a bit cut up , that 's because Brando 's director 's cut as submitted to universal was 4hrs and 30 minutes long.Universal studio editors took Brand 's film and cut it to peices.Even cut up and incomplete OEJ stands a Brando 's expensive , slowly made , masterpiece , loved by avid western fans , hated by studio execs because of it 's price tag , and because the visual perfection and awesome cast of the film , along with the the excellant script , cinematogrophy , and a underplayed but riveting performance by Brando . . resented if not doomed by the boys in the front office , who considered it excessive and over the top for a first time director.Critics were viscious , attacking OEJ as a pretensious , flop.That was in 1960 . Forget that Kubrick was originally hired to direct the film , as well as Elvis to play the Rio Kid.Kubrick dropped OEJ because of script issues , Elvis dropped OEJ because The Rio Kid was a little too provocative for him.Enter Brando . . he was willing to direct and star in OEJ.The OEJ project geared up again , Brando brought in some of his buddies , Karl Malden , Slim Pickens , Ben Johnson , Wally Cox and Katy Jurado , to play the various characters found in the rather long story of revenge . . next Brando built an exact replica of Monterey city circa 1880 . The Monterey set was expensive to build.It set the stage for over-budget spending that plagued the project from day one.Then shooting began , it continued at a turtle 's pace.Brando the perfectionist came out , he re-shot scenes up to 20 times , which drew heavily on the already strained budget.The movie industry waited with attentive curiosity.Brando completed the film in August 1959 . He edited most of the film himself.The final director 's cut was 4hr 23minutes long.Studio Execs called it too long and demanded it be cut to about 2 hours , Brando refused any further editing changes to OEJ saying it was perfect and any changes would change the continuity of the film.The final cut put OEJ at 2hr and 20 minutes.The story line was altered into fragments of the original.It 's modified slow pace made the film seem long and often boring.OEJ was the biggest bomb of 1960 . The cast , thinking they were working on a classic , were bitter toward the Universal execs who had Brando 's Western edited with such relish , the film was at times not recognizable even to some members of the cast.Actually , OEJ is a great Western , one of the best ever made.How can this be , in 1960 it was a miserable failure?When the word got out that Brando was going to direct a western for universal studios , and it would have a great cast , large budget , and the best technical personnel in the business working behind the scenes , everyone . . execs , reporters , and the public in general awaited the release of OEJ to hopefully see the film and Brando fail.It was released and it failed many of the attacks on the film were based on jealousy for Brando.Brando was a revolutionary actor who redefined acting , in doing so , he had rocked lots of boats.OEJ was the visual proof of `` what goes around comes around '' . The critics of the day hated the film not because OEJ was a bad film so much as it was a chance to bash Brando.His talent urked the best of them.Roger Ebert called OEJ `` certainly one of the best of the genre , with perghaps one of the best scripts ever in action cinema '' . Even edited to death , Brando had made a great film.Today it stands as a film ahead of its time . `` Every frame is created by a master director who learned much from the great directors of his day `` OEJ has one of the best casts ever assembled in cinema.The cinematography is the best , the script is better than the best and Brando gives one of his finest , most complex performances as the Rio Kid .
 Besides the magnificent cinematography -LRB- wich makes me dream of being there , in Mexico -RRB- , the inovative direction of Mr. Brando and the inteligent plot , one thing amazed me most
 I have watched the several years ago , but I must have waited more than 7days to view it again.But i really likedit the first time I viewed it.This is the only movie Brando directed I Loved it very much when I first saw it .
 I last saw this film when it was first out in theaters ... I enjoyed it then and am very pleased I 've included this Marlon Brando western as part of my collection . Other Brando westerns on my list are Appaloosa and a somewhat disturbing Missouri Breaks . Even if you 're not a great Brando fan , his western endeavors are worth the price .
 One-Eyed jacks is a western starring Brando & directed ; by him aswell . Story line is good-Brando 's friend Karl Malden plays hisrole to a tee!Of course Brando is Brando-top acting ! Ca n't go wrong with this flick .
 Quality of the DVD was good and arrived on time . No complaints - was n't expecting perfection . The movie is a classic tale of deception between the two old friends , played by Brando and Malden . It 's well acted and memorable . Katy Jurado was beautiful . Highly recommended .
 In an era during which the western movie was simply tuckered-out - tired of endless TV series ' that chanted the same worn diatribe - and audiences searched for and demanded something different - along came `` One-Eyed Jacks '' ... featuring one listless , troubled , mumbling loner - fretting , ruminating , and deliberating ... see , you actually can describe him with something other than `` brooding '' ! No one besides Marlon Brando , as Rio , could have portrayed this man of few words - with tender , endearing lines , like - `` You get up - you big tub o'guts ! '' , `` Get up , you scum-sucking pig ! '' , and - `` You gob of spit ! '' Along with an equally colorful actor - Karl Malden , as the dispicable `` Dad '' Longworth , there is a relationship between these two men seared in the fires of deep , infesting hatred and forged in revenge.In a friendship marred by bitter betrayal and hyprocrisy , two former tequila-saturated , bank-robbing buddies finally separate when surrounded by Mexican troops . But , when his mentor , Longworth , fails to come back to rescue him - having been dispatched to locate horses for their getaway and leaves him for capture and a long prison term , Rio just wants to settle the score . He soon learns that his former buddy is now Sheriff `` Dad '' Longworth in Monterey , California - which just happens to be the location of the next bank that Rio and his new compadres are about to rob - the stage for sweet revenge.With the fragile and lovely Pina Pellicer as Rio 's love interest , Louisa , the solid Katy Jurado as her mother , Mrs. Longworth , and great character actors like Ben Johnson , Sam Gilman , and Larry Duran as Rio 's new bank-robbing friends - along with Slim Pickens as the reprehensible Deputy Lon Dedrick and including notable appearances by Elisha Cook , Jr. , Ray Teal , and the amazing Timothy Carey - the supporting stock in this picture elevates it to cult classic status . Now , add the haunting and memorable score by Hugo Friedhofer - and you have a truly wonderful motion picture that deserves the careful and diligent restorative techniques of a powerhouse like - say Criterion - to remaster it completely.Filmed chiefly against the backdrop of Monterey , California with its rockbound shores and crashing sea rollers - it was a refreshing change to see a location other than some wind-swept , border town surrounded by paper-mache saguaro cacti . What makes this film different is the carefully designed , chess-like series of ploys as Rio and `` Dad '' Longworth position themselves for the inevitable showdown . SPOILER ALERT
 No review . Given the reviews , why has n't someone done a better transfer to DVD ?
 The above title refers not only to the film , but to the transfer as well -LRB- digiview -RRB- The platinum corp print is slight ahead in detail but both are better than anything I knew even existed.If such a master source does exist , where is criterion to perfect the production ?
 Theatrical Release
 I also have the $ 1 DVD from Walmart , and the back is mislabeled . Do n't let it fool you , it 's widescreen and the transfer is great quality .
 Confused by the contradictory reports on the Digiview Productions release of `` One-Eyed Jacks '' found here in the Amazon customer reviews , I invested the few dollars to see for myself . Here 's the scoop . It does say Full Frame version on the jewel case , but IT IS THE WIDESCREEN VERSION INSIDE . I have been purchasing different versions of this movie on DVD for years now , looking for a good transfer , and this is , by far , the BEST TRANSFER of the film released to date . The reviewer who suspects this is from the old laser edition is probably correct . If you 're a fan of this film , you must must own this version . Good news , the price is right !
 This is very pensive filmmaking here . ONE-EYED JACKS is quite unique and very memorable under Brando 's direction . He demonstrates several innovative camera movements that move the story quite fluidly along . I like this film . It is visually very atmospheric and moody . Cinematographer Charles Lang 's images are extremely evocative of mankind 's inner restlessness against good and evil set against a beautiful but sometimes foreboding environment . Composer Hugo Friedhofer 's score is brilliantly moving and contemplative . It does not play out like a traditional Western or tale of revenge . The final confrontation is anti-climatic but what leads up to the film 's conclusion is mesmerizing . The images and some of the obscure dialogue are very memorable and haunting . The outstanding cast includes Karl Malden , Ben Johnson , Katy Jurado , Pina Pellicer , Slim Pickens , Elisha Cook Jr. and Rodolfo Acosta . It is definitely a good film and worth repeated viewing . This DVD version is the not one of the best .
 One-Eyed Jacks is a very good movie . Unfortunatly it is a very poor DVD . I have actually bought this film twice . The first time I bought it on VHS and I was very disappointed with the picture and sound quality . When I found it on DVD I should have realized that the inexpensive price meant another poor version , but I thought since it was on DVD it must be remastered . It is not and was not . In fact this is the worst DVD I have ever seen it terms of picture and sound quality . It is too bad because Marlon Brando , in the only picture he ever directed , has created a film worth seeing . Hopefully some company will realize this and give us films fans a version we can enjoy .
 This review refers to the BCI Eclipse -LRB- Brentwood Home Video -RRB- DVD edition of `` One Eyed Jacks '' -LRB- 1961 -RRB- ... `` One Eyed Jacks '' , is the first and only film directed by Marlon Brando.It 's a great western adventure with lots of action , romance and some great scenery.The story is a captivating one . Brando -LRB- `` Rio '' -RRB- stars with Karl Malden -LRB- `` Dad Longworth '' -RRB- as two bank robbers on the run from the Federales in Mexico , They are pinned down and only one can get away to get fresh horses for their escape . Dad is the one to go , but greed gets the best of him . He takes off with the loot and leaves Rio to be captured , and sent to a Mexican Jail for 5 long years . He escapes and goes looking for Dad , finally finding him in Monterey , California , where `` Dad '' is now a tough Sheriff and has a beautiful step-daughter , Louisa . The action and the romance heat up along the beautiful California coastline as Rio is bent on revenge and falls for the beautiful Louisa.Pina Pellicer won a Best Actress for her role as Louisa at the Sebastion International Film Festival , and Charles Lang was nominated for the exquiste cinematography . The film also stars Katy Jurado -LRB- always wonderful -RRB- , and western legends Slim Pickens and Ben Johnson.The music by Hugo Friedhofer is beautiful and captures the essence of the story.This DVD by BCI is a decent transfer of this 42 year old film.There is not much sign of age . It 's not as pristeen as you would expect from a big studio release , but you ca n't go wrong for the price . The colors are nice -LRB- although a bit dated -RRB- and dialouge clear.The California coastline looks very inviting.This film may also be purchased in a 4 film set of western legends.Great American Western V. 10 , Thewhich also includesThe Over The Hill Gang/Over the hill Gang Rides Again and The Deadly Companions -LRB- early Peckinpah -RRB- This is classic Brando ... enjoy ... Laurie
 If you like slow-burning westerns with phenomenal acting , this is one to see . Marlon Brando , who starred and directed , is magnificent as a brooding outlaw named Rio . After five years in a Mexican prison , Rio is on the prowl for his former partner , Dad Longworth , who betrayed him after a bank holdup . He discovers that Longworth has become a wealthy sheriff in a small coastal town . Rio makes his presence known , biding his time and allowing his former buddy to believe that the past is forgotten . But he runs into some trouble while in town . Longworth takes the opportunity to smash Rio 's gun hand in a public display , then has him thrown in prison to be hanged . We 're left wondering how Rio will ever get his revenge.Martin Scorcese has described this as his favorite western . Rod Serling -LRB- `` Twilight Zone '' -RRB- worked on the first draft of the script , then Sam Peckinpah -LRB- `` The Wild Bunch '' -RRB- was hired to rewrite it . Stanley Kubrick was the director , but was later replaced by star Marlon Brando . This is Brando 's first and only stint as a director , and though it is n't perfect , it 's darn good . He does tend to let scenes drag on a little long , and there were some tedious parts that probably should have been left out , but I 'd say about 75-80 percent of this film hits the mark.As an actor , Brando dominates virtually every scene , drawing you in , making you feel what he 's feeling . His character is a real son-of-a-b * tch , a liar and a scoundrel , but you come to empathize and root for him by the end . Pina Pellicer , who plays Rio 's love interest Louisa , is a very fine actress who holds her own opposite Brando . She looks like a Mexican Audrey Hepburn . There really were no weak actors . Karl Malden , who played Longworth , is appropriately two-faced , a real `` one-eyed jack '' . The dialogue is very authentic . I 've seen westerns where they talk like modern day folks , but in `` One-Eyed Jacks '' the dialect is pure 19th century outlaw . It 's great to hear Brando call some guy a `` scum-sucking pig '' or a `` big tub of guts '' . I like westerns , and this is one of the best that I 've seen . It 's slow-paced , but it 's so good that I did n't mind . It 's very character-driven , which I like . It 's great to see Brando in his prime . Released in 1961 , this film had a significant influence on the revisionist westerns -LRB- Sergio Leone , etc. -RRB- , which started around the mid-1960s . Thumbs up for `` One-Eyed Jacks '' ! -LRB- There are numerous versions of this movie floating around , but from what I 've read Unicorn Studio 's is the one to get . -RRB-
 We all know that this movie , One Eyed Jacks is a brilliant movie with Marlon Brando . And it is directed by the man himself . The entire movie , storyline and acting is still way ahead of many a today 's movie . I have seen many a version of this dvd and the quality has been terrible , unwatchable . However , the DIGIVIEW version of '' One Eyed Jacks '' is the best I have ever seen . The standard of the '' natural '' colour is very high . Even on my 46 '' Toshiba LCD TV , the quality is still very high.It is still lacking sharpness to detail compared to the best digitally re-mastered movies . This version is DEFINITELY WIDESCREEN with a 16:9 ratio -LRB- 1:78:1 -RRB- the same ratio as today 's widescreen TV 'S . -LRB- others have commented on this fact and it 's quality , and their comments of the DIGIVIEW version are accurate -RRB- . I have given it four stars because : - -LRB- 1 -RRB- a fantastic Marlon Brando Movie , still superior to many of today 's movies -LRB- 2 -RRB- The high standard of '' natural '' colour . -LRB- 3 -RRB- DIGIVIEW WIDESCREEN 16:9 RATIO.I can not give it five stars because it is still lacking in sharpness of detail viewed on a 46 '' Toshiba LCD TV . I am looking forward to a first class re-mastering version of this dvd . Surely with Marlon Brando 's popularity , someone should do it soon .
 `` One Eyed Jacks '' , is the first and only film directed by Marlon Brando.It 's a great western adventure with lots of action , romance and some great scenery.The story is a captivating one . Brando -LRB- `` Rio '' -RRB- stars with Karl Malden -LRB- `` Dad Longworth '' -RRB- as two bank robbers on the run from the Federales in Mexico , They are pinned down and only one can get away to get fresh horses for their escape . Dad is the one to go , but greed gets the best of him . He takes off with the loot and leaves Rio to be captured , and sent to a Mexican Jail for 5 long years . He escapes and goes looking for Dad , finally finding him in Monterey , California , where `` Dad '' is now a tough Sheriff and has a beautiful step-daughter , Louisa . The action and the romance heat up along the beautiful California coastline as Rio is bent on revenge and falls for the beautiful Louisa.Brando does an excellent job directing and uses the Coastline as a character . Pina Pellicer won a Best Actress for her role as Louisa at the Sebastion International Film Festival , and Charles Lang was nominated for the exquiste cinematography . The film also stars Katy Jurado -LRB- always wonderful -RRB- , and western legends Slim Pickens and Ben Johnson.The music by Hugo Friedhofer is beautiful and captures the essence of the story.This film may also be purchased in a 4 film set of western legends . `` Legends of the West '' -LRB- BCI -RRB- includes this one with `` The Sundowners '' starring Robert Preston and Robert Sterling , `` The Big Trees '' starring Kirk Douglas , and `` Vengeance Valley '' with Burt Lancaster and Robert Walker.This transfer of this 42 year old film -LRB- on the BCI set -RRB- is more then decent . . There is not much sign of age . It 's not as pristeen as you would expect from a big studio release , but a most enjoyable view . The colors are nice -LRB- although a bit dated -RRB- and dialouge clear.The California coastline looks very inviting -LRB- see my review of the set for film transfers qualities of the other three films -RRB- This is classic Brando ... enjoy ... Laurie
 Five stars for the film , three for the transfer . these comments are for the platinum disc corporation edition and thats important to know because while i have not viewed every dvd edition of one eyed jacks , you might be able to guess as i did that they are not all equal . As one reviewer noted , this one is a little soft and slightly dark but the images are clean and the color while slightly muted , takes on a kind of rembrantian hue and darkness ; but not so dark as to spoil the color or mood . in some odd way it improves on the theme of the film.But it is not sharp ; i dont think you will find that anywhere you look for this gem . If the definition of a classic is a film with at least five memorable scenes in it , you can not deny , one eyed jacks , though over long and uneven in parts , is a true american classic , with our finest modern screen actor at the top of his game .
 THIS REVIEW IS FOR BRENTWOOD RELEASE . -LRB- Brando is hilding gun and facing left -RRB- The quality is rather good for a non-anamorphic release . It is on par with any dvd that has not had the any major restoration or anamorphic treatment . Better than video by a long shot -LRB- and leaps and bounds better than regular tv broadcast -RRB- . What more do ya want for so little ? Some people are so fixated on the quality that they ruin the film for themslves . It 's not a new release nor is it a hugely popular film so the studios did not throw tons of money into the release . Stop yer whinning and watch the !! # $ $ $ % movie.AS FOR THE FILM : This is the the best western ever ! Brando directs and stars in this great film . Scorsese has stated that this is his favorite western . Terry Gilliam places this film in his 10 favorite films list . Marlon shot over a million feet of film !!! - a world record . He took over the directing position from Stanley Kubrick belive it or not . It is said they were not able to see things eye to eye . As much as I love Kubrick 's work I do n't think he could have done better.This film is so much more than a revenge/love story . Brando performance is outstanding . His complex charactor is as real as any performance on film . His wit , charm and rage are palpable . It deals with his inner turmoil as a man . Something that few films achieve or bother to deal with . The supporting actors are fantastic as well.Do yourself a favour and buy this today . At this price it is a no brainer .
 Talk about a great western , I think Clint Eastwood got a lot from Brando 's only directed pic ! The story kept it 's pace and a great love story . But what I loved about what Marlon did was use Latin actors not Anglos pretending to be Latino ! And not done in a stereotypical way either which is really rare for 1961 ! Warning the version I saw had no subtitles so if you know Spanish then it 's fine but if you do n't , then brush up :-RRB- or you can view from the acting what is going on . Absolutely fantastic , Marlon Brando should had directed more flicks !
 Got the Widescreen version of One Eyed Jacks from Diamond Entertainment a week ago . Its great for 6.99 . No extras though but didnt expect any . Maybe one day Paramount will release it and it will be better but for now if you dont want to wait , get the Diamond Entertainment version .
 Brando is at his best in this film he directed . Karl Malden is wonderful as Dad Longworth . I love the expressions on their faces and the dialogue is great !
 This moody Western is a film about betrayal and revenge directed by Marlon Brando . Brando 's focus here is on characters . The way they walk , talk , eat , drink , dress , kill and die is poetic , enigmatic and disturbing under Brando 's direction . This film is filled with overly beautiful photography and highly detailed sets.The film 's opening credits seen over Hugo Friedhofer 's score seem very traditional . As the camera moves into the bank it soon becomes apparent that images can be quite deceiving . In a film full of deceit and betrayal Brando 's allegorical style slowly becomes clear . A strange and uneasy film it is remains offbeat yet very captivating .
 Brando directed this fantastic Western.He got a great preformance out of himself aswell.Brando ` s verion of the film never made it out.it was apparently5 hours long.But it ` s still a great movie.It would of been nice to Kubrick ` s verion of it because he was originally going to direct this film but was fired .
 This is very contemplative filmmaking here . ONE-EYED JACKS is quite unique and very impressive under Brando 's direction . He demonstrates several innovative camera movements that move the story quite fluidly along . I like this film . It is visually very atmospheric and moody . Cinematographer Charles Lang 's images are extremely evocative of mankind 's inner restlessness against good and evil set against a beautiful but sometimes foreboding environment . Composer Hugo Friedhofer 's score is brilliantly moving and contemplative . It does not play out like a traditional Western or tale of revenge . The final confrontation is anti-climatic but what leads up to the film 's conclusion is mesmerizing . The images and some of the obscure dialogue are very memorable and haunting . The outstanding cast includes Karl Malden , Ben Johnson , Katy Jurado , Pina Pellicer , Slim Pickens , Elisha Cook Jr. and Rodolfo Acosta . It is definitely a good film and worth repeated viewing . This DVD version is the not one of the best .
 This is very pensive filmmaking here . 1961 's ONE-EYED JACKS is quite unique and very memorable under Brando 's direction . He demonstrates several innovative camera movements that move the story quite fluidly along . I like this film . It is visually very atmospheric and moody . Cinematographer Charles Lang 's images are extremely evocative of mankind 's inner restlessness against good and evil set against a beautiful but sometimes foreboding environment . Composer Hugo Friedhofer 's score is brilliantly moving and contemplative . It does not play out like a traditional Western or tale of revenge . The final confrontation is anti-climatic but what leads up to the film 's conclusion is mesmerizing . The images and some of the obscure dialogue are very memorable and haunting . The magnificent cast includes Karl Malden , Ben Johnson , Katy Jurado , Pina Pellicer , Slim Pickens , Elisha Cook Jr. and Rodolfo Acosta . It is definitely a good film and worth repeated viewing . This DVD version is the not one of the best .
 This is very pensive filmmaking here . 1961 's ONE-EYED JACKS is quite unique and very memorable under Brando 's direction . He demonstrates several innovative camera movements that move the story quite fluidly along . I like this film . It is visually very atmospheric and moody . Cinematographer Charles Lang 's images are extremely evocative of mankind 's inner restlessness against good and evil set against a beautiful but sometimes foreboding environment . Composer Hugo Friedhofer 's score is brilliantly moving and contemplative . It does not play out like a traditional Western or tale of revenge . The final confrontation is anti-climatic but what leads up to the film 's conclusion is mesmerizing . The images and some of the obscure dialogue are very memorable and haunting . The outstanding cast includes Karl Malden , Ben Johnson , Katy Jurado , Pina Pellicer , Slim Pickens , Elisha Cook Jr. and Rodolfo Acosta . It is definitely a good film and worth repeated viewing . This DVD version is the not one of the best .
 A project that originally had Stanley Kubrick attached to direct . This Western is a little slow in starting , but once it gets going , it 's one of the best in the genre . And Brando once again teams with his acting partner Karl Malden from Streetcar Named Desire and On the Waterfront . This was before Brando started going off the deep end as he did in such films as Missouri Breaks .
 Marlon Brando is his legendary charismatic self , if a bit methody , in `` One-Eyed Jacks '' . Brando , as director , does a good but not solid job here . The story could have been tightened up a bit . The story concerns a bank robber , Kid Rio -LRB- Brando -RRB- and his cohort , Dad Longworth -LRB- Karl Malden -RRB- on the run from Mexican police after robbing a bank there . After losing one of their horses Longworth is supposed to use the one remaining horse to retrieve another . Instead , he makes off with the gold they 've stolen and leaves Rio to the police . Five years later , upon escaping a Mexican prison , Rio vows revenge on Longworth . On finding him , Rio discovers that Longworth is the respected sherriff of Monterey , California with a wife and beautiful step-daughter . The story is a good one and the coastal photography here is gorgeous . I did n't find Malden to be that formidable a baddy , though . Good support is given here by Ben Johnson and Slim Pickens . Timothy Carey , a veteran of Kubrick films , plays a lout that Brando tangles with in a hotel . Also of note is that prior to taking the directorial reigns , Stanley Kubrick was attached to this film but had a falling out with Brando .
 This is a great film with unusual visual and story elements . Brando is superb and Karl Malden possibly better in this fairly complex and character driven revenge western . Do n't expect wall to wall action and shoot-outs because you will be disappointed . This is a thinking man 's western with several themes explored through tremendous acting on the part of the cast . That being said about the film , let me just say that out of the seven to ten DVD versions available perhaps one or two are watchable . Why Paramount would not invest a little money into THE overlooked film of arguably our greatest American film actor is beyond me . Give the public a cleaned up print of this film and a little advertising based purely on Brando 's reputation and they just might make some money off of it . As it stands the film will continue to be maligned and overlooked due to the atrocious DVD transfers that proliferate every video store and drugstore bargain bin . Good luck finding a good version . I watched it on the Diamond Entertainment version in letterbox and it was a fairly good transfer of an unrestored late 1961 film . It would be a wonderful thing to see this film restored with some of that lost million foot of footage Brando shot included in a DVD package . Ah but to dream . Brando deserves better .
 How about putting both `` One Eyed Jacks '' and `` The Apoloosa '' -LRB- Stuck with three other non-westerns -RRB- together in all their `` WIDESCREEN '' spendor ? Both of these great westerns have gotten what Rodney Dangerfield would always get , `` No respect '' .
 I found this disc -LRB- the VINA Distributor brand -RRB- at a discount clearence type store for $ 2.99 . I had an OK full screen copy of One Eyed Jacks , but it had washed out color , and bad sound -LRB- I got it at a dollar store -RRB- . This disc has Brando in profile on the front with some bad cut-and-paste clip art playing cards , the jack of spades , and the jack of hearts . Both have some digital flames on the top edge . There is '' *** Leonard Maltin '' under the title , and '' Never Double-Cross A Partner ! '' in some stupid looking font . This disc is in widescreen letterbox -LRB- not anamorphic -RRB- and claims on the box to have Dolby Digital sound . It is the cleanest picture of this movie I have ever seen . My other copy has scratches in a lot of scenes , this one has no scratches that I could see . The sound was very clear , and had no hiss or pops , like the other one . There are no features exept a chapter menu . A lot of reviewers on Amazon for this Awesome movie say that the disc they bought is bad , but never give the name of the distributor . I got lucky I guess , two DVD 's only $ 3.99 invested and I got a good one.Movie = Ten Stars -LRB- out of Five -RRB- DVD = Four Stars -LRB- out of Five -RRB-
 I think the best part was when Brando told Malden that he had been in prison and Malden didnt believe him and tossed the whole thing off . Brando knew it would be hopeless to convince `` Dad '' of the truth . When Brando called Ben Johnson a `` scum suckin pig '' in the cabin , Johnsons blanched look was classic .
 The Amazon editorial review stating `` Pain-staking re-mastering and re-colorized '' is a stretch . And I suppose they meant Painstakingly re-mastered and re-colorized . When I first viewed this BD I thought I was watching a colorized version of a 50 's Audie Murphy western . The picture had exceptionally low color and contrast levels like I 've never seen on a blu-ray . I tweeked my Panasonic 50-inch Plasma TV picture settings , +30 for added contrast , Color +8 , Tint -8 -LRB- toward red -RRB- , Brightness -2 , and Sharpness +17 . You can also select Vivid if that 's available on your TV.With the picture adjustments made , no DVD can compare with the OEJ blu-ray . You will be disappointed initially on seeing the shivering credits roll past a gray brick wall along with some artifacts . Minutes later , in the first bank robbery scene , Brando is sitting atop the bank counter - in pathetic VHS quality . Somehow these opening frames were not upgraded . From then on , the picture is improved as can be seen from the details in the clothing , horses , and saddles . It 's not perfect but is probably close to 1080p in resolution.Throughout the film there 's a slight , grainy quality to the picture especially in some of the low light scenes . Also I found a voice sync problem noticeable in the beach scenes with Rio and Louisa . They could have done a much better job with this blu-ray but for 13 bucks , I 'll keep it.What makes this western so good is the emotional intensity of Brando , whether humorously conning a woman , `` My mother gave me this before she died '' , or in a vicious fit of anger `` Get up , you scum sucking pig . I 'm gon na open you up . '' Karl Malden as the treacherous Dad Longworth and Ben Johnson as outlaw Bob Amory provide strong supporting performances as do the rest of the cast.Odd things about this BD
 Theatrical Release
 Brilliant , brooding story of revenge in Mexico and California in the 1880 's . Classic dialogue and fabulous photography in the only film ever directed by Marlon Brando . Ben Johnson -LRB- who plays Bob Amory and one of the great horsemen in John Ford 's films -RRB- contributed much of the memorable one liners , such as , `` Harvey Johnson 's gon na be a famous name around these parts . You 're gon na get yourself killed by a fellow called Rio . '' `` It ai n't him . '' `` Would n't want to lose me a handful of brains trying to find out , now wouldya ? '' and `` I got ta lot of funny things to do today , but lippin ' with you ai n't one of them . ''
 I ca n't buy this BD because it 's US zoned and I live in Australia and that really pisses me off because it 's a great movie and I would love to see this -LRB- hopefully -RRB- restored version.Oh well , maybe it 'll get released in Australia in the next 100 years.What 's with this `` zoning '' crap anyway ????? Just put the bloody things onto BD and let the citizens of the world decide what they want to buy.It 's all about $ $ $ or some such crap.For all you lucky people in the US-buy this BD . This is one great movie.Karl Malden -LRB- superb performance as always -RRB- is one mean SOB.Beautifully shot and stunning music score by Hugo Friedhofer .
 My husband really likes this movies , although I do n't really care for it but I watched it with him anyway .
 Liked this film a lot . Brando is a great director . Too bad he diod n't do more like this . Will buy more like this .
 I have seen this movie at least twice , and each time that I see it , it thrills me to see Brando , when he was young and had so much raw energy . It jumps out on the screen , and it feels so real . Great movie
 Excellent response to questions and service was outstanding . I would do business with this company again ! I had a special request about this product and it was honored within an hour or my request .
 This movie has one of the better dry humor vignettes of any I have ever seen . The cowboy is eating a steak and complains to the sardonic cook/bartender , `` Hombre , this horse is still fighting for his life . '' The cook replies , `` That 's what you got a sharp knife for , cowboy . ''
 Marlon Brando delivers as an actor and a brilliant director in this very contemplative and brooding film . ONE-EYED JACKS is quite unique and very impressive under Brando 's direction . He demonstrates several innovative camera movements that move the story quite fluidly along . I like this film and Brando 's anti-hero approach to his character . It is visually very atmospheric and moody . Cinematographer Charles Lang 's images are extremely evocative of mankind 's inner restlessness against good and evil set against a beautiful but sometimes foreboding environment . Composer Hugo Friedhofer 's score is brilliantly moving and contemplative . It does not play out like a traditional Western or tale of revenge . The final confrontation is effectively anti-climatic , yet what leads up to the film 's conclusion is mesmerizing . The images and some of the obscure dialogue are very memorable and haunting . The outstanding cast includes Karl Malden , Ben Johnson , Katy Jurado , Pina Pellicer , Slim Pickens , Elisha Cook Jr. and Rodolfo Acosta . It is definitely a good film and worth repeated viewing .
 This release has the best Quality from this Famous picture worldwide . No other Label had an better release . Of course , it 's not the high quality standard that we know from Major Labels . But dont forget that there dont exist a good print worldwide from the PD Title ! So , i am happy with the release !
 As others have mentioned , this looks horrible . Imagine a VHS tape quality . Now , add in horizontal black lines every time the camera , or an actor , moves quickly -LRB- most of the time -RRB- . I did n't think it possible for something to be released looking this bad.The story is a good one and deserves better treatment than this . I actually rented the movie on streaming video , since the hard copies were so terrible , hoping the streaming one would be better . In a word
 This may be Brando 's finest hour . Some of the lines are classics -- &#34; You scum-suckin ' pig &#34; to Lon , the deputy , for example .
 This movie classic was a gift for Christmas and the person receiving it really enjoyed it . Would purchase more like this movie .
 Excellent experience ; Quick and easy transaction . Very fast shipping , the product was exactly what I expected . Highly Recommend this seller !
 One of the great westerns and a marvelous vehicle for Brando to display his superb acting talents . However , the print quality of this DVD is mediocre at best . Ca n't say what sort of remastering it received - but it is decidedly sub-standard . I recently ordered a copy of `` The Caine Mutiny '' , made 6 or 8 years earlier than this film , and the picture quality is outstanding . Why was n't `` One-Eyed Jacks '' given the same treatment ?
 Marlon Brando wrote and produced this western epic filmed on the California coast , most notably in Pebble Beach and Monterey before much of the current development . Brando and his co-star , Carl Malden , are in their prime in this film about two bandits on the run from the law . Rio -LRB- Brando -RRB- ends up getting caught and going to prison in Sonora . Dad -LRB- Malden -RRB- escapes and betrays Rio . He ultimately turns respectable and becomes the sherrif of a small town . When Rio escapes from prison , he sets out for revenge.Malden is particularly good in this film . His homely intensity plays well against the Brando 's concentrated sensuality . The chemistry between the two men is mesmerizing . Ultimately it is a tale of redemption , since Brando must leave his wicked ways in order to be worthy of a respectable woman 's love . This is a terrific western that is now classic but must have been very unusual for its time .
 UNTIL the release of a restored version S.Efrom PLATINUM DISC CORP. !!! It is digitally mastered -- mostly good + resolution -- and is WIDESCREEN , even though it does n't say so on the cover of its package ! -LRB- At least mine is , as was that of whichever other reviewer who recommended this editon and whose advice I followed . I , however , had to spend ~ 15 minutes clicking until I found the right version , so ... !? -RRB- This IS a great western !! The moment , where he calls Ben Johnson `` out '' -LRB- so to speak -RRB- , at the end of his recuperation ~ mid-film is one of the most electrifying moments on film . -LRB- imho -RRB- I have no idea what are the rights issues re
 This is a great western , and Brando and Maldon give outstanding performances . Brando 's girl -LRB- Pina Pellicer -RRB- is a stunning beauty and perfect for this film . The scenes with Brando and Slim Pickens are priceless , and Brando 's line to the `` tub of guts '' woman abuser is -LRB- in my view -RRB- one of the best lines in movie history . All the supporting cast is superb too . This is what makes for a great film.This really deserves a `` 5 '' rating - but then video quality has to be considered . This review is for the Platinum version , which is good , but not great . Having seen this movie on TV , it has beautiful coastal scenery and overall excellent photography . Based on all the reviews I 've read , currently NONE OF DVDs out there are top quality . That 's a shame.I suggest just waiting until this movie is reissued in high quality widescreen format . Let 's hope that 's not too long !
 Theatrical Release
 Theatrical Release
 Like many others , I was rather confused and suprised at how many different companies were putting out a dvd of this film . I was at Wal-Mart the other day and noticed a bunch of dvd 's at the checkout in slim-pack cases for only a dollar each . I saw that this film was amongst many other titles and so i decided to take a chance and buy it . I was very suprised to find that this dvd of the film -LRB- put out by DIGIVIEW PRODUCTIONS -RRB- has clear and bright audio and video AND it 's in widescreen . Until a major studio decides to put out this film on DVD -LRB- and hopefully in a restored director 's cut -RRB- , this version will do fine . It would n't suprise me if a major studio release comes before the end of 2006 . I see where `` The High And The Mighty '' and `` Island In The Sky '' will be released in August , so i know video miracles can still happen . Buy this and enjoy it .
 I love this film , even though it might not deserve all the 5 stars I have given it . The DVD versions are -LRB- so far , up to Spring 2010 -RRB- really poor transfers . Plus , it is not a movie for all tastes , because it was one of the first attempts to bring moral ambiguity , and psychological drama , to the western genre.The film works extremely well on two levels , but is weak in another . The central plot is that Malden betrays Brando when they were both bank robbers . Malden uses the stolen money to `` go straight , '' while Brando goes to prison . The clash between Brando and Malden , once Brando is out of prison , is tensely done and expertly acted . We might sympathize somewhat with Brando 's character , because he is hot headed , passionate and vulnerable ; but we know he is still a criminal . Despite being sheriff of Monterey , Malden 's character has not changed at all . He still has a criminal mind but now wears the badge of legitimacy . There are no pure men -LRB- the women are flawed too -RRB- in this film . Their consistently wicked behavior , compared to the beautiful Monterey Peninsula setting , makes us wonder about the goodness of the human heart . This is the philosophical heart of the film and was striking even on my first viewing . The weakness of the film is the ending . It feels phony . In fact , the legend is that the ending was changed , on orders from the studio , to make it happy . I say , So What ? Red River had a phony ending and it is one of the absolute classic westerns.The fine acting by the two co-stars is alone worth viewing this film . Add the beautiful cinematography and we have a slightly flawed yet ground breaking western . The acting is excellent . How could it be otherwise ? We have here Karl Malden , Slim Pickens , and Ben Johnson . Three of the most solid actors of their generation , in addition to Marlon Brando . Watch this film and be prepared for a surprise -- Brando could direct as well as act!WARNING
 There are many copies of this movie currently available . Hopefully they 'll come out with a restored print one day done right both video and sound but until then there are only about two copies that are better than all the others and some are really bad ! This one in the slim case is I think the best of what is available and the price is not bad . If you are looking for a decent copy to tide you over until something better comes along go with this one .
 The story behind ONE-EYED JACKS appears to have been almost as interesting as the plot which unfolds on the screen . Rod `` The Twilight Zone '' Serling wrote a rejected treatment of the book this film was based on . The original director attached to the project was none other than a young Stanley Kubrick . Eventually , the star and director ended up being the same person -- Marlon Brando . The film reunited him with co-star Karl Malden ; the pair having had worked together before in the classic ON THE WATERFRONT.So dark is this story , that even Slim Pickens is playing a manipulative bum with few redeeming characteristics . ONE-EYED JACKS is basically a story of betrayal -- a topic it explores right from the film 's opening set piece . Trapped , and with only one person able to escape , Karl Malden 's character promises to seek help quickly and return to save Marlon Brando from the law . Instead he takes their stolen loot and makes a run for it.Brando spends the next five years in prison because of this and most of that time he broods over his betrayal at the hands of a man he nicknamed `` Dad '' . No doubt the fact that Brando himself manipulated the game of chance which sent Malden off as the one to find help ate away at him . Once escaping prison , he quickly meets up with another band of outlaws . But their plans of more bank heists are secondary . Brando is more interested in revenge . He quickly catches up with Malden , but instead of exacting his vengeance quickly , he picks a more protracted method . Favoring to pretend there are no hard feelings , he bides his time in order to heighten his former partner 's suffering.It 's almost wearying to watch this unfold . Brando cheerfully proclaims that he bears no malice , but covertly plans his revenge . Malden swears he trusts Brando , but has machinations of his own . The audience must simply watch as these two men get deeper and deeper into their own games.What 's delicious about this movie is that you can connect a line between every individual character and each person they encounter . And almost every single one of those lines draws a deceitful relationship . Brando deceives Malden , Malden 's daughter and every woman he meets . Malden lies to Brando and his own family . Malden 's daughter hides the truth from her father . Slim Pickens tries double crossing everyone he meets . It 's dizzying to keep up with what the actual reality of the film is.As far as revenge films goes , this is good , but not great . The vengeance is interesting to watch from the point of view of the audience , yet it 's not quite as engaging as it could have been . I felt simultaneously intrigued and removed from the action.Where the film does get a boost though is from the performances of the two stars . This should n't be a surprise . Even in places where the script drags , watching Malden and Brando as they plot and scheme with each other while also trying to figure out the other guy 's motivation is always fun.The Digiview Productions edition of this film is presented in widescreen . The picture and sound quality are more than adequate , although they could definitely benefit from some digital cleanup.If you like movies where the only characters with redeeming qualities are given less than half a dozen lines each , then ONE EYED JACKS should be right up your alley . But you might want to draw a flow-chart while watching so that you can keep track of everyone 's ulterior motives .
 This moody Western is a film about betrayal and revenge directed by Marlon Brando . Brando 's focus here is on characters . The way they walk , talk , eat , drink , dress , kill and die is poetic , enigmatic and disturbing under Brando 's direction . This film is filled with overly beautiful photography and highly detailed sets.The film 's opening credits seen over Hugo Friedhofer 's score seem very traditional . As the camera moves into the bank it soon becomes apparent that images can be quite deceiving . In a film full of deceit and betrayal Brando 's allegorical style slowly becomes clear . A strange and uneasy film it is remains offbeat yet very captivating .
 Brando fine as director . He does excellent turn as the Riocharacter in the film . Malden , as usual , top notch as menacing heavy . Beautifully photographed . It 's too bad Brando did n't direct a few more films .
 As you 've probably read , it 's hit or miss when you buy one of these . I took a chance for $ 4.00 at Boscov 's , and won big . Packaging says `` Digital Gold Collection '' . Close-up photo of Brando on the cover , claims digital remastering and 5.1 & Dolby surround . Transfer is good -LRB- a little soft , but so what ? -RRB- , and is letterbox . I also picked up a copy of ` Boot Hill/They Call Me Trinty ' by Leisure Entertainment that was lame-ass pan and scan -LRB- no mention of aspect ratio on either film 's packaging , by the way -RRB- , but I do n't regret the $ 6 bucks for that one , because I 'd have been happy to pay $ 10 for ` One Eyed Jacks ' ! Hope this helps you find a good copy !
 impressive directorial debut from brando -LRB- he took over the reigns from kubrick -RRB- . this psychological western is a bit dated and maybe a little too lengthy for the average moviegoer . however with a cast like brando , karl malden , ben johnson and slim pickens , the sweeping views of mexico and monterrey and a well developed story One Eyed Jacks is a movie well worth viewing
 Its hard to believe this movie is over 40 years old , but it retains its power and passion in what is one of the most underrated westerns ever filmed . True to form , it is a very serious movie but was n't Brando always serious ? However , any serious DVD collector should not be without this version of the movie , its in Widescreen and the visuals are stunning . It is at a bargain price at present so I would urge any western buff to grab it immediately
 Some of the greatest portrayed rage I 've ever seen . Brando would have made Bruce Lee afraid of him . Rewind the scenes where Brando `` goes berserk '' and enjoy them over and over . He makes Travis Bickle look like a pussy cat . The first time you see it you will be blown away . This is a classic .
 Brooding outlaw Marlon Brando seeks to even the score with the former partner who double-crossed him -LRB- Karl Malden -RRB- . Though a little disjointed at times , this film is otherwise so well crafted and performed that one easily can forgive any minor shortcomings . The supporting actors are uniformly excellent , the tension well-sustained , the setting beautiful , and of course , nobody else can be Brando . Highly recommended .
 ONE EYED JACKS is quite unique and very memorable under Brando 's direction . He demonstrates several innovative camera movements that move the story quite fluidly along . Very pensive filmmaking here . I like this film.It is visually very atmospheric and moody . It does not play out like a traditional Western or tale of revenge . The final confrontation is anti-climatic but what leads up to the film 's conclusion is mesmerizing . The images and some of the obscure dialogue are very memorable and haunting . It is definitely a good film and worth repeated viewing.I like the cover art if this DVD .
 No soy un gran entusiasta del western ; ni siquiera del cine en general , pero recientemente adquir&iacute; &eacute;ste film en DVD y realmente me ha impactado por su excelente trama , ambientaci&oacute;n y gui&oacute;n , una pel&iacute;cula que yo no considerar&iacute;a un western y si un drama y m&aacute;s hall&aacute; de la calidad t&eacute;cnica del film en s&iacute; , la actuaci&oacute;n del elenco de actores y actrices me pareci&oacute; muy buena y desgraciada y penosamente para m&iacute; ... qued&eacute; sobrecogido por la belleza de Luisa -LRB- PINA PELLICER -RRB- , cuya calidez y rasgos me dej&oacute; prendado y busqu&eacute; otras pel&iacute;culas suyas afanosamente por toda la red pero navegando me sent&iacute; tremendamente apenado al enterarme que s&oacute;lo hizo 5 pel&iacute;culas -LRB- Macario , One-Eyed Jacks , Rogelia , D&iacute;as de oto & ntilde ; o y El Pecador -RRB- y 2 apariciones espor&aacute;dicas en series televisivas americanas `` Alfred Hitchcock Hour , The '' -LRB- 1962 -RRB- y `` Fugitive , The '' -LRB- 1963 -RRB- su muerte prematura impidi&oacute; ver una estrella emergente en la historia del cine latino.Naci&oacute; en Ciudad de M&eacute;xico el 3 de Abril de 1935 -LRB- contaba 26 a & ntilde ; os cuando rod&oacute; One Eyed-Jacks -RRB- y falleci&oacute; por suicidio en la misma Ciudad de M&eacute;xico cuando ten&iacute;a s&oacute;lo 29 a & ntilde ; os el 4-12-1964 .
 This has long been one of my favorite films ! I am happy to have it on blu-ray at last . I do not know what these other reviewers were complaining about
 THIS IS A VERY GOOD MOVIE , EXCITING AND MARLON BRANDO AND KARL MALDEN ARE GREAT , SLIM PICKENS TOO , THANKS , WAS EASY TO WATCH
 Excellent performances by both Brando and Karl Maulden combined with a very interesting story make this a must-see for all Brando fans .
 Two thieves who have been friends a long time ago , are chased and besieged in the middle of the desert . One of them decides to go for an additional horse but never returns
 Unfortunately , this DVD -LRB- 2nd printing I have bought -RRB- is the perhaps the worstexample of a film transfer I have ever seen!Why in G_d 's name cant somebody in the film industry recognize this film 's inherentvalue and underwrite a professional remastering of this thing ? There 's a ready madecustomer base fer cryin out loud , heck I 'd even plunk down a deposit if it 's productiondepended on it ! Until now only John Wayne 's `` The Quiet Man '' stood as the worst majorDVD release by one of our genuine screen legends . But this thing ... completelyunwatchable.Buy at your own risk , you 've been warned .
 Too many customers have complained about the video quality of this movie . It is not top quality , but that is because it has not been digitally remastered . So this is the best that can be purchased . And in truth , it is not bad . It is very `` watchable '' . I enjoyed it without any complaints . To top it off , this is one of the best westerns ever made . Most westerns are corny and trite ; not this one .
 I have been searching for this movie for years . I could watch it everyday . My wife is really getting tired of my quotes from the movie.If you get the chance , this is a must see for old western lovers like myself .
 I first saw this movie about six years ago . I 've watched it many times since . Marlon Brando 's portrayal of Kid Rio is simply magnificent . His performance is powerful and compelling . `` One-Eyed Jacks '' is a classic tale of betrayal and revenge . The cast is outstanding with Karl Malden , Katy Jurado , Slim Pickens , and Pina Pellicer among others . I was especially moved by Pina Pellicer in her role as Louisa , who falls in love with Rio and becomes pregnant with his child . I also liked the unresolved ending , with Brando leaving her with the promise that he would return in the Spring when she would have her baby . With their obvious deep love for each other , there 's no doubt in my mind that he would.I 've only scratched the surface in my description of this great film , but I think it 's one of the best Westerns of all time .
 This is the one and only Marlon Brando directed movie that was actually damned good . Karl Malden plays his partner in crime who screws Marlon over after a bank robbery , forcing Marlon to spen hard time in a Mexican prison.They say that revenge is a dish best served cold.Marlon brando proves it here - in spades!Or in Wild one-eyed Jacks .
 I first saw this movie back in the early sixties and I still wonder why it was named `` one eyed jacks '' ! There 's no cards played in the whole movie ! Other than that , it was still good and entertaining as it was back then . It was sort of the height of the western movie before Clint Eastwood and the like came on the scene , and when the drive-in 's were the best family outing for movies .
 I 'm not a fan of Westerns but I am a Brando fan so I sat through lots of people shooting each other in dusty towns to watch the wonderful Marlon . The script is pretty good for a Western ... the character Brando plays , Kid Rio , begins as a scoundral who plays really cheap tricks on the ladies , but eventually turns into someone with character . Brando plays all of the nuances in his masterful way , and of course , he is in his physical prime here so he is quite amazing to watch.The supporting cast is all first rate . Karl Malden is appropriately venal , Slim Pickens is delightfully disgusting , Katy Jurado gives a terrific performance as Malden 's wife , Ben Johnson is always good as a bad guy . The one performance I found lacking was that of the young girl who plays the love interest . I found it hard to believe that Rio would have turned his life around for such a lack luster little thing ... just my personal opinion.It is very long but we are now used to see films finish in under two hours so maybe I 'm just conditioned to that length . It 's definitely worth seeing ... just make lots of popcorn .
 I 'm not a big fan of westerns , but this one is definitely worth the 2 hours and 20 minutes of dedication it takes to watch it . The story is constantly progressing and 45 years after it was made it 's still an amazing and interesting story.Marlon Brando -LRB- directing and starring -RRB- really nailed this one . His Kid Rio is brilliantly calm , with a dark side brewing just under the surface . Five years after being left to be caught by the Mexican law by his bank robber sidekick Dad Longfellow , Rio sets out to find Longfellow and exact his revenge.What starts out as a revenge film turns into so much more as the characters are developed and the plot thickens . The scenery is beautiful
 Just bought the Platinum Disc Corporation DVD of One-Eyed Jacks , based on a review I read here . The quality is fine - no problems with the picture quality or the audio , and it is a letterbox version . I bought it through Barnes and Noble.com for $ 5.98 as I had a gift certificate I needed to use . I actually bought their last copy and they said they might not be reordering . At the time of this writing , Amazon is out of stock on the Platinum Disc version as well , but there are a number of them available used and new through Amazon secondary sellers . I was nervous after reading all the terrible reviews of various versions of the DVD . The Platinum Disc Corporation version is fine - no complaints , and very reasonably priced . You can buy with confidence . Hope this helps !
 Now this is the copy to purchase , it 's from Leisure Entertainment , not to say it could n't use more digital improvement for an independent but , it 's Dolby mixed and in letterbox -LRB- 1.85:1 -RRB- , not mentioned on the cover . To date , no other copies have these options . What a treat . Brando portrays the same type of brooding character that he portrays in many of his other movies , except this is a western . I love westerns . Malden , in his early career bad guy movie rolls . Did you see Nevada Smith ? Ben Johnson and Slim Pickens are scum . Great cast . Get this copy before it goes out of print . It 's the best copy you 'll find . The cinematography is just beautiful . It takes place in Monterey , CA .
 The theme for this movie could be one of the classic samurai stories . Honor amoung thieves or something . I really enjoyed this movie for its great cast -- Brando , Malden , Katy Jurado , Slim Pickens , Ben Johnson and others , the magnificent scenery of the Monterey Peninsula , and the revenge factor . Karl Malden is especially venal in his role as the amoral Dad Longworth , and Brando in his interplay with Slim Pickens is great .
 ` One-Eyed Jacks ' might be considered the most self-consciously Western of the sixties , and possibly of all time ... It contains undoubted visual attributes , gorgeous photographic sequences of an immense sandy desert , and panoramas of the spectacular California coast ... Not often does one get to see the sea in a Western ... Another of the film 's great assets is its beautiful music ... ` One-Eyed Jacks ' is slow , but very tough , realistic and softly romantic ... The picture has excitement and violence ... Brando summons all the reserve of anger , inner ambivalence , and emotional complexity in his nature ... As a cowboy , he is tough , cunning , soft-spoken , sentimental , vicious , and occasionally masochistic ... He plumbs dark reserves of desolation and revenge with an inner ferocity that had always been a part of him but had never before emerged full-force ... As a director , he is meticulous , with a keen eye for spectacular outdoor cinematography , and an instinctive sense for the visual expression of inner conflicts ... Karl Malden , whose surface friendliness and affability usually concealed either weakness or malice or both , is excellent as the ambitious , determined outlaw , and the volatile , treacherous , arrogant sheriff whose last poisonous spill
 Malden seems to start true , but then turns out to be living a lie . He gets his come-uppance in the end . Marlon tells one lie after another , but slowly appears to be reaching down to the deeper truth . He gets away with it in the end . The basic theme of this film seems to be the clash of the misfit with society -- perhaps this is the underlying theme of all films , since they are told from the point of view of the individual ; and society is composed of nothing but a bunch of conformist misfits . If you want to succeed in society , you have to fake it -- cover up your miss-spent youth , or put it behind you , don a front of respectability , hide your flaws . This is the way society operates , and two-faced old Dad has it figured out . Only show the acceptable side of your face , and you 've got it made . One of the best things about this movie is that Brando managed to kick Kubrick the cube off the set . Many of Kubrick 's films show the individual being flattened by society 's values
 This is very pensive filmmaking here . 1961 's ONE-EYED JACKS is quite unique and very memorable under Brando 's direction . He demonstrates several innovative camera movements that move the story quite fluidly along . I like this film . It is visually very atmospheric and moody . Cinematographer Charles Lang 's images are extremely evocative of mankind 's inner restlessness against good and evil set against a beautiful but sometimes foreboding environment . Composer Hugo Friedhofer 's score is brilliantly moving and contemplative . It does not play out like a traditional Western or tale of revenge . The final confrontation is anti-climatic but what leads up to the film 's conclusion is mesmerizing . The images and some of the obscure dialogue are very memorable and haunting . The outstanding cast includes Karl Malden , Ben Johnson , Katy Jurado , Pina Pellicer , Slim Pickens , Elisha Cook Jr. and Rodolfo Acosta . It is definitely a good film and worth repeated viewing . This DVD version is the not one of the best .
 Based on Charles Neider 's Novel , `` The Authentic Life of Hendrick Jones '' , this is truly the finest Western you will ever see . It even surpasses `` Shane '' and that is a true compliment , indeed . Beautiful scenery , an absolutely intrigueing story with many unexpected turns that will hold you to your seat . As for Brando and a marvelous supporting cast , Karden Malden , Pina Pellicer , Ben Johnson , a fabulous performance by Katy Jurado , and others , see it , you will love it . Not often mentioned in reviews is the wonderful theme song by Hugo Friedhoffer as background music.Absolutely a MUST SEE-to be chewed and digested .
 One would have thought that this truly unique , wonderfully acted and filmed and beautifully scored Western would have had a truly special DVD release by now ! Especially after the death of its fabulous star and fabulous first-time -LRB- and only time -RRB- director - the great Marlon Brando.I - like many fans of this film - have searched for a decent DVD transfer . It is unbelievable how many there are out there ! Anyway - I have searched high and low -LRB- mostly low -RRB- and finally found a transfer that is not all that bad at all . It is the best out of the several I have bought in bargain bins throughout the years.The edition I am talking about was released by a company called DREAMLINE in 2008 . There are two other films on the disc - Lee Van Cleef in CHAMELEON and Roy Rogers in UNDER CALIFORNIA STARS . I have n't watched the other films , since JACKS was my main concern . If is refreshingly watchable - and , again , the best transfer I have yet seen . Apart from the drawback of there being no chapter stops , if you want a very decent image of a great movie - try this one .
 Hey , for a straight to video release , this one ai n't so bad . The obvious CGI effects are pretty darned good ; the snakes looked part of the action most of the time . In this one , a musclebound big game hunter sneaks a huge python -LRB- where he got it , no one bothers to tell us -RRB- into the country in order to provide some wealthy businessmen a rare hunting opportunity . Of course , the snake escapes and heads for the sewer system of Philadelphia -LRB- of all places -RRB- . FBI Honcho -LRB- played glumly if adequately by Kirk B. R. Woller -RRB- contacts a pretty biologist -LRB- Playboy 's Jaime Bergman -RRB- who has been working with dolphins to use her `` implants '' on a giant boa being harvested by scholarly and almost hunky David Hewlett . They use these implants to track the python through the boa 's eyes . Mysteriously enough , the darned machine does n't work very well -LRB- there goes government spending again -RRB- , so the good guys do n't know that the bad guys -LRB- the hunters -RRB- are also on the prowl for the snake -LRB- s -RRB- . Adam Kendrick as Broddick , the head nasty , chews up both the scenery and his cigars , and throws his considerable weight around , alas to no avail.Of all the snake movies , and we 've had tons , this one is n't the best , but it 's certainly not the worst -LRB- see SSSSSS ... -RRB- . Anyway , fans of this type of movie should n't be too disappointed .
 This movie rocks . Period . It 's a touching , feel-good story about the trials and tribulations of a giant , underprivileged boa constrictor growing up in inner city Chicago . Grab yourself a glass of ... milk ... and drink every time the FBI agent says something catchy , like you just clicked on a marine in starcraft -- `` outstanding '' , `` I 'm ready to kick some butt , sir '' . And chug that glass of leche every time Broddick rips off his shirt to show he means business . Also imbide some dairy goodness every time an 80 foot snake sneaks up on someone without them noticing -LRB- two drinks if they get bit in half -RRB- . Summary
 When the scientist says that the main point of the movie is the ` stupidest idea he 's ever heard ' . You know you 're in for a treat.A multi-millionaire sets up a hunt for big game hunters . They are after a 80 foot python . However the snake escapes before the hunt can begin . They go after it anyway . The feds however have a brilliant plan . They find a female scientist is Miami -LRB- with the biggest nostrils I 've ever scene -RRB- . She dives with dolphins and can track them by implanting stuff in their heads . They take her to a snake scientist who has grwon a 100 foot boa constrictor -LRB- you 're tax dollars hard at work -RRB- . It seems he has been trying to make an all purpose anti-venom by feeding the giant boa poisonous snakes -LRB- ??? -RRB- So they implant the tracking device in the boa and send it out to figh the python before it kills anymore innocent civilians . No one bothered to mention that the boa was female -LRB- Betty -RRB- and the python was male . So when the meet they do n't fight but fornicate -LRB- ha ha ha !!! -RRB- The boa finally fights the python only after it ate her eggs.Anyway the big game hunters -LRB- back to them -RRB- are a motley crew indeed and are all laid to waste by the snakes in one way or another . The red-head in the fatigues is beautiful and has a great bath tub scene . Full nudity is always a plus in films like these . The millionaire is ripped in half while using a flame thrower in a techno bar . Yes you read that right . You 'll have to watch the movie to see how that happens.All in all a fun film if you do n't take it too seriously .
 I want `` two great snakes that snake great together '' engraved on my tombstone.Also , forget the snakes AND the ladies , check out David Hewlett !
 This is by far one of the funniest movies ever made . Sure a lot of critics panned it but a lot of really great cult movies start out that way and this would be one of them . Just the idea in general had me laughing . The movie merges clips from an old Chinese Kung Fu movie `` Tiger & Crane Fists -LRB- ?? -RRB- '' and redubs and inserts a new character `` the chosen one '' . It 's hilarious from beginning to end especially in the redubbed scenes . I wo n't say much more cuz this movie defies description . Just watch it ! you will love it ! LONG LIVE BETTY !!!!!
 ... -LSB- Boy -RSB- , is it funny!Contrary to what a lot of people say , the trailor doesnt potray a good image of the movie -LRB- The ... cow was way out of line -RRB- . You have to see it to hear some of the outrageous one-liners
 Funniest movie since Dumb and Dumber . When i saw it there was only 8 people in the theatre . You will laugh so hard you wo n't be able to stop .
 Kung Pow : Enter the Fist is completly dubbed over an old Japanese martial arts movie called `` Tiger and Crane Fists '' . HOWEVER , this is definetly not a martial arts movie ... it 's a comedy , and a very funny one , at that . I laughed the whole -LSB- darn -RSB- movie , I mean all the way through . I even cried in one part . The reason why it 's so funny is it 's so stupid ! Not `` It 's so pathetic i 'm gon na laugh at it '' stupid , but `` laughing at it because they purposely made it stupid '' stupid ... get it ? Anyway , if you 're a fan of 1 breasted women , kung-fu fighting cows , or hip-hop loving martial art masters ... or maybe just have a sense of humor , I reccomend this .
 If you like Mystery Science Theater 3000 than you are sure to like this film . This is a great laugh a minute time to get your butt spanked movie . They took a old karate film Redubbed the voices and added scenes and characters to make it a great film.If you like this film your sure to like other movies like Thumbwars , Thumbtanic , The BlairThumb , Thumbatrix , and so on .
 crazy oedekerkbruce rolls over in his graveweeoooweeoooweeoooweee
 This movie was the Most Idiodic and Funniest movie EVER . The Best Comedy I HAVE EVER SEEn . -LRB- AND IVE SEEN LOTS -RRB- I do not get how some people think its a bad movie because it made no sence . . It was n't Supposed to ! If you watch the movie , and are ready for anything to happen , you will have the time of your life . If You have Expectations You will not like it too much , but you will still Laugh out loud sometimes . . The best part of the movie had to be when the dubbed over the dog when it barked , or when the chinese people talked forever and said like , 2 words . . WHAT A GREAT MOVIE . RECOMMENDED FOR KIDS , AND EVEN ADULTS ... Those who are big Movie Snobs Should Avoid . . Buy it , Its fun to watch over and over again ...
 One of the stupidest , funniest , and most outrageous movies I 've ever seen , `` Kung Pow ! '' is the brainchild of puttybrain Steve Oedenkirk , responsible for such classics as Ace Ventura and The Nutty Professor -LRB- TO BE CONTINUED -RRB-
 This is a really funny and cool movie . I think that Steve Oedekerk is a comidic genius . I f you did not laugh , you are the 8th wonder of the world and should be put on display at a museum .
 This movie 's stupidity is exceeded only by how amazingly funny it actually is . At least 80 % of the movie is an old 70 's Hong Kong kung-fu flick , with new faces and voices inserted . And yet the director manages to create one of the most memorable comedy characters ever , in Master Pain . Or Betty , as he prefers to be called . While some of the gags get annoying , especially some of the more over the top voices , I laughed harder during this movie then during dozens of other , better known comedies . I think it 's vastly superior to Super Troopers or Dude Where 's My Car . -LRB- Both of which I liked -RRB- . So long as you do n't go in expecting too much , it 's a real riot .
 This movie rocks ... I couldnt stop laughing in this movie
 I rated this a 5 for laughter ... It has become a source of lots of family fun . Lines like NEO -- BOM ` BOM ` BOM ' - SPORIN , or `` From Now On I Shall Be Know As Betty '' , `` That must hurt . Just around the bloody spot '' . No It is n't up for an accademy award , no it is n't making a grand statement and who cares . But , it will certainly help you forget about the woes of the world for a while.When our 12 year old came home talking about Kung Pow , it seemed so ridiculous we had to rent it . The movie is one thing but then you can spend many more hours in the special features.It is not only the movie , it is also a bit of a ciniemantic journey of the steps to create this masterpiece.Rent it ... By it ... enjoy it .
 I love this movie . I think it is the best movie because its stupid but funny . If you havent seen a funny movie latley rent this or buy it . You got ta . I like how they used an old movie to film it . And I think that Ling and her voice is hilarious ! We Oh We Oh ... Rent or buy I 'll bet its good to you .
 `` Kung Pow : Enter the Fist , '' is easily the funniest movie I have ever seen . During the film I could not stop laughing , I mean it was uncontrollable . I wo n't go into the plot , humor , or the characters , because I 'm sure every other reviewer has already covered that . To me Steve Oedekerk is genius comedic writer , and ca n't wait till the sequel `` Kung Pow : Tongue of Fury , '' comes out . `` Kung Pow : Enter the Fist , '' is easily one of my favorite movies ever , and my favorite comedy ever .5 / 5
 Now this is a funny movie . I caught it on TV one day and I have loved it ever since . Although it is very short on plot , it 's nonstop funny . I could n't stop laughing . If you 're looking for something funny , then rent or buy this now .
 I would have to say that this is one of the funniest movies I 've ever seen.Of course you must be a fan of slap stick/misc comedy . This is a very silly/quirky/weird film.If you like films like Airplane or Mel Brookes films , etc then you will most likly find this film amazing .
 so bad and stupid that it was funny ! there is a bald muscular man with a manly voice that likes to be called betty . LOL here is a scene
 This movie was great for my 8 and 10 year old boys . The extent of the profanity was a three letter word for backside . There were no four letter words , and no frontal nudity , and the most sex we saw was a tongue ` fight ' . Bloodless violence . The sight gags and jokes were totally at their level -LRB- we , the parents , were cracking up too , but only because the kids were belly laughing the whole time -RRB- . I recommend this for kids who have outgrown the Disney type flicks , but whose parents are not quite yet ready for them to watch James Bond . Well , OK , I cheated , I let my kids see ` The Matrix ' last year . Good thing it was spoofed in this movie too , as it helped them get the cow scene ! A thumbs up . Borrow a kid to watch it with . ` So cute ... Bye Bye ! '
 I resisted this movie for a long time . The trailers looked way too stupid for me , but a guy I worked with insisted I 'd like the movie . I finally watched this last night , and I have n't laughed so hard out loud in a long time.What I was unaware of was the fact that they had taken a 1970s chop-socky film and redubbed eth voices , re-cut the scenes , and digitally added actors , scenes and even funny props.Having been a fan of kung-fu cinema made this movie even funnier.The trailers for this film showed only the stupidest parts -LRB- like the cow duel -RRB- . Do not be deceived grasshopper , for there are much funnier moments in the film , and the dialogue is priceless.Also , look for a lot of digital `` easter eggs '' like the Titanic under the waterfall . The slew of such digital treats culminates for me at teh scene where the master sings to himself about Taco Bell product placement while passing a table of students eating digital taco bell.This is a great film if you need a pick me up - it will get you laughing no matter how hard you try not to .
 Kung PowTitle
 This movies is an instant classic , maybe the funnist movie of all time other than dumb and dumber . it deserves 5 starts just for the following lines : THAT 'S A LOTTA NUTS!OPEN YOUR MOUTH!I like the band N'sync . My favorite member is Harpo . I think there is a Harpo . If not , there should be . `` that 's , like , his stomach plug over thereHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
 First of all , this is , in my opinion , one of the greatest movies of all time -LRB- up there with Monty Python and the Holy Grail and anything by Adam Sandler -RRB- . Second , if your looking for something even funnier on the DVD , go to the Alternate Audio tracks . First of all , the commentary is hilarious , but the `` What Are They Really Saying ? '' track is almost better than the movie -LRB- use with English subtitles to understand both things -RRB- , but you miss out on all the characters like Master Pain , aka `` Betty '' , and Wimp Lo . Watch it , it 's funny .
 This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen . It dose n't make much sense but it is great ! My one friend said he hated it and it was the worst movie ever , but my other friend agrees with me that it 's the best movie ever . So I guess you kinda love it or you hate it . But if you 're smart , you 'll love it.I highly reccomend this movie .
 Destined to be a cult classic ... this movie gets funnier and funnier with every viewing . The Beach Blanket Babylon or Rocky Horror Picture Show of Kung Fu flicks ! A must see , again , and again !
 Ok , so I went into an almost empty movie theater and laughed and laughed and laughed at this movie . I looked around me to see poeple dumbfounded , so I laughed some more . I guess you have to understand the humor to get this movie . I agree with the rater who compared this to Airplane . Remember Hot Shots part Deux ? Well , this movie compares , with just stupid fun . Do n't expect a kung fu flick . Expect to watch a stupid movie , and you will be satified . This movie is not for everyone . Sometimes , it just pays not to take things so seriously .
 in the begining there is a baby part that you can never stop laughing ! the first words you here is '' open thee mouth '' so then the dude blows up the house and then the baby crawls and starts rolling down a hill and ... wait i dont want to give it away you 'll have to see it your self man !
 I LOVE this movie ! This is one of the first DVDs I have ever purchased , and is also one of the most watched . Aside from the movie 's antics , the DVD is very creative and well put together in its presentation . The options are great as well as numerous -LRB- check out the audio options -RRB- . Steve Oedekerk 's humor is inventive and childish . It appears I notice something new every time I pop it in the player . Some may think this movie to be hilarious , others , stupid . I found this movie to be BOTH ! If you like `` Ace Ventura '' , `` Beavis & Butthead '' and even , Tom Green stupid ca-ca mouth , type humor , then this movie is for you . If your comedic tastes differ , and you prefer more intellectually driven comedy , then this movie is NOT for you.My fav . quote `` Let your anger be like a monkey ... '' Nevermind , I do n't want to give it away .
 I feel silly writing a review about this movie but it was not even close to being as bad as I thought it would have . You have to prepare yourself for this film . Expect something good and you may be disappointed . Expect nothing and you will laugh . The fun thing about this movie is it dares you to laugh at how stupid it is . The creators made an awfully silly film and thats the point . Some minor interations between characters had me laughing so hard I woke up my roomates . It 's just so dumb that you have to laugh . I thought the special effects and the insertions into the old film were excellently done . In fact I was so shocked at how well done the effects were since the rest of the movie was so purposely done poorly . It was a neat context as they are making fun of movies that traditionally had awfull effects and acting by re-dubbing a film with awful acting yet great special effects . Anyway you ca n't really say much more about this film and many of the other positive reviews did a good job . Watch this film and just laugh .
 I had no idea what this movie was going to be about except from what I saw on the cover . I immediately judged it by it 's cover saying `` A fighting cow ? How stupid ! This will be a waste of my time . `` The begining did not grip me and I was still convinced that it was going to be horrible , but when I realized that it was a spin-off of a Kung Fu movie with added scenes , it all `` made sense '' and it was hilarious . I had to press pause so that I could stop laughing and continue on.You definitely have to have a certain sense of humor to find this movie funny and highly entertaining so if you have a sense of humor on a self-made high chair , then do n't watch this movie , because you just wo n't get it.I can not wait for Kung Pow part 2 !
 One of my all time favorite comedies . I use to have it on vhs tape , but I lent it to someone & never got it back . This is one of those movies that 's just so fun to watch over & over again . It 's also fun to quote in daily life . Its especially funny when you say a line from the movie & someone says &#34; what does that have to do with what we were talking about ? &#34; & I say &#34; I do n't know . But , I 'm bleeding , making me the victor . &#34; & then I turn into an orca whale & follow Ling 's father & the chosen one down a waterfall . You got ta love a movie that takes the entire audio track out of an old kung fu movie & inserts it 's own dialogue . It 's movie magic & it 's fantastic .
 Movie is funny , a real comedy classic for the generation . Also has a lot of cool behind the scenes stuff , and you can watch the movie again with the original &#34; undubbed &#34; audio as well !
 Stupidly funny . It is a very dumb spoof of old king Fu movies but for whatever reason I could n't stop laughing at it
 Funnest movie I have seen . This is not a deep meaning movie . It 's just a funny move . Sit down and enjoy it .
 For those of you who have seen this movie already you know what you are in for , now just a little more conveniently available to show friends who have n't seen it if your Android phone -LRB- what have you -RRB- has been replacing your old VHS tapes and DVDs as the go to device.For those of you who have n't seen
 This movie is hilarious . It 's stupid humor sure but it 's still very funny . Be well aware that it 's not for everyone for sure but if you know what to expect , you 'll have a great time .
 Reminds me of high school days . Me and my friends used to and still use a bunch of the lines in this movie LOL
 Years ago , my friends and I used to turn off the sound on the TV and turn on the radio ... wait , that was for something else.We used to turn the TV sound off and ad-lib our own dialogue . `` Kung Pow '' is the result when a professional does this , along with inserting himself into the action on screen . It 's outrageously funny , and some parts are unforgettable . The only complaint I have is that Oedekerk has n't done more of these . `` Granny , wo n't you smoke some marra-joo-wannaWe 'll get stoned and listen to the Beatles ''
 Movie is so funny , I ca n't get over how classic this is ... Needs to be on Blu Ray , real talk mane .
 When you are first going to see this movie do n't expect an epic adventure of a man that avenges his families death . It 's a spoof . A damn good one too . Go in understanding that this is the type of movie that young homestyle directors put together for the enjoyment of their friends . Steve Oedekerk is a genius and you see it in the histerical movie . The quotes that I use along with friends and family are priceless . The dialogue of dubbed voices are the best . If you have no sense of spoof humor then do n't waste your time bashing the film . Let those of us who absolutely love and worship this film enjoy each others reviews . I 'm just glad that other people enjoy this movie as much as I did . To Mr. Oedekerk ... please keep em rolling . . or I 'll cut off you 're big toe . . oww thats tender ! Fellow Kung Pow lovers I hope we get to see more . I hope this review sheds a little light on how funny this movie is . For those who have n't seen Kung-Pow yet ... just give it a chance , its one of the best spoofs ever . WEEEOOW !
 I freely admit to being a big cheese fan . I mean , even the very best movies have cheesy elements -- Star Wars , Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon , the Matrix ... But I really enjoy a good honest-to-god cheese _ fest _ from time to time . Kung Pow is that , ladies and gentlemen . How cheesy can a spoof of a cheesy genre -LRB- 70s kung fu movies made in Hong Kong -RRB- get ? Check out Kung Pow and find out . It has a place of honor in my collection , between Austin Powers and the gorgonzola.The DVD itself is even more of a treat . There are two ` alternate soundtracks ' that cover several scenes , one of what they 're really saying before it was dubbed , and one of a cultivated British voice actor reading the dialog in a books-on-tape style that is just hysterical , especially when he reads the love interest 's `` we-oo-we-oo-we-oo 's . '' There are also several before-and-after scenes with the original characters from Savage Killers , and then with Steve Oedekerk , that help you appreciate how well done the blue screen work was in the movie . Some of the cut scenes were really funny , and I thought the outtakes were a blast . Well worth getting . I recommend it .
 Kung Pow
 The murderous Master Pain -LRB- aka
 When I saw the reviews for this movie about 3 years ago or so , I thought it looked like the stupidest thing I had ever seen . I thought it was just a dumb Kung-Foo movie . But recently some friends told me it was so funny I had to see it , so I said why not?I had no idea he dubbed the voices of old Kung-Fu movies and put his face on the protagonist 's head . I could barely stand up after seeing it , one because my stomach hurt so much from laughing , and 2 fear of the embarrasment after peeing my pants ... lolNo it 's not a good movie ... but it is the funniest movie I have ever seen , If you 're in the mood to laugh , throw this in the DVD player and watch in three times in a row . Then play through all of your Family Guy DVD 's -LRB- which I strongly recommend -RRB- . So as my final thought , this movie does what we also did in elementary school , when we 'd turn down the volume and and say what the characters really should 've said ... and makes millions off it . 5 out 5 !
 Remember the first time you saw Austin Powers ? How your brain kept telling you how stupid this movie is but you laughed yourself silly anyway ? Well , for me , this was one of those movies . I honestly laughed , at points until tears came , from beginning to end . But make no maistake , this is not high comedy . This is without doubt one of the stupiest movies I 've ever seen . Think Godzilla starring Jim Carrey . The purposely terrible dubbing , the voices that in no way can be interpreted as Chinese , the ridiculous noises used to fill space why the actors lips are still moving ... . I know , it really sounds stupid . I guess you just had to be there , and I highly recommend you go . I do n't know who was responsible for this movie , but I consider it comic genius . I ca n't explain it why I found it so funny , but I ca n't help but smile every time it crosses my mind . I ca n't wait for the sequel .
 This is one of the best movies I 've seen in years . Produced by the same guy who did `` Thumb Wars '' , Kung Pow is a silly parody of old Chinese kung-fu movies . To create this film they took scenes from a 20-year old Chinese movie , stripped it of it 's soundtrack , then redubbed it with new lines and blue-screened in some new actors and props . It 's kinda like watching Mystery Science Theater 3000 , only much much better . I saw this movie last night , and I 'm still laughing just thinking about it . Go see it now !
 I 've first seen this movie on TV and I just laughed throught the entire movie !! Then I knew I had to buy the DVD to have a good laugh when stressed out ... I do n't think this movie fits every comedy lovers style.This movie is for those who loved Hot Shots and Naked Gun or Shaolin Soccer and KungFu Hussle ! It 's for those who like when the protagonist is serious about what he 's doing , but the things going around him are just wrong and funny!Kung Pow
 I use this film as part of an extensive series of grueling tests to sort out genuinely valuable friends from those people I really do n't want to associate with any more and may have to kill -LRB- Mystery Science Theater is another key part of The Test -RRB- . Kung Pow also works well for evaluating dates -- 10 bucks spent on this can save you hundreds , maybe tens of thousands , later.This movie is incredibly silly and marvelously stupid which means the comedy is wonderfully whimsical and wackily unpredictable -LRB- Gesundheit ! -RRB- . A lot of it is nonlinear -LRB- there are no straight lines anywhere in the film -RRB- and that 's a turnoff for those who like their `` Scary Movie '' pie fights , and a delight for others , like me , who watch the `` Scary Movie '' films from the safety of the bathroom . I recommend Kung Pow for really really smart people who need to relax with something goofy that has no point to make about the real world other than the real world is often goofy and irrational . A very fun movie and one of my favorites . Someday a big statue of Steve Oedekerk ... somewhere.Thank you Steve , please make more . -LSB- Months later
 I have seen this movie about 25 times and its still funny every time.My kids love it and were crushed that number 2 never came out.It 's great for boys , they find it hysterical .
 Really Really funny ! Some scenes could go a little faster - but is a primo movie .
 This movie is so goofy , yet it 's still watchable ! Even the deleted scenes are goofy ! This is what I put in the DVD player when I have no Netflix , and I just want to watch something hilarious .
 This is my favorite movie of all times !! I have seen it over and over again and it still makes me laugh . Me and my sister know the movie by heart . You will either love or hate the movie . And if you hate this you are wack because the subtitles are hilarious . All the randomness of it like `` taco bell '' , `` radioshack '' , and best of all `` Betty '' is great!Also all the facial expressions are freakin hilarious .
 Funny but funnier after repeatedly watching the movie , kids will all agree but you got ta to see twice to begin the really appreciate
 Yes , I 've remixed some of the memorable lines from `` Kung Pow '' on a bouncy dance base , and I 'd like to share the fun
 I smile just thinking about this hilarious , ridiculously absurd , stupid , -LRB- stupid being a term of endearment -RRB- , movie . I loved it to tears , and for days after watching this me and my brother were quoting it left and right . Yes , it 's stupid , and YES , the tongue thing is very weird , but that 's what makes it so great . In my honest opinion , it is like the Monty Python and the Holy Grail of American films . This movie is so dumb it 's funny , and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to laugh really really hard . Go rent this movie , or , even better , go buy it ! It 'll make your day .
 This is the most out there movie ... well out there . It is harilous and everyone who I leant my DVD too has laughed their heads off at it . If you love comedy , deffiently buy this because it makes almost no sense but still has a plot.It focuses on `` The Choosen One '' as he tries to defeat `` The Evil Betty '' hows that for a plot ?
 one of the funniest movies ever ! it never gets old , you can watch it over , and over , and over , and over , and over , and over , and over , and over , and over , and it just keeps getting funnier !
 this movie is really funny every time i see it i always laugh also the special features are really good i especially like the long-lost book on tape version done by some sort of shakesperean actor when the guy goes weeoo-weeoo or aaah it 's really funny hey just buy this cause it 's a funny movie like the naked guns or scary movies
 `` Kung Pow '' ... . is the funniest movie I 've ever seen for a karate spoof ! It 's like as another movie , only with Steve Oedekerk dubbing all the voices for every character . Not for one second is this movie ever serious about anything . Steve Oedekerk is also the star as The Chosen One . That 's his name . It is impossible to describe in words the hilarity of this movie . It 's that funny ! Highly recommended for a great comedy .
 Kung Pow ! Enter the Fist is a wonderful movie . Did you ever watch the Japanese movies on saturday afternoons ? This is the spoof to end all ! After a few times watching it , and yes you will need to watch it more than once to catch all the hilarity , you will find yourself quoting it.Funny quotes include , `` My Nipples look like Milkduds ! '' and `` My name is Betty ! '' . You will have to see it for yourself !
 KUNG POW is one of the most ridiculous movies I 've ever seen , and it 's also sidesplitting . Writer-director Steve Oedekerk has taken an old Japanese kung fu movie , and using digital wizardry has placed himself in it and added new footage to come up with a movie that is guaranteed to make you laugh out loud . Just when you think the movie 's overstayed it 's welcome , Oedekerk pulls out another hilarious moment and you find yourself both impressed and entertained by his silliness . With none of the dialogue in synch with the character 's mouths , it 's just proof at how campy and bad these earlier Japanese movies were . Most hilarious are some of the noises that the characters make , especially Ling , the heroine . A sequel is coming out next year and I 'm sure it 'll be just as insanely hilarious . If you 're in the mood for a silly silly movie , but one that is undeniably entertaining , KUNG POW should fit your bill .
 Wow ! I did not expect this movie to be so good . Just saw it by chance on TV , and was drawn by the opening fighting sequences , which bordered on the ridiculous -LRB- and then fully entered the realm of ridiculousness and never looked back -RRB- . This is definitely a great movie if you just want to relax and laugh at silly humor .
 First off this movie is not Martial Arts . This movie is just hilarious ! The way UHF hit the cult market is the way this one will as well . You cant help but laugh at the sheer stupidity of everything that goes on -LRB- i mean everything -RRB- . Countless viewings is a must . Next time you go to a bar i dare you to yell out WEEE OOO WEEE OHHHH WEEEEEE !! You 'll be the hippest guy there .
 `` Kung Pow '' is very silly . It is perhaps the silliest exercise in cinema I have ever seen . It 's not smart silly like `` Young Frankensterin '' or is that Frankensteen ? It 's not even as sassy as `` Airplane ! '' or `` Spaceballs . '' But it is funny in a sophomoric kind of way . Director Steve Oedekerk seems himself into an old 1970s kung fu movie . He is funny and creates belly laughs throughout this movie . Needs a musical number just for real jokes , but overall a very enjoyable romp .
 This is the kind of goofy movie that lets you break out the popcorn , sit on the bedroom floor with a bunch of friends , and just laugh your heads off for an hour and a half . The jokes are both clever and wonderfully stupid . They will amuse , enthuse and most of all get you to laugh hysterically and remember the characters for their funny voices , silliness , and originality . There are so many gags worth mentioning in this movie that it 's best just to see it for oneself . A friend attempted to explain it to me before we watched it together , and every time something happened that I recalled her mentioning , I said `` AH ! '' But her descriptions , which were hilarious in themselves , could n't even have done it justice . Especially considering the wealth of other jokes I laughed at . I like to watch this movie more than once . You probably should too ; laughing is good for people . Try `` Kung Pow
 This is one of the best films i have ever seen . It has a good mix of comedy and a completly stupid story . i believe that anyone who has watched this movie would agree with me that it is a classic comedy movie made out of a serious 70 's film , which i suppose now that nobody would find it that serious . What i liked most about the movie was the mixture of the original cast members and new a new cast . Also the use of new animation technology for the fight scene with the cow . There is also alot of other things that i can say about the movie but i would rather you watch it for yourself .
 I owned this movie for many years on DVD and Literally wore it out . The HD version is great , Hysterical Movie !!!!!
 Hilarious movie . Streamed cleanly from Amazon . No problems with the playback . This is definitely a cult humor film with a special type of humor .
 I love this movie !! It 's so incredibly stupid , but I love it ! I still laugh and I 've seen it a ridiculous amount of times .
 awesome movie tight tight tight cool cool cooll cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool coool coo
 Kung Pow
 If you like great action and comedy this movie is for you . Dubbed Kung fu movie with new scenes equals greatness
 Craziest movie I have ever seen . It is hilarious . A must see for some good laughs as it spoofs kung fu movies
 I loved this movie ! They sent it quickly and it was really cheap too . I appreciated they 're patience and understanding as well with my address issue .
 Yeah , I know . When I first saw the ads I thought the movie was the most idiotic thing ever made . Then someone in my family rented it and convinced me to watch it . It was hilarious . Some of the gags are a little over the top , but most were incredibly funny and made good use of the original footage . It reminds me of Monty Python in the way that it is totally ridiculous but funny stuff . If you do n't enjoy this movie , it is because you and your little brain ca n't handle the world being out of order . Although you obviously do n't need to use your brain to watch this movie , you need to be intelligent enough to enjoy the humor of things being unrealistic . Congratulations to director/actor Oedekerk ; I would like to see a sequel . Let me leave you all with this thought
 Honestly I can say that even quoting this movie makes me double over in laughter . I originally saw this in the theatre , not knowing what to expect and laughed through the entire thing . I could n't wait for the DVD ! My roommates , co-workers and I can hold hours conversations based on this movie alone ! All I can say is critics lighten up ! It 's a great movie , worth seeing again and again because you catch more and more every time . I absolutely adore Evil Master Betty . He 's the best part of the entire movie .
 This is by far of the stupidest movies I 've ever seen ! I gave it 5 stars cause I was laughing SO hard almost to the point of crying ! This is a great film ! I ordered it off of -LSB- an online store -RSB- seconds after seeing it ... If you do n't see this movie that would be Badong ! -LRB- Bad Wrong , See the movie -RRB-
 I saw the trailer in the theatre , and followed it with the classic eye roll . I thought it would stink , and never gave it a second thought ... And , I can now say , that it was definitely the most misleading movie trailer I 've ever seen.One of my friends -LRB- who knows that I 've been an AVID MST3K fan for over a decade -RRB- told me that I should just buy this movie , sight unseen . I was going to love it , I was told.Still skeptical , I bought it , and proceeded to watch it 3 times that day ! Probably the funniest movie I 've seen in a while.If you love MST3K , you 'll love this movie . Comic genius . However , if I had to find something negative , the `` cow fight '' scene would be my only complaint , but it is brief , and easily passed . This movie was great and I ca n't wait for the next one.Why did they have to make the trailer so misleading ? More people should be checking this out , and it may now find it 's niche on home video .
 Oh my gosh ! This was the greatest and funniest movie ever created ! Even though it was trememdously stupid , it did it with humor . Better than `` Dumb and Dumber '' , or any other comedy movie out there . Definitely a movie to add to your DVD or VHS collection . Do n't miss this movie !
 Justice , indeed , for Kung Pow . The critics were horrendous when the movie came out in January . I 'm gald to see its better graded here , because this is one heck of a funny movie , especially if you know a bit about kung fu action flics and are `` mentally askew '' . I do n't buy many DVD 's -LRB- i currently have 3 -RRB- , but this one , i 'll be sure to buy .
 Though the reviews were bad , I saw this movie three times and loved it each time .
 As DJs now throw together different tunes for explosive new effect , so Steve Oedekerk uses visual tricks to insert himself -LRB- and a new plot -RRB- into a po-faced '70s Kung Fu movie.The result of all this madness is Kung Pow , a no-budget film with a few slow spots but many moments of priceless hilarity.All but one character 's voice dubbing work is Steve . Steve did the editing , re-shoots , writing , and plays the lead character `` Chosen One . '' He hunted countless scratchy old Hong Kong movies to deconstruct , eventually buying and restoring `` Tiger & Crane Fists '' for this movie.So Kung Pow is really a labour of -LRB- deranged -RRB- love , and a genuinely entertaining experience at a time when 100m budget films can be so overly slick and competent they leave zero impression.An inspiration for our affordable-tech generation . Get the DVD for a few precious out-takes , like the Evil Betty `` so sparkly '' scene , and Chosen One hiding in the giant bell .
 I NEVER laughed so hard !!! My favorite part was when the main character used the `` gopher chucks '' . It was so funny !!!! And the voices of that girl and Master Pain -LRB- I think that 's his name , i 'm talking about that badguy -RRB- were so funny !!
 If you enjoy movies like `` Airplane '' or `` Ace Ventura
 A funny spoof of an original movie . It makes us laugh out loud . We have watched it several times . I bought this for my hubby for Christmas .
 kung pow was by far the funnist movie i have seen to date its the kind of movie that would put in a good mood if you had a bad day their are tons of wacky characters and wacky stories if you have an open mind buy this movie
 Movies like Kung Pow ! Enter the Fist only come once in a blue moon . Thank god that blue moon comes.This is the most fun I 've ever had watching a movie . The story , the lines , the concept is so ridiculously absurd and stupid , but I would n't have it any other way . The jokes come fast - very fast . There 's so many laughs , I found it hard to breath by the end of the film.Every line is extremely quotable . Six months after you 've seen the film , you and your friends will still be saying , `` Beware Betty 's iron claws . They are sharp . And they hurt . * voice starts to waver while he begins to die * And beware his song about big butts ! HE BEATS YOU UP WHILE HE PLAYS IT !! `` This is not the movie to come to if you 're are looking for artsy type films , like Lost in Translation . This is the movie to come to if you 've had a bad day and you need to laugh ; because , I guarantee it , you 'll friggin ' laugh .
 This movie is so funny ! It 's got the worst story line ever , but who cares ?! It 's such a funny movie ! You 'll laugh almost all the way through . There are just so many jokes , I wo n't even start going into detail . Just watch it !!!
 I could not stop laughing through the entire movie . It is so goofy and silly or could it be just perfect . If you want some mature get something else . If you want to feel like the dork you were in junior high then get it .
 this seems to be one of those films you either love or hate , although most people i know absolutely love it . and it gets better if you watch it more . there are new , little things that one does n't catch during the first veiwing or two . a lot of the `` flashier '' scences that most people complain about are n't the funniest . true , during most of the scene with the fighting cow , or the baby fighting at the beginning are n't nearly as funny as all the little things throughout the rest of it . if you do n't pay attention to it , and just look for the big things like that , you 're missing out on a lot . but i would certiantly recommend seeing it with someone who has already seen it ... it seems to make it better -LRB- like with other movies such as monty python and the holy grail -RRB- . on the surface it did n't appear that funny , but i was really suprised when i first saw it ... it was great !
 I have read a few reviews about this film - most of which thought it was stupid and not that good . i thought it was hillarious and the stupidity of it made it that bit more funny . The way it was done was great , with the vioce over the old movie . My favourite character was Betty - he had the funniest voice and had some great lines . My favourite line is when the Chosen One says
 See the title of my review -- need I say more ? This movie has strokes of genius and also has some moments of embarrassingly stupid humor . But I ca n't really say it 's camp -LRB- as in `` camp
 Do yourself a favour , nestle down with a beer , a bag of popcorn and forget your sensibilities . This is a spoof to end all spoofs and if , as I heard , most professional reviewers did n't give it the time of day , then who need 's their pretentious misguidance anyway ? Of course it 's stupid , but it 's meant to be ! And whilst it wo n't have you rolling on the floor , it will bring a smile to your face as you remember every bad Kung Fu movie that smeared our screens over the past two decades . I loved it 's goofiness , the intentional bad editing , the atrocious dubbing . You 'd have to watch it twice to catch all the humour . It sure beats the corny Airplane and Naked Gun movies for it 's sense of parody . Loved it !!!!
 First let me say that I generally do not like moronic movies . This movie was the absolutely most moronic movie I have ever seen . I spent the first 15 minutes or so telling my husband how much he owed me for making me sit through it . Then I started laughing . And laughing . Then we rented it again , so the kids could see it . That was several weeks ago , and we 're all still quoting the movie several times a day . It just wo n't go away ! Just sitting here writing this , there are several scenes going through my head . Actually , I came to Amazon today to buy this movie for my husband for father 's day . I must be crazy ! Now I 'll never hear the end of it !
 With the conception of Kung Pow
 Okay this is definately one of those movies that you are nearly afraid to admit you loved ! In order to watch this movie you need to check your brain at the door and not take it seriously . Once you 've done this get ready to laugh your ... off ! I have n't seen a movie that made me laugh throughout like that in eons . This is quite an original approach to the mainstream spoofs and I think it was well done ! Some of the funny scenes made you say `` What the ? '' And then you burst out in laughter over its absurdity . Like the face on the tip of the main characters tongue . What the heck ? But I could n't help but laugh out loud . That is when you say , `` tongue in - tongue in cheek '' . If you want to see a movie with a group of friends and just get silly , watch this ! I sure hope that they will make a sequel ! I will be there to see it in the theatres . Enjoy it !
 I saw a part of this movie when I took my 7 and 9 year olds to see it and dropped in to see 30 seconds of it . They were laughing their heads off . I thought it was too stupid to watch and I went back to another movie . I rented the video from Blockbuster and my kids said they would tell me when to come watch the funny part - after a few seconds , they said -- '' Here somes the funny part '' -- It was actually funny . Before I could get up they said - ` Wait Dad - here 's another funny part '' and it was . Every time I tried to get up , they told me to wait and the ` funny part ' came a few seconds later . After 15 minutes , I was hooked and laughed my way through the whole thing -- a few times uncontrollably !! Then I got on Amazon.com and bought the CD . It reminds me of a good Mystery Science Theatre 2000 parody with wierdly wachy dubbed voiceovers like Crow and Bot used to do on MST 3K . My wife came in the middle of it and , like me before , she could n't see what was so funny . It 's one you need to sit down and enjoy . Maybe you need a couple of kids to watch it with . I 'll have to see how I react solo . I ca n't wait !!
 O.K. so , I 've seen the movie and now I 'm reading all these heartless people say how bad it is ! I have also read a lot about it and such . Steve Oedekerk wanted it to look cheesy and did an awsome job , I laughed at every little gag he put in -LRB- Except the cow fight ! -RRB- My friends and I Still say OOOEEEOOOEEEEOOOO , and laugh at each other , thats whats it 's all about , Adam Sandler does a great Job , and Steve , worked a wounder , in this film , I could ` nt belive that , anything could make me laugh sooooo hard , So if you do whatch this film , PLEASE , remember that , anything you see , that seems cheap and cheesy , `` He did ` nt have to do it that way '' But , he did for a reason !!!! GREAT JOB STEVE !!! OOOOOEEEEOOO .
 I am a lover of comedies with cheap , cheap laughs . I loved movies like scary movie 1 and 2 . But this movie is the king of all cheap laughs , every thing from the intentional bad dubbing to the one titted chick.My fave line in the movie is `` WOW THATS ALOT OF PEANUTS !! `` it isnt funy reading it , but trust me ...
 KUNG POW
 There 's not much I can say about writer-director Steve Oedekerk 's `` Kung Pow
 Every time I see this movie I find something new to enjoy . There are so many hilarious lines of dialogue . The bit about the iron claws , anytime someone dies , the bloody spots , and other parts of the movie are just so well done . The movie , in a way , reminds me of Monty Python . If you 've seen the Holy Grail and loved it , rent this .
 Kung Pow is one of the most hilarious movies I have ever seen . I 've seen it more than 15 times , and I still laugh out loud every time I see it . This movie uses footage from an old 1970 's Kung Fu movie and splices it together with some new footage made specially for this movie . This mishmash is then dubbed with cheesy sounding voices . It 's a completely nonsensical and silly movie . You wo n't be able to resist laughing . Perhaps the most famous scene in this movie is when the hero happens to find a cow and this cow jumps up and challenges him to a fight . There is even milk shooting out like the bullets in The Matrix . If you have a craving for a goofy movie , this is my top recommendation . If you do n't like goofy movies , then avoid it .
 Sometimes a movie 's best charm is in perfectly hitting upon a certain relaxed pace that lets a viewer just flow with its light screwball comedy . This movie did that for me . Sometimes specific episodes seemed like they 'd be tedious or boring in some movies , but this movie set its mood so precisely that they were welcome here . A movie like CROUCHING TIGER HIDDEN DRAGON , with its dead-serious tone demanding a creedence that was certainly stretched by scenes seeming to defy gravity and other things , invites having minor fun poked at it by a spoof like this . As such this movie is timely , and that perhaps increases its charm . Should someone call this film stupid , that would be hard to refute , but if stupid , it 's delightfully stupid . Maybe its success is due to being perfectly attuned in what it demands from its audience . I 've seen movies that were stupid but begged to be taken seriously , and watching them can range from embarrasing to insufferable . But KUNG POW
 It 's insane , and I 'm not talking about the movie ... yet . I 've seen reviews where the person is straining their vocabulary to make their negative review of this movie sound credible and intelligent . Truthfully , reviews have to be intelligent if they are going to be negative , -LRB- the critic 's reputation depends on it -RRB- but this movie does n't deserve such spellchecking . It is stupid and wonderful and that 's all that matters . Why ? That 's a question you almost do n't need to ask . Either you like this movie or you do n't , -LRB- but even if you do n't you may eventually change your mind -RRB- . For the record , writer director Steve Oedekerk has taken an obscure Hong Kong movie from the 70s , digitally transferred it , and incorporated new footage of his own and redubbed the voices for some well needed comedic insanity . The result is something you do n't need the IQ of say ... a movie critic -LRB- * ahem * -RRB- to appreciate . Sometimes in life , things do n't make sense nor do they need to . I imagine that movie critics would pee themselves if it were the case that every movie have a perfect plot and the same kind of `` intellectual '' comedy ... but what 's life without variety ? The very fact that this movie , -LRB- that some even have the nerve to call the worst ever -RRB- has found a nice `` cult '' fanbase and is rated so highly in fan reviews is proof that movie critics sometimes collectively drop the ball on certain reviews to make themselves appear quite respectable ... they should be thanking their lucky stars that they have a job at all.The plot itself is very typical , -LRB- as far as the kung-fu master seeking revenge bit goes -RRB- although it is n't necessary to enjoy the movie . A special child is born to a small family in ancient China , and according to prophecy a child such as this -LRB- with a special `` birthmark '' -RRB- is destined to stop the holy council from it 's diabolical plan , -LRB- which we may not know until the second movie -RRB- . Thusly , a gang of murderers lead by Master Pain goes to the family 's home to murder them and wipe out the child ... The Chosen One . Master Pain kills the family , however he finds out very quickly that killing Chosen , even as a baby , is not so easy . Chosen is very skilled in kung-fu , even in infancy -LRB- and here begins the insanity -RRB- and he fights Master Pain 's attacks off quite skillfully . In a rage Master Pain barracades the child in the family 's house and burns it to the ground.Chosen jumps out and barely escapes the flames , only to crawl away and roll down a very long and -LRB- very rocky -RRB- hill . He is found near the middle by a peasant woman , who picks him up ... and drops him once again to roll down the rest of the hill . That very act should set up how ridiculous this movie is going to be . If you are n't prepared for these kinds of surprizes to continue , then this movie is n't for you . Chosen One then is found and raised by rodents -LRB- cheap joke but certainly nowhere near the best in the movie -RRB- . Throughout his life he is hunted , and so constantly fighting for his life his fighting skills are quite amazing as he walks along ... searching for Master Pain , to kill him and avenge his family.In the vien of Airplane , Naked Gun and Hot Shots , this movie is complete lunacy ... even more-so than those mentioned if you can imagine that . Some have compared it to Woody Allen 's `` What 's Up Tiger Lily ? '' because it combines old movie footage with new footage , but that 's where the similarity ends . Steve Oedekerk wanted complete freedom from the constraints of comedy rules for this movie , and that 's exactly what we get . However unlike the similar genre of improvisational comedy , this movie is edited to include the most funny moments and dialogue -LRB- mostly -RRB- . Some notions in life are thought about too much when the solution is obvious , so for this movie you may have to regress a little bit to realise how funny it can be -LRB- whatever substances you may or may not use to do so is out of my control -RRB- . And there are all different kinds of laughs to be appreciated here . Most of them are things I 'd forgotten was funny during my childhood , but that 's not to say that they are completely immature.Maybe some reviewers felt the need to bash Steve Oedekerk because he not only starred in the movie , but he also wrote it , directed it , produced it , and did most of the voice overs . And while it may seem arrogant , nothing could be further from the truth . This was an experiment ... just like the anime Furi Kuri , or the first Star Wars movie , or video games like the original Super Mario Bros. , and as such I 'm sure that the director may have concluded that the results could have completely backfired . However the results are in fact more impressive than most of Steve 's other works like the `` Thumbs '' series or Jimmy Neutron , or even Ace Ventura . He could have easily gone the way of complete gross-out jokes that many former SNL cast member 's seem so commited to , -LRB- vile though they may be -RRB- ... he could have throw a lot of sex and flashy images at the audience , he could have even vindictively directly parodied certain films which `` deserve '' it . But he kept things in balance , and he directs with a kind of innocence -LRB- that oddly went against Ace Ventura 's character traits for the sequel he directed -RRB- . The original movie from which half of this film is taken , -LRB- called Tiger and Crane Fists -RRB- was directed by Jimmy Wang Yu , and Oedekerk directed his film in exactly the same way . Even when fighting a computer generated cow , the footage matches the old footage extremely well , -LRB- although the DVD version cleans the newer footage up a bit too well -RRB- . There is some very good composit work done to make Steve O fit into the old footage , many are love connection scenes with a character from the original film named Ling . The curly cues on her face and cute demeanor would make anyone swoon . Other original film characters make similarly interesting appearances , such as Master Tang of the crane style Kung Fu school . He becomes likable because of Steve 's silly voice over and his hilarious dialogue . And the humor in the antics of the individual characters is where the movie shines , even though the new footage has it 's moments , the re-edited old footage feels like long lost comedic genius that was lost in time . Steve must be thanked for fleshing this idea out.So what 's so funny ? There are some jokes about bodily fluids , but they are somewhat clever yet unique . Still they are few and far between , so you need n't worry . Most of the jokes are about the ridiculous English dubbing and strange scenerios made in Hong Kong movies of the 70s , literal impossiblities of time and space , and how often times heros and villians over-emphasize their strengths . And they are easily grasped once you appreciate the actual voice work , -LRB- if sometimes needing a `` getting used to '' -RRB- which was done entirely by Steve Oedekerk with one exception . Some reviewers have gone on record to say that the jokes repeat themselves making the movie too long of a skit , I never felt such a feeling when watching the movie and as of yet have no idea of what they 're referring to.-So 5 stars ? Yes.-Why ? Because the movie does exactly what it 's supposed to , it 's extremely funny if you are n't too high brow of a movie expert , plus the DVD is packed with extras.-Would you recommend this to anyone ? Yes , and everyone . Everyone should see this movie at least once , but not take it so seriously.-Is the DVD worth buying ? Yes , because you gain a lot of insight into the reasons for the making of this movie , how the movie was made , and the extras are plentiful -LRB- even more-so than some supposedly `` big '' movies -RRB- . You can even watch the movie with the original Mandarin Chinese and Gibberish English dialogue done before Odedekerk 's voice overs.-Who is Tonguey ? You 'll just have to find out.-Will there be a sequel ? Supposedly we 'll be seeing Kung Pow 2
 I understand that TIGER AND CRANE FISTS was a serious martial arts flick , and then the creator of this took that flick and dubbed it with new sound to make a comedy . Seems the video portion of the original was surprisingly adaptable for this purpose . If you thought that CROUCHING TIGER , HIDDEN DRAGON was a cinematic gem , then you might find tinkering with martial arts films like this to be a sacrilege . But if you thought CROUCHING TIGER , HIDDEN DRAGON was overrated , then you just might think it could stand some of the same treatment that created this present spoof . Those who like farce should find a lot of laughs in KUNG POW ! ENTER THE FIST . For those of us who find martial arts films to be a hit-and-miss proposition , a spoof like this can be a refreshing diversion . It had me thinking what other films I might like to see twisted this way , not necessarily with total disrespect for the originals . I thought of Jackie Chan movies , for example . I really sort of like Jackie , but surely I 'm not alone in finding that plot lucidity is sometimes not the strong suit in his movies . So it got me to wondering if any of his might be given this sort of treatment and maybe even produce sometimes a movie more coherent than the original . But for that matter , why limit it to the martial arts genre ? It 's equally intriguing to wonder what this kind of re-dubbing might do with THE VIRGIN SUICIDES or VANILLA SKY or INSOMNIA . Maybe even WHAT DREAMS MAY COME or MEET JOE BLACK ? Well , that might be asking too much .
 I 've watch hundreds , perhaps thousands of movies in my life . I only own one DVD though , and this is it . Do n't let the previews or commercials fool you . They show some of the worst parts of the movie . Despite being a very stupid movie , it 's also one of the most creative , original , and just plain funny movies ever made.Half this movie is not original , but is taken directly from an old 1970s Hong Kong Film . What better way to spoof an old martial arts films then to actually use the film itself . Using modern technology , the main character , the Chosen One , is inserted into the old film , replacing the original main star . Then the whole movie is dubbed . Let me just say that those voices are the most hilarious voices ever . For anyone who has watched old Kung Fu films and made fun of them -LRB- especially the dubbing -RRB- , or any fan of Mystery Science Theater 3000 , this movie is great.The characters are enjoyable , especially the dreaded enemy , Master Tang , or as he likes to be called , Betty , or Wimp Lo , a young fighter who was trained wrong as a joke.The DVD extras are great . The cut scenes are funny , but the alternative audio tracks are hilarious . The commentary gives a glimpse of the comic genius that created this film . There is also the Book on Tape track , where only one British guy , in the an extremely proper accent , dubs the whole movie itself . Finally , there is the what they were really saying track , where the actors , in order to preserve the bad dubbing quality of the 70s films speak entirely different lines than what is actually dubbed . Pretty darn funny.If you appreciate creativity , originality , and a funny , stupid movie , you have to check this DVD out .
 Okay , so you 've seen the commercials , the trailers , the magazine ads , and I 'll agree that they did the movie no justice . Sometimes you have to swallow your pride and take the risk of watching a movie that could be potentially bad or potentially great . This movie will entertain a certain audience ; an audience that can sit back and say , `` This is a low-budget movie with a crazy man at the helm . I am ready for anything . '' If you do n't like spending money on a movie that might make you say , `` That was ridiculous ! Why would anyone say/do/suggest that kind of thing in this situation ?? '' then do n't spend your money on this movie , because you will not truly appreciate this hour and a half of raw and senseless slapstick comedy.Steve Oedekerk plays a martial arts prodigy aptly dubbed The Chosen One who is stuck in the typical 70 's Hong Kong Action Flick storyline
 Steve Oedekerk -LRB- the writer of the film BRUCE ALMIGHTY -RRB- directed , wrote and starred in this quite silly kung fu spoof . Though one hesitates to call it groundbreaking , KUNG POW is genuinely remarkable , in that much of it is composed of scenes from a 1977 Chinese film with modern actors smoothly and digitally inserted into them . Watch the credits at the end for examples of what I 'm talking about.Because of this creative juxtaposition , KUNG POW manages to create a comedic atmosphere that is uniquely its own . It really does `` feel '' like a vintage martial arts film , yet the dialogue is so extraordinarily silly and the timing is so odd , it just wrings laughs out of you.SIDELIGHT
 When I went to see Kung Pow , I did n't know that it took scenes from a classic kung fu movie , Savage Killers , aka Tiger and Crane Fists , and inserted writer/dubber/director Steve Oedekerk -LRB- of Thumb Wars fame -RRB- as the main character , with new scenes spliced in . They did such a great job that I did n't even realize till the shots at the end of how it was made that the female lead was from the original movie , and not a new character . The special effects were all a kick in the pants , if you 'll forgive me , especially the Matrix-style fight with the cow . Why a cow ? I dunno , but it 's pretty funny and very well done . I 'm looking forward to the DVD to see if there are any `` making of '' extras . Apart from the well-executed premise and effects , Kung Pow ! is a great choice for anybody who digs the type of spoof humor in Scary Movie and Airplane . I 'm looking forward to the DVD to see if there are any `` making of '' extras .
 If you do n't like this movie then simply turn it off , it 's not your speed . If you 're a fan of films like ` Scary Movie ' or better yet ` Monty Python ' then this is a movie for you . Dubbing himself into a 1976 Hong Kong film , Steve Oedekerk gives us one hilarious acid trip of a film complete with quirky dialog and hilarious special effects . Spoofing everything that makes classic Kung Fu films so funny in the first place and adding a touch of modern cinema like a Matrix fighting cow , ` Kung Pow ! Enter the Fist ' delivers laugh after laugh after laugh . So little tonguey may be ridiculous , but renaming the villain Betty was a classic stroke of genius !
 My review will be short and to the point - this movie is quirky , one-of-a-kind and still funny after repeated viewings . It is destined to become a cult classic !
 First off , I have read all the one-star reviews and you guy 's are missing the whole point of the movie . You say that the movie is bad because of the acting , well guess what , its supposed to be ! Now , I do think that martial arts movies and comedy do not mix well together , which is probably why the movie ended up with such bad results , but somehow , the plot is so stupid and simple , that it makes it incredibly funny . The stupid one-star reviewers are obviously incredibly high because I guess they thought that this was supposed to be a real martial arts movie , when actually , that was just the premise . The producer chose a crappy martial arts movie , added a couple of characters and extra scenes , and turned it into a comic masterpiece . There is even a dumb f*ck on here who said and I quote , `` punching a hole through a person is incredibly unrealistic . I know it 's a movie , but it overdoes it '' or something like that . Please , how many movies have been unrealistic ? Just about every horror movie , alien movies , movies like the sixth sense , and pretty much any action/adventure movie . Face it , movies are practically made to be unrealistic , unless they are movies based on a true story . So to say that kung pows fighting scenes are too unrealistic is like saying that the dawn of the dead is a true story . Now aside from all the douchebag , retarded one-star reviewers , this movie has got to be one of the funniest movies ever . I have watched a lot of comedies -LRB- probably because comedy is my favorite genre of movie -RRB- , and the only movie that has been funnier than this one is South Park
 This is movie is HILARIOUS . My friends and I quote it all the time . I do n't understand how many people do n't like it . Its one of those hit-or-miss movies , I guess . If you love stupid humor , you 'll love this . I love this movie !
 First off , this movie is STUPID . I ca n't even really think of another movie to compare it 's stupidity to but its also insanley funny . Every silly inmperfection you can think of in real martial arts movies is there completley exagurated and a whole lot more . I was laughing almost non-stop and even though I 've probably watched this movie atleast 10 times I still ca n't help myself from chuckling throughout the movie . Just thinking of the movie brings a smile to my face . There are quite a few people who do n't like this movie , but if you keep an open mind , do n't expect some state of the art , deep and moving epic , and REALIZE THAT THE BAD DUBBING IS ON PURPOSE , you 'll have a blast .
 THIS MOVIE IS CERTAINLY NOT FOR EVERBODY!It is about as stupid as stupid can get , but very funny.If you like old kung-fu movies and `` stupid-funny '' type humor , you should pick up this movie . It 's crazy !!!
 THE STORY : A babys family was slaughtered by master payn -- I mean Betty . The baby must now send master -- bewtty to jail ... . or at least get his revenge before betty destorys the world with help from the most evil concil.HOW IT WAS : Excellent . funniest movie I 've ever seen . With no slanders to religon either . Some people look for a lot of depth and moral in movies , but come on . we all need to sit back relax laugh untill it hurts then start crying no stop ha ha ha ha ha ha haTHE DVD ITSELF : great sound great picture . great features . heck the featurs are so good and well hidden I would buy it just for the fatures . I would buy the features and the movie serately for the same low price . buy it . youll like itIN CON CON IM DONE : dont let them get you down when they say its no good . `` they '' dont know what theyre taliing about . BUY IT NOW .
 To describe Steve Oedekerk as a brilliant comedic genius would be a gross understatement . This is without a doubt the most hilarious film I have seen in my entire life !! I could not sit through this movie without laughing out loud incessantly , so much so that I was bawling out in pain afterwards from the continuous laughter . Thank God for Steve Oedekerk.Enough said .
 Is there anyone who just , sort-of liked this film or just sort of did n't like this film ? It appears not ! I 'm not sure what the detractors were expecting from a guy that makes `` Thumb '' movies . If you went into a theatre , rented the video or -LRB- gasp !! -RRB- bought the movie with any expectations ... SHAME ON YOU !! Here 's how I `` stumbled '' into `` The Fist '' and imediatley laughed my -LRB- expletive -RRB- off !! I was looking for `` Big Trouble in Little China '' on DVD when I found it packaged in a 2-pack with `` Kung Pow ; Enter the Fist '' . The 2-pack was $ $ more than BTiLC all by itself . I actually hesitated . I thought `` do I really want to spend 2 bucks extra for a film I had ` nt even concidered buying ? '' I decided to take the plunge . To this day it is still my crowning achievement in DVD purchasing savvy . This said , my expectations for this film were ZERO!The first time I watch `` Kung Pow '' I was eating lunch -LRB- turkey on Italien with mustard and a pickle -RRB- . I giggled , pretty much non-stop , through the first 20 minutes . Then , I just smiled amusingly for about 20 minutes . Then I laughed so hard I nearly choked on my sandwich -LRB- seriously -RRB- . Dispite this trauma , I continued to laugh myself to tears . The cause of this disgusting display was an out-of-the-blue moment were Ling -LRB- ? -RRB- , the female lead with the voice of Miss Piggy , inexplicably `` quacked '' like a duck with strep throat . Now , the whole film is not funny . Some scenes just try too hard . But , overall , I enjoyed myself enough that in retrospect , I would certainly have paid regular price for it.So why the discrepancies in reviews ? Why the `` all or nothing '' ? I still have not figured it out . I loaned my DVD to a co-worker , insisting it is the funniest thing I 've seen in recent memory . He said it was `` sophmoric '' and painfull to watch . I responded `` OF COURSE IT 'S SOPHMORIC !! WHAT DID YOU EXPECT !? '' This from a person who is a Monty Python geek !? Now , I love the `` Holy Grail '' but I did not , EVER , laugh hard at that film . Holy Grail elicited chuckles but never good , from the gut , belly laughs as Kung pow did . Now do n't think I 'm comparing the 2 as films , I 'm comparing their ability to make me laugh -LRB- which admittedly is not difficult -RRB- . Is this a stupid movie ? Of course!Is this a great film ? Of course not !! Is there a story , great acting , breathless imagery ... ... a point ? OF COURSE NOT !!! If you expect any of those things , bow out now . If you want a mindless , nonsensical , technically amazing , extra feature filled , sophmoric , ideotic , Kung Fu `` spoof '' -LRB- term used loosely -RRB- then you just might find this amusing . Absolutely rent or borrow it first if you have any doubts .
 This movie acurately portraits the lifestyle and use of the martial arts in life . It shows that the martial arts can be used correctly as a form of channeled violence in order to achieve your goals in life . In conclusion , babies can use karate , the french are aliens that tried to invade China , and cows are inflatable .
 I have always been a fan of spaceballs , airplane and the like . But this one takes the cake ! with non-stop belly-laughs and chuckles , this will keep you laghing for days . Hilarious lines and scenes send you on a comedy roler-coaster ride ! with take-offs on The Matrix and Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , this is a must for spoof lovers . Enjoy the show ! I know I did .
 If you like deep thought provoking plots , and amazing story telling , this fim is not for you . This has the thinest plot I 've ever seen , but that was n't the point of a movie . This is n't even a movie , it 's a series of skits to tell a very very thin plot , but it winds up being extremely hilarious ! The opening sequence is classic ! If you enjoy those old kung fu movies , you must see this ! This is an incredibly stupid movie , but in a good way . It 's a movie you can watch over and over again and keep laughing about how stupid it is . The sequel is in the works , and it looks good . Oh yeah , remember the bad english dubbing on those movies , this film takes it to the next level ! A definate must see for slapstick fans . If you like long drawn out plots and great character developement , then do n't see this , but if you just wan na have some fun , this is the film for you . KUNG POW
 Yes this may very well be one of the dumbest movies I have seen ... but that 's really what 's so great about it ! Do n't get me wrong , I love the high brow biscotti/cappuccino `` films '' just as much as the next self important , pretentious `` film '' goer , but this atrocity truly showed me how good a bad film could be , and how.First of all I think I should point out that this movie will mean alot more to a viewer that has some experience or -LRB- even better -RRB- is a fan of low grade Hong Kong action flicks . Because basically that 's what your getting . I mean what better source material for a spoof of a bad Kung Fu movie , than an actual bad Kung Fu movie starring Steve Oedekerk ? It 's a brilliant move in my opinion.Basically what Oedekerk did was take an obscure Kung Fu film and edit it with the addition of his own `` new '' storyline , and of course himself ... and tonguey.So what you end up with is one of the better `` spoof '' movies I have ever seen ! They dubbed over all the old voices , including the newly shot scenes , to give that special 70 's Kung Fu flavor , and that 's where most of the fun really is . The dialogue , which ranges from odd placement adds
 That 's right , you heard me . I ca n't believe this movie has only a 3.9 rating . I guess all the 40 year old yuppies who think the funniest movie ever is The Royal Rennenbaums ... . Steve Oderkerk did n't make this film with hopes of beating the Fellowship of the Ring at the Oscars lasy year.Anyway , this has got to be the funniest movie I have ever seen . I saw it in theaters and laughin 'till I cried at least 3 times . The whole thing 's funny , but what is really hilarious are the people 's voices -LRB- which some people find `` annoying '' -RRB- and what comes out of their mouth ... Almost every single word a person says in this movie is something -LSB- funny -RSB- , from the Animal Song to the `` LOOK ! A WHALE ! '' , you will -LSB- laugh and laugh -RSB- even more with friends.Anyway , take my advice and SEE THIS MOVIE . It is hilarious . ...
 Movies that I treasure
 Oedekerk 's admiration and respect for those old Hong Kong kung fu movies shines through this great parody . Listen to his commentary -- he repeatedly praises the original cast & crew of Tiger & Crane Fists . This is one of my favorite guilty pleasures . The extras are well-done , and Oedekerk 's commentary provides a lot of interesting background info . Be sure to listen to the alternate audio tracks
 Right from the very start the antics begin ... from the `` kung-fu baby '' to the one-breasted lady right down to the `` karate cow '' . . it 's too funny . . I have n't laughed this hard since `` Ghostbusters '' . A truly funny movie .
 Stupid and funny . My 12 year old son and I -LRB- 47 -RRB- laughed alot and then I put on What 's Up Tiger Lily.-A sort of original version of this type of film but with out much `` new '' footage . Both really funny . Woody has the better script but we laughed at both !
 This movie is really dumb . That 's what makes it so funny ! People have to have a good sense of humor to enjoy this movie .
 This was an absolutely hilarious movie . You ca n't go to this movie expecting oscar caliber anything . Its just a silly movie that everyone needs now and then ... . the cow scene was NOT the funniest part . It was n't even that funny . You have to see past the bad scenes to see how this comedy really shines , and shine it does . Throughout the entire movie , the voices have been done in that bad , japanese dub , which just adds to the hilarity . The randomness of everything is what had me rolling in the aisles . An old man talking when a butterfly flies down his throat , the guy trying to jump over a wall , but instead flying into it , and i ca n't say enough about Betty -LRB- aka Master Pain -RRB- . The only bad thing is that the story is forgetable . But , if you like The Three Stooges , Dumb & Dumber , or you just plain wan na laugh , Kung Pow is the movie for you .
 When I first bought tickets to see this movie , I was a little skeptical . Sure , it would have a few good laughs , but overall , it would just be another waste of five bucks . ...
 This film was actually created using old footage from a previously unreleased chinese karate movie ! The director -LRB- and star of the movie -RRB- Steve Oedekerk goofed with the original footage to create Kung Pow . Watch the film with this in mind and you can really appreciate the humor ! The way he manipulated the original story and scenes into a slapstick comedy is either genius or insane ... Either way , it works !
 This movie is extremely stupid and rediculous , but this is not a bad thing , for it is also one of the funniest movies ever ! Anyone who likes to laugh should see it.For any of those who have seen it : OOOOOOOWEEEEEEEEEOOOOOOOOOOWEEEEEOOOOOOOWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEOOOOOO !
 If you like spoofs , stupid comedies , or great slapstick , you 'll LOVE `` Kung Pow '' ! To me , it is the greatest comedy of all time . -LRB- But thats just me . -RRB- I think that there is no funnier comedy around.It was hillarious . WARNING
 I was so impressed by the film . Oedekerk has really outdone himself . It was a masterpiece for its genre . I laughed the whole way through !
 When my friends and I got to the theater last night , I was thinking to myself , `` This is going to be the dumbest movie I have ever seen ! '' and it was ! There is no point to this movie whatsoever , and is probably the most ... movie of the year , but it is also one of the funniest movies I have ever seen !!! The whole movie is dubbed , and that , I think , was very creative . Me , -LRB- or any of my friends -RRB- couldnt stop laughing ! The only part of the movie that really was n't that funny was the scene where `` The Chosen One '' fights the cow . But besides that , the movie is hilarious . Many people might walk out within the first 10 minutes of the movie , but I encourage you to watch the whole thing . So if you are looking for a funny movie to see , see this one .
 This may be funny for the regular fan of comedies but for kung fu fans , this hits a totally new level of funny . Personally , I do n't think I would 've enjoyed this movie nearly as much if I had n't been watching kung-fu for so long . But not just kung-fu , bad kung-fu . I only own the good stuff but I 've seen enough bad ones to get alot of the jokes going on in this movie . Basically , this movie almost killed me . I laughed so hard for so long , I almost could n't breath . I had n't seen anything so funny in a long time and it 's been almost as long since.Suprisingly though , I did n't see this in the movie theater . I remember the previews for it and thought it was just going to be stupid . I was dead wrong . I ended up renting it shortly after it came out on video and still did n't expect much . Not long into it , I was in tears . My girlfriend thought I had lost my mind as she had never seen me lose it like that . I agree as it 's rare that anything can crack me up like this movie did . Coincidentally , the next movie on my list that has such an effect on me is ` Ace Ventura : When Nature Calls ' , which is also directed by Steve Oedekerk who stars in and directs ` Kung Pow ' . Although Jim Carrey was fantastic in the last ` Ace ' , I think the teaming of the 2 made it comedy magic.The funniest things about this film are that Oedekerk really knows and gets kung-fu films . He knows exactly what 's funny about them . The things that all kung-fu movie watchers chuckle at when watching a particularly bad one . Even the better ones have some , what ? , moments in them that can only be explained as bad writing or bad translation . Here , Oedekerk focuses on those and makes them the focus of almost all the characters dialog and personalities . I guess as most any spoof goes , you have to know the original material for it to hit on that deeper level and ` Kung Pow ' is an absolute bullseye shot at kung-fu . For me , one of the better aspects about Oedekerks ' films is that they 're basically clean . He does n't indulge in cussing to make dialog funnier or gratuitous nudity for cheap thrills like today 's comedies . No , he just sticks close to the source of silliness and does n't get side tracked . Kung Pow never tries to be serious or anything other than an 81 min . joke . Because of that , this movie totally succeeds.The audio and video are n't really worth mentioning here as it 's not the type of movie that you 'll care as long as it works and it does . The picture is clean , colorful and bright and the audio is clear and discernable on all levels . You 'll be having so much fun , you 'll forget to check anyways . Personally , I do n't think I could watch it just to check the sources . Other than that , the graphics and edits are cheesy but perfect here for what it 's doing . Even though it looks fake , the cow is hilarious !!! The dubbing over the old film footage is also crazy funny . It reminds me of an old show called ` Putting on the Hits ' , where actors would improv voice overs for old films . It used to crack me up and it works here too as the majority of the movie is an old kung-fu movie dubbed with new dialog.I 'm not sure how well this movie will do for people who do n't watch kung-fu but I can positively guarantee that it 'll have the fans in stitches . So for the casual fan of comedies , give it a rent . For the kung-fu fan , buy it now and watch it immediately . If you do n't laugh , check your pulse cause your probably dead .
 When you look at reviews of DVDs have you noticed how many complaints there are about DVD quality ? Half the DVDs I buy anymore are plagued with skipping and sticking . I have a brand new player and had to stop the disk take it out and clean it before it 'd work correctly.The movie itself is very funny and the grandkids enjoyed it . If you like sick PG-13 humor , this is a good choice .
 Pure brilliance is what this is . People who do n't like this are people that have a standard boring sense of humour and regard pieces of lame -LSB- ... -RSB- as funny or hilarious . Or they 're people that think every single movie has to have a deep , complex , serious storyline to be good or notable . People like that need to go get some gopher chucks and shove them in their Tonguey . My name is Betty !
 This movie is hilarious and an instant classic . It has parts from an old '70s movie and mixes them with quirky voices and a few new scenes such as the cow fight scene . I recomend this to anyone with good sense of humor . Everyone should watch this movie at least once .
 This movie is awesome !!!! My favorite part is when that one guy fights the cow . You could tell that the cow costume was just a costume , though . There 's a sequal , Kung Phooey , which I have n't seen yet , and it 's rated R.
 The first time or two you watch this movie , you 'll hate it , mostly because it 's too different to truly pay attention to the comedy . But trust me , it 's worth watching a couple times because it really is one of the greatest comedies of all time .
 ever sense i can remember i love the comedy in , it made me laugh as a kid and it still makes me laugh even now as a adult . i highly recommend if you like comedy to check this out
 Came on time , as described , would order again , best viewed under the influence but not necessary as it 's that funny
 Funny movie . I liked it . Different . Wish there would 've been a part two . Seen this when I was younger , brings back memories seeing it again .
 At first i was like this is going to be just a run of the mill comedy but i laughed from beginning to end . By far one of the funniest films ive ever seen . Omg its worth the watch !
 My family loved this movie . We use little phrases from the movie constantly `` Chosen One ! '' . Some parts may be inappropriate for small children , but nothing too shocking . A great extra feature was seeing how they were able to blend an old classic kung fu movie with modern day actors .
 I absolutely LOVE this movie . Its one of my top favorites of all time . Shipping was blazing fast . There was alot of extras in this DVD . Alot of stuff I havent seen before . In the end this movie is funny from start to finish . A must watch with the whole family .
 I loved this movie when I first saw it years ago , and it 's still funny now.To a person who enjoys shows like Mystery Science Theater 3000 or just watching foreign movies and dubbing over them yourself with your friends , this is the perfect DVD .
 This is perhaps the funniest movie I have ever seen . I pride myself in being sophisticated and intellectual , but I am a sucker for stupid humor . And this movie is probably the stupidest of them all . This , of course , is what makes it insanely funny . However , it seems as though everyone here either loves it or hates it . The people who love it take it for what it is , a hilariously stupid martial arts parody , and the people who hate it try to take it too seriously . I had my friend watch it , and for the first twenty minutes he had a `` what the hell is giong on ? '' look on his face , but then he let let go and enjoyed it . You really just have to take it as it comes to you and let yourself laugh at its blatant stupidity.This movie was made with the actual footage of a 70 's martial arts film from Hong Kong , dubbed with the dumbest , funniest script ever -LRB- even the dog is dubbed -RRB- , and with writer Steve Oedekerk edited into the picture . At this point , hilarity insues , and lasts from beginning to end , including everything from using a lighter to light the torch to catch the house on fire to our hero Chosen One being caputered and subdued by a tiny net -LRB- hence the title of my review -RRB- . And you must remember that this is not a martial arts movie , but a spoof of one . It also makes spoofs on other movies ranging from The Lion King -LRB- Mu-shu-fasa -RRB- to The Matrix -LRB- slow-motion milk dodging scene when fighting a cow -RRB- . Also , there is a significant Holy Grail vibe to this movie with the redundant but funny scenes . So if you are a fan of Monty Python , then you will really appreciate the humor in this movie.This is a must-see for anyone who wants to laugh their pants off .
 Hello everyone . First i will like to say that this is one of the most HILARIOUS stupid movies ive ever seen . I could not stop laughin at this . The script is incredibly rediculous , which is good . And i like the mocking of old kung fu films with the bad lip synching . The movie sometimes , was actually too funny , which is awesome . The stuff from babies bein thrown down hills to The CHOSEN ONE doin some mid air kick which looks like somethin off of pinnocheo was STUUUPANDOUS.The only part i did n't get was that weird animal that jumped out of nowhere . It looked like somethin off of animal planet . I almost forgot , there is somethin that got old in this movie , The WEE-OHH WEE-OHH WEE sounds from that stupid girl . The squeeky shoes character almost made me unload some fecies into my pants cuz i laughed so hard . Every character was hilarious except for that one girl , and whoever came up with the idea with this movie needs a pat on the back . I hope there is a sequel to this , and it better come out soon cuz its been a while .
 Take one mid-70 's Hong Kong marital arts flick , disassemble it , add a bunch of footage and digital effects , and this is what you get . A very bizarre spoof of martial arts films that absolutely skewers the genre yet celebrates it at the same time.The film is stupid , okay ? If you do n't laugh at incredibly stupid films , then do n't watch this.This film is really the equivalent of several funny people sitting on a couch and cracking lots of jokes and non-sequiters . Nothing is sacred , nothing is off-limits . -LRB- I take that back - there is a profound lack of cussing in this film , the whole thing appears to be ready to show in prime-time tv . -RRB- The result is a lot of humor that really is only funny if you enjoy that kind of humor in the first place - it 's not universal , nor is it thought-provoking . It 's just funny.The DVD itself is very well done , lots of good features , high-quality all the way . The commentary is really fun to listen to , and the original dialogue feature is interesting .
 ON a late night when you 're totally bored silly , is there anything better than stupid humor ; of course not . Kung Pow delivers beautifully , everything is hilarious about this movie and I especially reccommend this to anyone around the age of 14 . Every line is very very very funny . BUY IT NOW
 This is very easily the funniest movie I have ever watched . My friends and I were laughing almost the whole time .
 O.K. ; warning ... I am of the Airplane/Top Secret school of comedy ... dumb jokes make me laugh . I went to see this in the theater and laughed my socks off , while some people angrily left the room . You will either love or despise this movie.To make this , Steve Oedekerk shot new scenes for and redubbed an existing 1970 's Chinese Kung Fu movie . All the obligatory jokes are made regarding mismatched dubbing of voices , including a dog whose bark you hear 2 seconds after his mouth moves . The virginal heroine is made provocative and kooky , thanks to some hilarious editing trickery . And , of course , what movie of the early millenium would be complete without a `` Matrix '' spoof/homage ? DVD includes audio commentary by Oedekerk , deleted scenes , footage from original Chinese movie , and some really weird music videos and shorts . Highly recommended !
 Let me just start off saying that I did n't think that I 'd like this film at all . The previews made me want my money back already -LRB- I saw the preview at Black Hawk Down -RRB- , and after seing Steve Oedekerk 's flat-out AWFUL sequel to Ace Ventura , I decided to skip this one . I kept seeing it in stores , and I ultimately decided to give it a chance . I did n't realize this , but the film is actually a 1970 's Japanese film with Steve Oedekerk 's head superimposed on the main charecter , and the soundtrack dubbed over . You might be thinking , `` Is this one of those films that would work as a five-minute skit but nothing longer ? '' The answer is no . This film made me laugh out loud throughout . The picture is not very crisp , but since it was a 1970 's film from Japan , you ca n't expect much . Steve Oedekerk intentionally shot his parts on bad film , and everything blends . Steve Oedekerk is really the only actor except the original one 's . Just a wonderful and creative effort . The dvd has neverending deleted scenes , and great visual features . Thank you for taking the time to read my review . Feel free to leave me a helpful/not helpful feedback .
 Steve Oedekerk , the warped mind that gave us Thumb Wars -LRB- parody of Star Wars -RRB- , Thumbtanic -LRB- parody of Titanic -RRB- and the infamous Blair Thumb , now inflicts upon us his bizarre humor in Kung Pow.This is not a movie that will stretch your cerebral cortex , and is probably best enjoyed while on thorazine . It is a dumb movie , nearly tragically so , but despite my personal cynicism , I found myself laughing right out loud . Perhaps the reason this movie seems funny is that Kung Pow is almost as stupid as most of the martial arts movies themselves . Stupid begets stupid , but at least Oedekerk employed creative and entertaining stupidity.Do not mistake my meaning here , as I was entirely entertained watching this movie . If the viewer can appreciate `` ludirous as art '' , they will find this an entertaining movie . With wild abandon , Oedekerk unleashes his wit on everything in sight , particularly other movies , such as the Matrix.Personally , I do not see this movie being any more , nor less ludicrious , than many Jett Li movies or those of Bruce Lee or Jackie Chan . Lets be ruthlessly honest . Some of the traditional martial art flicks are really insipid , and Oedekerk lampoons them with ruthless satire and deadly accurate humor.I suspect those who are fans of foreign karate pictures may be highly upset with Oedekerk and regard this movie with a hypercritically jaundiced eye . For others who regard most martial arts flicks as absurd , if not ridiculous , they will be thoroughly entertained as Oedekerk renders his parody with black belt humor.It is n't a movie that is going to appeal to everybody . It is n't a movie that will enhance your baseline I.Q. . It is a dumb movie . Dumb , funny , silly , and even ridiculous . But I enjoyed this film , and if you accept it for what it is , then you are likely to find it entertaining as well .
 This was the funniest movie since dumb and dumber . I give it a 4 four because it was terrible , but hilariously stupid .
 no , i 'm not exagerating , it really is the funniest movie EVER , EVER EVER EVER . if you like mystery science theater 3000 you will love this . i have never laughed so hard to anything in my life ever , buy this movie now , NOW NOW NOW . BUY THIS MOVIE.what are you waiting for , BUY IT NOW !!!
 Every time I watch this movie , I laugh harder . It ranks up there with Naked Gun , Top Secret , etc. . If you 're a fan of parody , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I truly enjoyed this movie . Many things about it made me think of my second favorite movie Wrongfully Accused -LRB- a truly magnificent film -RRB- .
 I 'm 11 and I still loved the movie . It was so funny . Every 5 seconds you -LRB- and the rest of the audience -RRB- were laughing histerically . Except for the first couple minutes . The beginning was n't that funny but the rest was very funny . ...
 i have to say that this was the best spoof movie i have ever seen , blows scary movie out of the water . i do have to say that some scenes were played out overall the movie made me laugh till i cried and ... my pants . but one warning dont go into this movie and expect a high budget movie . great movie i am going to see it again . jsut one thing for those who have seen it . ...
 I love all kids of girls but I truely love this Chinese girls . How in the world do they get these ... girls . I laugh so hard when he said It Hurt ... Man . Aslo like when the evil man said I like girls . Who do n't like them . I will get the DVD soon . I 'll watch it until I ca n't take it anymore . When is the next movie showing ? The cow was awesome but need more partice makes perfect . Thanks a lot . Mark Putnam
 I 've owned this movie for many years . I was just looking to see if they ever converted it to blu-ray . Apparently not.This is a fantastic movie . It 's just unbridled idiocy at its best . People who take themselves way too seriously will hate this movie . People who simply do n't appreciate slapstick or `` literal '' comedy will hate this movie . The rest of us seem to find it hilarious . I never saw the 2nd movie . A movie like this does n't need a sequel . Sequels quite often ruin movies for me .
 This movie was so hilarious that even when we go out my family make comments from this movie and we laugh like crazy . This one dvd became scratched and we loved it so much that I purchased another one .
 This movie is ridiculous . And SO funny ! Basically Steve takes two old Kung Fu movies from the 70 's , mixes them together , takes out the audio track , inserts himself and a few others via greenscreen , and then adds the audio with himself back in . With the delay and everything , haha ! The storyline is absolutely absurd , and the computer animations and dummies horribly obvious , but it 's all meant to be part of the fun ! This is not a movie to be taken seriously . A classic for anyone who likes classic Kung Fu , or just silly , stupid movies in general ! XD
 I have a blue collar friend who thinks he is a martial arts expert at least from watching movies if you get my drift . I left this in one of our home movie rooms at the store we work so he would see it playing and he sat down , stunned ... `` That 's one seriously fu * #ed up movie '' he mumbled to no one in particular.It was worth buying just to see his face and hear his disgust . But he could n't stop watching it.Absurd and hilarious . Sections of it are very quotable . `` Product placement with Taco Bell . '' `` Now what are the chances something like THAT would happen ? `` See the movie and you will either hate it or quote from it .
 I love this movie . It is pretty much the American version of the Monty Python movies , so if you enjoyed those , seriously consider getting this one .
 I had never before seen a spoof movie which actually was made of footage of the movie being spoofed . The old Chinese martial arts film was seamlessly combined via green-screen with the new actors . It was hilarious ! It included scenes similar to the Lion King , the `` I Like Big Butts '' song , `` nun-chucks , '' a fight with a milk-cow , and extremely ridiculous dialogue which sounds like it was written by a third-grader . The first time it was the most funny . How many times can you watch a spoof before it is n't as funny anymore ?
 Steve Odekerk is more of a Producer then an Actor but in this remake of an old karate movie Steve shines in front of the camera . From the cheesy dubbing to his amazing display of acrobatics , Your ribs will be sore for days after watching this movie . This is a movie every campy comedy lover out there should buy .
 The disk great condition when I received it , but the case was a little sun worn , like it had been sitting in direct sunlight for a couple years . Amazing movie , if you have n't seen it , you 're missing out .
 This has to be one of the strangest , funniest spoofs of martial arts I 've ever seen . I watchedKung Fu Hustle , but really did n't find it especially funny . Kung Pow , on the other hand , had us laughing just about from beginning to end.The long and short of it , for people who do n't know the schtick , is that the movie 's creator basically found an old 1970 's kung fu movie and either used green screen or reshot parts of the movie to put himself into the action . He also revoiced much of the dialogue to completely remake the movie into his own twisted vision of a kung fu spoof . The end result is occasional hilarity , occasional groans , a few slow moments but an overall great spoof.If you love kung fu movies , you 'll probably appreciate this spoof of the 70 's revenge genre . If you have n't watched any good martial arts movies , why are you watching this ? Go rentCrouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , House of Flying Daggers , Hero , Iron MonkeyorThe Forbidden Kingdom .
 This film is either the stupidest movie ever made or one of the best . I laughed for the first 30 minutes , virtually without stopping . The rest of the film is also very good , I was just tired.The concept of taking an old cliched film and morphing it into a spoof of the entire genre is brilliant and very well executed here . Hope that they release a sequel .
 First off , I have read all the one-star reviews and you guy 's are missing the whole point of the movie . You say that the movie is bad because of the acting , well guess what , its supposed to be ! Now , I do think that martial arts movies and comedy do not mix well together , which is probably why the movie ended up with such bad results , but somehow , the plot is so stupid and simple , that it makes it incredibly funny . The stupid one-star reviewers are obviously incredibly high because I guess they thought that this was supposed to be a real martial arts movie , when actually , that was just the premise . The producer chose a crappy martial arts movie , added a couple of characters and extra scenes , and turned it into a comic masterpiece . There is even a dumb f*ck on here who said and I quote , `` punching a hole through a person is incredibly unrealistic . I know it 's a movie , but it overdoes it '' or something like that . Please , how many movies have been unrealistic ? Just about every horror movie , alien movies , movies like the sixth sense , and pretty much any action/adventure movie . Face it , movies are practically made to be unrealistic , unless they are movies based on a true story . So to say that kung pows fighting scenes are too unrealistic is like saying that the dawn of the dead is a true story . Now aside from all the douchebag , retarded one-star reviewers , this movie has got to be one of the funniest movies ever . I have watched a lot of comedies -LRB- probably because comedy is my favorite genre of movie -RRB- , and the only movie that has been funnier than this one is South Park
 First off , let me say that I really like it when modern fancy digital trickery is used for an entirely stupid and silly purpose . Such is the case in `` Kung Pow
 This is one of the dumbest movies ever made . I do n't mean that as a compliment . This movie is moronic . That said , for some reason , I love it . I do n't like dumb movies . I like this movie . It makes no sense.I saw this in when it was it theaters when I was 15 . There were 10 people in the theater . 8 of them laughed maybe once . My best friend and I were crying from laughter from about the 5 minute mark until the movie ended . I 'm not 15 anymore , and I recognize this is a horrible movie , but that changes nothing . I 'm embarrassed to love it , but I still laugh nonstop every time . Except the beginning . That CG baby is just dumb . And the cow scene ... nothing funny about the cow scene . Everyone loves it . I ca n't stand it.I ca n't recommend this movie , because I 've shown it to a lot of people , and they all hated it . I can only say that I love it . It loses a star for not entertaining anyone else . Otherwise it 'd be 5 .
 I had already seen the movie and watched multiple times in the past . It 's hilarious . Beware , not everyone loves it , it 's usually a love it or hate it type of thing , but I certainly love it , non-stop spoof laughter .
 I first seen it when it came to the movies . We laughed so hard from start to end.It was so funny , my jaws where hurting from laughing.This movies is not only funny , it is just made brilliant . How the producer and main character Steve Oedekerk put himself into 1970 Kung Fu movies . Well done . It looks so real , one would not know.Now my kids and I watched it together and they just laid on the floor laughing . They love Kung Fu movies , but this movie is just one in a million . When you like silly , but great made fun , you will enjoy this movie as much as we did .
 This movie was loaned to me , and the only reason I ever put it in the DVD player was so I could watch enough to return it . A martial arts movie spoof ? No thanks . But I was completely in weeds on this one , and it stands now as one of my favorite goofy comedies . You do n't have to have even seen a martial arts film or be into the numerous spoofs that are always being released . This movie is funny as a stand alone experience , and even the special features are a hoot . You wo n't think you want to see this , but if you like comedies in general you 'll enjoy this wacky movie .
 This is the funniest Kung Fu spoof I 've seen , and that includes the fact I 've seen the entire Kung Faux series . Kung Faux does n't have ANYTHING on this!This guy bought a kung fu flick and then inserted himself via blue screen -LRB- though nowadays they use green screens -RRB- technology and redubbed and massacred the entire thing until it became a comedy . And it draws on every single kung fu cliche imaginable ; I 'm quite a fan of kung fu movies and know even great kung fu movies tend to have cliches . The more into kung fu flicks , the funnier you 'll think it is , as in this case familiarity breeds not contempt but laughter . I had to actually pause it several times I was laughing so hard . IMHO even every Stephen Chow flick pales in comparison to the humor factor inherit in this movie ... Chow 's flicks are meant to have humorous elements , but are not outright spoofs as this movie . Buy this for the kung fu enthusiast in your life -LRB- even if its yourself -RRB- , you will not * regret it !
 This is the funniest movie I have ever seen . I ordered it before the DVD ever came out . I paid full price at the movie theater for 5 people to seet twice because it is so funny . It 's been several years since it came out . I can now talk about it without cracking myself out . I hope Mr Oderek makes more movies like this one .
 The martial arts comedy `` Kung Pow
 The critics are FOOLS ! You will not only watch this movie repeatedly , but also quote lines of dialog with your friends at work again and again ! Can you say that about Citizen Kane?Watch this movie along with BASEketball to understand the true meaning of ART .
 Dude , this is one silly movie . Right up there with the Holy Grail and the Big Lebowski and Austin Powers . I for one loved it and highly recommend it to anyone else who loves silliness in movies . The DVD is good too , with even sillier extras .
 This was one of the funniest movies that I have ever seen . One of the funniest things was the voices and how they do n't match how you see them and they tried to do this very obviously and it worked . It had so many funny jokes and it was a laugh a minute . I would put this with some of my all-time funniest movies such as Dumb & Dumber Mystery Men and Freddy Got Fingered . But then again , you have to have the right sense of humour to like this . Half the people who watch this will think its hilarious half the people who watch this will think this is stupid , it 's not funny . I am someone who loves these types of movies.I admit it had a really poor story line but that was n't what they focussed on . They focussed on it being pure stupidity every second.My favourite scene was the cow scene and how they made fun of The Matrix . Overall , this is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen , but some might not think so.by Eddy ...
 This movie was stupid but still very funny . It includes , a woman with only one boob , a tounge with a face , numchucks made from gophers , an evil dude named Betty , a karate cow , french aliens , and a girl that sounds like a whale . They used footage from a 1970 Hong Kong flick called Tiger & Crane Fists but put Steve in it . It 's a laugh-out loud karate flick ! And if you like this one go see Kung Pow 2
 this movie is halarious ... its so stupid its funny . . have to see it knowing its stupid/funny ... one of the funniest movies ive seen since Dumb and Dumber ...
 Kung Pow
 I saw this movie in theatres & found it hilarious . As for those who did n't like it because it was stupid -- well , it 's SUPPOSED to be stupid ! That was the whole point ! Badly dubbed dialogue , Kung Fu fighters who did n't know how to fight , a one-breasted woman named `` Whoa '' , & a bad guy named Master `` Betty '' Pain . You ca n't get any better than this ! The humor was juvenile , but its perfect for those who love to make fun of all the Bruce Lee rip offs made during the 1970s . oo-WEEE-oo WEEE-oo WEEE-oo !!
 Yeah the story -LSB- was really bad -RSB- , but if you ever pretended to be talking for someone and thought it was funny , or you like mystery science theater 3000 then this is hilarious .
 `` Okay , I 'll take you to see Kung Pao whatever '' , I said to my daughter , thinking another stupid movie . I was right . This movie is so stupid it 's funny . I laughed almost continuously . You might ask `` how could you find a martial arts performing cow funny ? '' Perhaps , it 's because It was so outrageous . The female lead was so sweet , as she ended each line squeeling `` wee , wee , wee '' . There 's plenty more stupidity to make just about anyone laugh . Fasioned after Woody Allen 's `` What 's up Tiger Lily '' , with its out of sync voice over and stupid lines . I 'n not sure if it will be as funny the second time I see it , but it 's certainly worth seeing once .
 Kung Pow is a kind of a movie that is not intended to stimulate the intellectual side of its viewers . It relies sometimes on over-the-top silly kid jokes . Nevertheless , I found myself enjoying it . I think that the reason I did was because I have seen many fighting flicks in the past , and seing a movie that made fun of them was very novel . After all , this comedy makes fun of practically every single stereotypical feature of an average kung fu movie . If you were or still are a fan of kung fu movies you might find Kung Pow rather entertaining . If you are not , then be aware of possible disappointment .
 I enjoyed watching this movie . It had very funny lines and dubs . It had the gopher-chucks , the cow , and a whole lot of funny moments . And , yes , there WERE outtakes . `` I 'll get some tweezers and choke you with a cotton ball , you son of a. . . '' There was even a nice little birdie after the credits ... : -RRB- If you have n't seen this movie , I say you 're crazy .
 This show has been horribly panned and I am clueless as to why . I rolled through the whole thing ... wondered if it was because I was watching it with a 12 year old ... and then rented it again the next night by myself . It was hysterical ! I could watch it again . I ca n't for the life of me find anything wrong with the show . The spoofs are dead on . I said to a friend that this is like watching a Mystery Science Theater 3000 show ... except there is nothing for the MST3 guys left to do ... it 's already been done ! -LRB- And I am 50 years old ! -RRB-
 Fans of MST3K will like this movie . I watched the show religiously in my pre-teen years , and this movie brought me back . Yes , I could say that the movie was funny ... I was also mildly intoxicated at the time , so that could 've proved to be an influence . Sure it 's got it 's stupid and annoying moments , but it 's a fun movie . Just watch it . Hi-ya .
 If you watch this sober ... ? Well do n't ! Its too funny . Although , its like 10 minutes of bordem followed by 10 minutes of gut exploding laughter . If you do n't like cheese humor , or spoof movies , do n't watch it . If you have a great sense of humor and loved movies like Ace Ventura . Then WATCH THIS FILM !
 Okay ... so I was expecting some cheesey humour when I rented Kung Pow ! Having grown up in a household where watching Bruce Lee films was a regular occurence ... I mean I laughed at the original Chinese/Japanese fighting forums ... but this ?!!! OMG ... too damned funny . I found myself with tears in my eyes from laughing so hard and that was only 5 minutes into the film . Written , produced , directed and acted by Steve Oedekerk - this guy managed to find the quirky nuiances that make even the original fighting films funny and make them even more hilarious ! From the deliberately out-of-sync dubbing to the nasal voices and bizarre scenarios ... it is the perfect parody of asian fighting films . Lines such as `` Master Pain it is truly an honor having you come and beat up people randomly in our humble village . '' Or ... `` You can find him at the top of a waterfall ... swinging a big chain . '' And of course you just have to marvel at the digital work in this film ... taking old footage and adding in the present day actors - the work is almost seemless.All in all this film had me laughing and laughing right to the end ... without losing it 's momentum ... A worthwhile rent ... an even better token to add to your collection .
 The idea is that Steve Oedekerk got a hold of a long-forgotten 1976 martial-arts film and shot some new scenes , and digitally inserted himself into the action . If you know Steve Oedekerk at all it would be from his writing and directing skills as he wrote the screen play for The Nutty Professor II and wore both the writing and directing hats for Ace Ventura : When Nature Calls . He 's also made a name for himself as a producer being involved with both Patch Adams and Jimmy Neutron : Boy Genius of all things . What does all this tell you about Steve ? Well , other than the fact that he really likes movies with colons in the title , it lets you know that he knows a thing or two about comedies and is n't some no-name person who managed to get a movie made.The premise of the movie is pretty straight forward martial arts stuff . Once every 1000 years a `` Chosen One '' is born who will defeat evil , you 'll be able to tell he 's the Chosen One because he bears a particular mark . In this case , the mark is a little working face on his tongue , and evil is a Master who has decided he wants to be called `` BettyThere are way too many sight gags in the movie to get it all in one viewing , and like Police Squad and The Three Amigos this movie will be fun to watch over and over again
 At first , when my best friend and I saw the cover of this , we knew instantly we were going to rent it . We had no idea that we would laugh so HARD ! It was a hilarious movie ! It 's pretty dumb , stupid , pointless , but that 's what makes that movie so funny . It 's this old japenese movie , only they add all this ` stuff ' , which makes it funny . Beware of all the funny surprises you definitly wo n't expect !!!
 When I went to go see this movie , I was expecting a lame flick with minimal humor ... which , to say the least was not what I got ! Kung Pow is one of the most hilarious movies I 've ever seen , though it 's not quite the humor I was used to . It 's basically a slap-stick film with parts that made me laugh like I 've never laughed before . The rolling down the hill scene cracked me up ! The plot in this movie is pretty weak , but what did you expect ? This movie is totally off the hook and I highly recomend it to EVERYONE !!!!! -LRB- Whee-oh-whee-oh ! -RRB-
 This movie is hilarious ! Even though it starts out somewhat boring , in a few minutes you will be laughing . There is so much to see , you will be noticing things for the first time ... even if it is your 5th time watching ! I enjoyed the movie , but parents might need to think twice about letting young children view it , -LRB- There is some strong language -RRB- .
 Anyone who takes this film seriously is either a dry film critic or just a person who ca n't laugh . This film has a story line that makes fun of every bad karate movie . The dubbed in voices that are off the wall and dubbed laughs that will make you giggle till you fall out of your chair . The special effects are excellent . Steve Oedekerk should get an award for best comedy for this film . If you are a humorless person who is picky about everything in life leave this masterpiece on the shelf . If you are in the mood for crying out loud laughs go out and buy this movie .
 OMG this movie had me rolling numerous times , and I 've watched it a few times a day recently . Yes , it 's got some horribly bad jokes but understand they are more aimed at the really little kids that will inevitably watch this movie.Sorry , did I say Master Pain ? I meant Betty ...
 Despite what others say , I thoroughly enjoyed this movie . I 'm a fan of the classics , and I own over 100 DVD 's , done by the likes of kubrick , spielberg , etc. . But I can still find enjoyment in silly comedies . There was really nothing bad about this flick at all . The jokes were funny , the dialogue was hilarious , and it was overall very enjoyable to watch . There were a few moments when I was insanely laughing -LRB- Like when the dog barked , and the sound of the barking came three seconds later -RRB- . However , there were also moments I thought were a bit too cheesy or unfunny . For the most part , they were the cow-fighting scene and the whole Lion King parody . The graphics on the Lion King parody part were a bit too unrealistic to even be enjoyable . Despite small flaws , I would recommend this film to anyone who has a sense of humor and is n't anal about `` wasting 85 minutes of their lives '' on this film .
 We had been warned by the reviews , BUT we watched it anyway . What do critics know , right ?! Plain stupid movie ? Yes . Hysterically funny ? You bet ! Rented with hesitation as a `` family '' movie for weekend viewing -LRB- mom , dad , & 13-year-old son -RRB- , we were caught totally off-guard by how much we liked -LRB- read : loved -RRB- this crazy , wacky film . Jokes were over-the-top , `` wet your pants '' funny . Only a few slightly inappropriate scenes , mainly the single-breasted woman . But other than that , harmless family fare -LRB- note-obvious kung-fu/chop-socky violence -RRB- . Extra features should be viewed by parents first , as alot of the humor in the cut/deleted scenes was focused on the male genital .
 This movie deserves the 5 stars because it is hilarious , it 's just that you feel like you wasted your time when you see the ending , which kind of strays off into a story of it 's own .
 This is one of the silliest movies I have seen in a long while and enjoyed it thoroughly -- 3 times in a row -- and ca n't wait to have my own copy ! I need 1-2 hours of belly laughter like this every day !
 I not only laughed throughout this movie , but out loud with my 10 yr old son . We both loved this movie , so much in fact I intend to purchase it and make it part of our dvd collection . Although the movie itself is quite stupid , the voice overs , gags , and jokes just make it so funny that we intend to watch it over and over and over !
 Three words
 This is a great movie . It is very misunderstood though . It has some very funny moments in it , such as the Kung-Fu fighting cow . Steve Oedekerk -LRB- Thumb Wars , Ace Ventura
 One of the funniest movies I have ever seen in the theater . I laughed my a ** off . When this movie come out on VHS/DVD , do n't rent , BUY IT . And go see the sequels .
 I saw Kung Pow recently . I almost fell out of my seat on acount that I was laughing so hard . Each joke fell into place at the right time . I 've heard that there might be a sequel . Some of the gags were new and some were recyled but overall it was great way to kill some time on a Saturday night . If you thought that the previews were funny , wait until you see it at the theater !
 Ok I just want to say if you are 13-16 you will enjoy this movie I am 16 and thought it was one of the funniest movies I have ever seen . Just the way they made the voice overs and all that other stuff it just made it better and better . Now if you are like 25-30 do n't bother going to see it because I swear you wo n't enjoy it . All the people who wrote bad reviews on this movie took it too serious you have to just have fun and you will enjoy this movie ...
 This is the best movie since , well , any other movie released I suppose . The thing is this , it 's hilarious , it 's original and it keeps you guessing the entire time . What the heck ? Aliens ! Who would have guessed that . Steve Oedekerk is a freaking comical genius . I ca n't wait until him and his brother , Dave , come out with something that will rival any wannabe british fancy pants comedy . His best work since `` Cable Guy '' .
 I have seen this movie thousands of times . It gets funnier and funnier until it 's over . The only people who do n't like this movie are people who like funny , not stupid funny . This movie is really stupid , but in a good way . The scenes are so stupid its funny .
 This is one of the funniest movies I have seen in a long time . It 's an original movie that gets funnier every time you see it . It 's exactly like The Big Lebowski , only completely different . :-RRB- Buy it !
 Well , I thought it was good . Wierd but good . Some parts got really cheesy . But it was mostly funny despite some odd things like the Kung Fu Cow , and the aptly named toungey . The wierd thing was the small things were funnier than the big ones . If you want a laugh and are n't mature what so ever , you 'll enjoy this movie .
 O.K. i 'll be the first one to say that . Kung Pow , looked pretty stupid . In fact I did n't even want to go see it , but my friends did . i went to see it with my friends , and I loved it ! It was one of the funniest movies i had ever seen . I waited , and waited for it to come out on dvd , and months later it finally did . I now own it , and the dvd features are really good . if you had doubts about seeing this movie , put them a side and see it . You Will Most Likely Love It ! I KNOW I DID , ONCE I GAVE IT A CHANCE ! SEE IT !
 After seeing the preview for this movie , I promised myself `` I will not rent or pay money to view this movie '' but I broke that promise , rented it and sat through it and laughed so hard ! Am I the only one that noticed how horrible the dubbing was ? Was that the intention of the director or was that a DVD mistake ? What 's cool and funny is the alternate audio tracks , one is the original Tiger Cranes and Fists track which features Odekerk 's voice for his character only . One question
 I never in my life though that I would like this movie after seeing the preview . I have about 40 DVDs at home and this movie will be the first comedy I buy on DVD.You have to understand the goal of the director to know how to take the movie.Anyone saying that the movie is not good and that the preview has all the good jokes probably has not seen the movie.I though the preview was showing the only parts of the movie that are NOT good . For example the cow scene was really bad.Please at least rent it .
 This movie was incredibly funny , and it already had a MST3K quality built in to it . Do n't miss this one !
 Kung Pow was probably one of the most misunderstood films this year -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . It was a clever satire of old Hong Kong martial arts films using an old Hong Kong martial arts film . That in itself is hilarious .
 A movie like `` Kung Pow
 Kung Pow kept me laughing on and off during the whole movie . The type of comedy is the kind I like . Whether people like it or not just depends on what comedy they like . If you like stupid funny , WATCH IT ! However , if you like more sensible humor , it 's not the film for you . It just depends on your sense of humor.I 'm glad that , unlike some movies , and contrary to what some people think , they did n't show all of the funny parts ...
 Kung Pow kept me laughing on and off during the whole movie . The type of comedy is the kind I like . Whether people like it or not just depends on what comedy they like . If you like stupid funny , WATCH IT ! However , if you like more sensible humor , it 's not the film for you . It just depends on your sense of humor.I 'm glad that , unlike some movies , and although some people do not seem to think so , they did n't show all of the funny parts in the trailer.AnNyway , whenever it comes out on DVD -LRB- does anyone know when that is ? -RRB- I 'm buying it .
 This movie requires the viewer to have a sense of humor . It is full of subtle and not subtle jokes and humorous situations . If you 're not in a laughing mood , do n't see it . I think that many phrases and conversations from this movie might become familiar cliches .
 This movie was the funniest movie I 've seen in a long time.Every few seconds I was cracking up!I do n't know how much the budget was for the film and it did not seem to be a very expensive film . However , the way the film was directed fit the presentation of the movie very well.When this comes out on DVD I am DEFINITELY getting it !
 this movie was freaking hilarious ! my jaw literally hurt from laughing so hard when i left the theater . its so rediculous its funny . see this movie if youre into dumb and dumber or ace ventura .
 When I watched Kung Pow originally , I hated this movie , I thought it was kiddish and made easy jokes . But I watched it again , and again , and again , and I can tell you know , that I love this movie ! The jokes may be childish , but it is still funny ! We do n't have to be serious all the time , we need to loosen up a little and you will enjoy this movie . This became one of my favorite movies . I like how Steve was added to scenes from an old Chinese Kung Fu movie . Him being added to another movie reminds me of the Steve Marting movie `` Dead Men Do n't Wear Plad '' If you hated it the first time , watch it again and it will eventually grow on you !
 this is the funniest movie ever . it is very funny . Especially when they play the big butt song but it or you suck !
 The martial arts in this movie was absolutely stunning . In this film Steve Oedekerk demonstrates mind shattering kung fu skills that are executed with tremendous style and grace . His masterful moves rival that of Bruce Lee 's .
 KUNG POW : ENTER THE FIST has got to be one of , if not , THE STUPIDEST MOVIE EVER MADE . STEVE ODEKERK FIGHTING A COW !? ... AND MATRIX-STYLE AT THAT !? IT SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO STUPID , BUT JESUS CHRIST , IT 'S ALSO HILARIOUS.I have been waiting for a martial arts mockery for a good , long while . I was very let down by SCARY MOVIE , maybe because the horror genre at his point has really run out of gas , and gotten repetitive , and more funny than scary . It 's so cliched that you can just line up all the characters -LRB- if you CAN call them characters -RRB- in the movie , and just randomly predict who 's going to live and who going to die , and it always happens that way . Of course , that pretty much what horror movies have become now . Just plucking off expendable cardboard cut-outs one-by-one . Less like a movie , more like target practice for serial killers.ENTER THE FIST , by contrast , may actually be the first martial arts parody . Oh , I promise you , the movie is just as dumb as SCARY MOVIE , the characters just as one-dimensional , and the acting just as wooden . But , the dialouge , while highly simple and stupid , is pretty funny . The movie is full of lines like `` There will be a Chosen One '' , `` It will be significant '' , and `` I like the band N'sync . My favorite member is Harpo . I think there is a Harpo . If not , there should be . `` And they just had could let any joke about sloppy , ... poor dubbing be overlooked . There 's a dog in ENTER THE FIST that moves his mouth , and then three seconds later , the bark comes out . And the voices of the characters are laugh-inducing . Just go out and by this dvd now . Be sure to take plenty of time to check out hte `` What were they really saying track '' .
 There 's a very definite crowd that will hate this movie , this rant is n't for them . Kung Pow ! will most likely be loved by any loyal fan of Mystery Science Theater 3000 . It 's also great for fans of Monty Python , Dumb and Dumber , Ace Ventura , etc. . Basically , it 's stupid comedy . I 'm talking , / really / stupid comedy . That 's why it 's so funny , and some people just wo n't get this.So , what 's Kung Pow ! all about ? Well , Writer/Director/Lead Actor Steve Oedekerk basically takes an old , unknown , laughably bad 70 's kung fu movie and one ups MST3K by not only making fun of it , but throwing out the dialogue and sound . They redubbed the entire thing . They digitally added several characters , including the main character , into the film . Everything is then mercilessly hacked and ducted taped together to form one hilarious story.The jokes are certainly hit and miss , but that 's to be expected in this type of film . More or less , it 's a great comedy with a lot of action . The story , although very fragmented , is rather entertaining as well . It does manage to keep a sense of continuality though all the random fun . The end of the film , although unusual , will be well known to any anime fan . Suffice to say it 's almost like watching Kung Pow ! 2 in 30 seconds . It 's very entertaining.So what else do you need to know ? Go rent it ! Keep an eye out for WimpLo , a great MST3K style humiliated character . `` We purposely trained him / wrong / , as a joke ! '' The cow scene is n't nearly as lame as it seems in the previews . The cow itself is actually quite well modeled , and animates smoothly . It 's somewhere around 5x-10x the detail of the Black & White cow , if that helps anyone . Have fun , and keep the scoffing movie critics out of the room while watching . Threaten them using various WimpLo quotes , that 'll keep them away for awhile . - Rirath_com
 I was twelve when this movie came out , and immediately knew it would forever be one of my favorite comedies . The story is absolutely off the wall and completely absurd , but a riot through and through . The self-awareness of the film is what really makes it hilarious , as it often makes jokes about modern product placement etc. . The DVD itself is also very well done , with the picture and audio quality still being above par even today . The extras are a nice touch as well . The menu itself is even worth a laugh or two . Overall this is a no brainer for the price , for anyone who is a fan of slapstick comedy or satire . A + +
 Look everyone has to laugh sometime or another and this kung fu movie is funny as hell ! Great family fun with lots of action thrown in . Well worth it .
 I still remember the first time I saw this movie . That was the night I laughed myself to tears and a stomach cramp . Nearly every single minute of Kung Pow ! packed to the brim with hilarity . There is a talking tongue , a clumsy one-boobed chick , a Kung-Fu cow , and tons of other insane , abstract nonsense including various parodies.It absolutely blows my mind that there are people who thought that this had no laughs . It must not have been their type . After all , this is one incredibly goofy , wacky movie . So ifMonty Python and the Holy Grail , Dude , Where 's My Car ? , andKung Fu Hustle -LRB- Full Screen Edition -RRB- are not your type of movies then stay away from this one . Everyone else , BUY IT !! This is a comedy masterpiece of zany-ness with a COLOSSAL replay value . I ' v seen this thing at least 8 times over the course of 1 year and it NEVER gets old!at the end of the movie , there is a trailer for Kung Pow ! 2
 I have never laughed so hard in my entire life !! This has to be one of the best movie ever created ! # 1 movie of all time in my book !!!
 Remember Kung Fu Theater ? Remember it ? Back when everyone thought David Carradine was the ultimate in western-martial-artistry coolness ? When you could turn on the TV on a Saturday afternoon and without fail could find at least one badly dubbed movie from the far East , full of crazy kung fu/karate and people getting punched with the sound of bricks hitting sticks of wood -LRB- got ta love those Foley guys -RRB- ? Well , picture this
 That 's it . Hysterical . And good for all ages.Weeu Wee u Wee u chuckle chuckle !
 This film is hilarious -- simple as that . Steve Oedekerk is a stark raving mad GENIUS when it comes to comedy . The film is comprised of 1970s Kung-Fu films with Oedekerk inserted as the main character . He does most of the voices of the characters and the humor is really spot on . At the time , the CGI used was in it 's infancy , but it works in the film well . If you want a full plot analysis , go to Wikipedia or IMDB . I 'm telling you to buy this movie . I loved it when it came out -LRB- I was in college -RRB- and my 12 year old stepson loves it now . It 's one of those films that 's funny when you 're a teen , but gets funnier the older you get and start getting some of the more subtle jokes . I 'd put this film in the same ranks as Young Frankenstein or Blazing Saddles . It 's well put together , well written , and simply hilarious . Who knew you could expect this kind of humor from the director of Thumb Wars , Thumbtanic , Bruce Almighty , Jimmy Neutron , and Barnyard !
 I must have seen this movie about a dozen times and it never fails to make me laugh . I do like to watch the old kung fu movies , but what steve Odekerk does to this one is simply hilarious . He seemlessly puts himself in the movie and plays off them greatly , and the dialog he adds is great . I would reccomened this movie to any and all people who like to laugh.I do have to add though that the humor in this movie is not for everyone .
 This is a movie everyone should watch . . at least once . The best way to enjoy this movie is with a group of your friends at home with some six packs . woo-eeeee woo-eeeeWell yes this is a stupid movie , how stupid ? Lets just say your IQ should drop at least 20 points after the 80 minutes of dumbing experience.Now that 's funny . . woo-eeeee-wooo
 this movie is the funnies damn thing ive seen in a long while . theres alot of pointless things that go on for too long . and thats why i love it ! it is soooo funny , its a must see for airplane fans and people who like stupid movies like that . this movie is godlike ! the zoom in on the faces was my favorite part that and when hes running ... `` IM COMING ! '' `` CHOSEN ONE ! '' `` IM COMING '' lmao great gags major classic
 Ok , here it is . Everyone I ve talked to said it was the stupidest thing ever . But you know what I agree to a point . It 's not your run of the mill spoof movie . Do n't expect an Austin Powers / SpaceBalls or any other . Treat this movie like an independent Art Piece . Enjoy it for what it is . A mockery of foriegn films dubbed in English . Mostly Kung FU type films . This film creatively uses an original piece and intergrates todays actors as well as little things that you might not catch . The film 's originallity lies in the freshness of it . Some parts of the movie 's dialogue seems to be original , almost improvic , like they wrote a script , shot the movie and then threw the script out . The little quarks in the movie are great . Expect to see little commercial jingles as well as a little of sci fi , including Matrix , stargate and indpendence day references.Don ' t take the movie too serious and you 'll enjoy the heck out of it . My coodos to the director and writer and actors . Woo-weeFotoone1 from Long Beach , CA
 My son loved this movie . This is one of the greatest slapstick G-rated movies ever made for the younger set . It is clean , and I did not notice any swearing in it at all . No nudity either . The kids watch this movie over & over . It is an all-time favorite .
 This movie was a longtime favorite of a friend , who loaned me their copy . Halfway through the movie I jumped on Amazon and immediately ordered my own copy -LRB- plus extras for gifts ! -RRB- I have to pause this movie so I can finish laughing at one part , before the next hilarious part !!! ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT !!!!!
 OOHHHH EEEEE OOOOWWWEEEEEE OOOOWWWEEEEE WEEEEOOOOOOEEE OOOWWWW EEEE OOOOOHHH WEEEEEE OOOOHHHH OOOHHHHH WEEEEEEE OOOHHHHHHHH WEEEEEEEEE OHHHHHHHH WEEEEE OOHHHHHHHHH WEEEE OOHHHH : GRUNT :
 Funniest stupid movie I know . Pay close attention , ther eis a lot of funny stuff in the background , see if you can spot theTitanic .
 This is the funniest movie ever ! Love it . I bought this copy for my boss , and he loved it too !
 This is one of my favorite movies of all time . It 's so funny ! I hate to have to pay to see it , but the quality of it was GREAT ! HIghly recommend it .
 I did n't see the ad 's but was already a HUGE steve odekerek fan for ace venturea 2
 Oh boy , is this one goofy movie ! It 's a parody of poorly dubbed Hong Kong action films created by taking one of said films , the 1977 Jimmy Wang Yu movie Savage Killers , and sticking in a goofy white guy in a bad wig as the lead and some other new actors into it to interact with the original characters . The whole thing is dubbed , badly of course , with goofy voices saying ludicrous things . There 's also a fair amount of goofy CGI , although I was n't so into that . Anyone who 's seen the movies this is ripping on will get a big kick out of this one , as will anyone who enjoys parodies in general.I saw it on DVD , and the extras were on par with the movie-unbridled silliness all the way . Probably my favorites among them were the two alternate soundtracks , one is what they were really saying before the dubbing , and the other is a books on tape style narration by a pompous British guy . Very funny .
 This ridiculous movie had me laughing the first time I saw it , but seems to get a bit more laughs from me each time I see it . Take some old Kung Fu films and wipe the sound . Then redub the sound with some nonsense , inject yourself into the film and viola ! -- you have some hilarious results . You must watch this film without expecting primo acting and plot although my standards are such that I was able to see both shine through in this comedy . -LRB- I 'm kidding -RRB- . Just watch it . I ca n't even believe I am taking time out of my day to review this thing . Also if you can find the original `` Night of the Living Dead '' film which was the first film I saw to receive the `` Dub over treatment '' , I recommend that highly . You might find it on the net as a bootleg and it will be called something like `` Night of the day of the dawn of the return of the bride of the deadly alien ... etc '' It is similar to Kung Pow ...
 I could n't believe all the critics panned this one ! Well , ok , it 's pretty silly , but so is Mel Brooks and Steve Martin and Monty Python and Mike Myers and pretty much all of the really good funny stuff . Anyone who says they hated this must never have seen one of the badly dubbed kung fu movies it 's ripping on . It 's a parody , man . I loved the voices , I thought the CGI -LRB- cow , baby -RRB- was cute , the way they replaced the old characters with new ones blew me away , and the guy with the squeaky shoes was too much . `` I rock , and roll , all night , Sweet Susie ! '' So if you can appreciate silliness , check this one out . And if you think silliness is its own art form , buy the DVD ! That 's what I did , and it 's really good . The extras are hilarious , especially the `` alternate soundtracks '' that let you hear what Steve Oedekerk was really saying before everything was dubbed -LRB- and let me just say that he is a weird , weird man -RRB- and a books on tape version with a snooty English guy reading the lines . The outtakes and deleted scenes were pretty darn funny , too . Anyway , check it out and do n't believe the hype , this film is a great laugh .
 this was great . stupid and pointless but great . it was hilarious . i mean rap music like baby got back and cant touch this . just watch it .
 This is a great movie . It is very misunderstood though . It has some very funny moments in it , such as the Kung-Fu fighting cow . Steve Oedekerk -LRB- Thumb Wars , Ace Ventura
 This is genuinly the funniest movie of the year . I saw it in the theater and bought it the day it came out on DVD . Everyone who I know who has seen this movie has absolutly loved it . If you know something about Kung Fu movies , it 's even funnier ! It is the American answer to Monty Python and the Holy Grail . Just do n't come into this expecting a witty comedy , just sit back and enjoy !
 Kung Pow is a savior for the fans of Python , programmers swigging Jolt Cola , fans of old martial arts movies like `` Master Killer '' , and all the people who have actually SEEN all the cool martial arts movies that were made available at movie rental shops , in the 80 's up until now . Mel Brooks has him , but Steve has a slim chance to barely edge into 2nd place : -RRB- I get every second of this movie . And did you see the Killer Whale ? I bet you did n't . Steve has probably spent more than he should have in making this film , and I appreciate every clip.Those of us in the know will not break down the movie into dreadfully meaningless abstract reviews , but take the whole thing as a cool venture into the past and the future , and once again thank you Steve for the comedy and the KUNG FU
 Kung Pow was a REALLY funny movie . Some parts got boring but most of it was good . I think that they did a good job on this movie .
 I actually came up with the idea of over-dubbing to create a movie like this two years ago . Oh well , Odekerk beat me to it.Anyway , this movie is very offbeat , so most will not appreciate it . I liken its creativity to the Mystery Science Theater series . Pick it up if your sense of humor tends to go against the grain.Have a great day !
 Okay I do n't really have any sort of standards when it comes to comedy movies , I think if it 's got a punch-line and maybe some twist of irony , it is funny . This movie is a low budget film ; it was meant to be a spoof ; and should n't be taken seriously . Some people will say that their level of intelligence is above that of Oedekerks and Kung Pow is a disgrace for what theatres allow now . What is with these people ? They adhere to some belief that if they would be embarassed to show the movie to their mother then it is bad and should ruin everyone else 's fun by saying it 's not funny ; when really they are n't able to enjoy the movie for what it is because of these standards . I think Oedekerk was hilarious in the movie and the writing -LSB- or what sounded almost as improv -RSB- was top-notch ; however , by the film 's end I was tired of the dubbing and the purposely delayed reaction between Oedekerk and what he is saying.We all like to make fun of Jackie Chan movies or whatever , but basing a movie on spoofing another type of movie ? It 's hilarious for the first part of the movie , then it just gets redundant . I especially got tired of Oedekerk 's voice and the shotty job at acting , if that 's what they call it . If you enjoy laughing AT a movie for how poorly it was made and enjoy a good low-brow laugh , Kung Pow is for you .
 I love parodies and spoofs of all persuasions . I 've always been a huge Mystery Science Theater fan , etc. . Kung Pow is one of the best parodies I 've seen . Perhaps second only to Thumb Wars , the Star Wars spoof also by Oedekerk . The only thing more fun than sitting around and ripping on the old cheesy kung fu shows is watching him inside of one . I recommend this to anyone to who likes a good laugh from a movie .
 You did n't get it . I mean you 're watching a movie called Kung-Pow what did you expect ? Of coarse it was stupid , it 's a spoof ! Morons !
 This movie is completely ridiculous , in a very good way . We have probably all seen old kung fu movies that were so stupid that they were hard to watch . This movie takes one of those and splices in new footage and dubbing that completely new type of kung fu movie , the funniest kung fu movie in history . The voice overs and added footage are so ridiculous that you ca n't really describe it to someone . You can try , but you just need to watch Kung Pow to understand . I recommend that you do that and experience the wonderful absurdity of this film .
 This movie is one of those that has often puzzled me , because its not the type of movie I typically enjoy . A spoof in almost every sense of the word , but not in the way that The Naked Gun movies or the Airplane ! movies are spoofs , nor in the way that Blazing Saddles and Young Frankenstein are spoofs . Those movies are silly and zany , but they have an underlying cleverness to them , a wit masked by lunacy , an intelligently unhinged charm . This movie is n't very witty , nor particularly clever , and really pretty devoid of intelligence . But it has zaniness , silliness , and charm in spades . I went into it thinking I would hate it . But after the first viewing , I was hooked . My brothers and I watched it frequently . We recited lines . The stupid one liners and affectionately over-forced character tics made their way into our daily conversations . Eventually we could nearly recite the film from memory . These days , I 'm not home as much as I used to be . I only visit a few times a year . But it seems like we still make time to put this movie on , at least once a year , and we sit back and remember all the laughs we had . I still laugh til I cry every time I watch this movie . And sometimes I watch it at home and let myself be reminded of that wonderful time spent with my brothers , reciting lines to a movie few others saw , and saying stupid things that no one thought was funny but us.Recently I tried getting my friends to watch this with me . Some of them shrug it off . `` Meh , it was ok . It had some funny parts . '' Others do n't seem to care much for it at all . A few of them like it almost the way my brothers and I like it , but not quite.To me , this movie will always remind me of family . And it will always be my favorite stupid , stupid , stupid , wonderful movie .
 Movie was what I expected , silly , goofy , just dumb comedy and I enjoyed it . I give it 5 stars because it is what it is , dumb humor .
 I get so tired of cliche spoof movies , they are basically all the same EXCEPT Kung Pow . First of all , it is so stupid silly that you have to laugh , no matter how crappy of a day you 've had ! Secondly , from an industry enthusiasts view , the editing on this movie is crazy awesome ! They used an old martial arts , full feature movie and put Steve Oedekerk and the rest of the ensemble into the movie . This is an editing feat , even with the new and intuitive software , starting with the film and lighting crews . It was almost a flawless marriage of the old and new ... Oh , sorry , I love that stuff ! The movie itself is great , not serious and just campy enough . It is a family friendly movie and everyone over the age of 6 should enjoy it , or at least parts of it . It is not completely predictable , and it starts out funny and just keeps on going . I have enjoyed this movie many , many times after several kinds of days . I hope you enjoy this film , and the prices are an extra bonus ! Have a great day !
 To not like this movie is to not like life . Not really , but come on ; this is hilarious . The fact that Steve Oedekerk completely rewrote ` Tiger & Crane Fist ' , digitally placing himself within the film 's footage and creating a hilarious camp classic is just , well , it 's brilliant to behold . Yes , go in with low expectations , because this is n't a ` smart movie ' , it 's not even a ` smart comedy ' . This is an unapologetic campy slapstick comedy stuffed with visual hilarity that is brainless yet executed with intentional flaws . It 's stupid because it wants to be -LRB- I mean , the opening sequence shows people kicking a baby down a hill -RRB- and so one should embrace that stand . The style created is very much in the vein of the old Kung Fu movies , so it is supposed to be over the top and semi-ridiculous ; but I do n't care who you are , an evil warlord who changes his name to Betty halfway through the film is , well , utterly hysterical .
 Using footage from the 1976 movie `` Tiger and Crane Fist '' , Steve Oedekerk creates a new plot , by inserting new footage and inserting him self in original footage.As serious as the new plot is
 Kung-Pow has got to be the stupidest movie I 've ever seen.That does n't mean it is n't funny , though . I spent most of the 80-something minutes laughing , so how bad could it have been . . ? Writer/Director Steve Oedekerk stars as `` The Chosen One '' -LRB- raised in a ditch by `` Various Rodents . . -RRB- , chosen for WHAT we never learn . We Do know that the mark of The Chosen One is a bizarre face that sits on the tip of his tongue , and the the evil Master Pain , A.K.A. `` Betty '' , wants him dead . That 's pretty much it , plot-wise . The really amazing part of the movie is this
 I love this movie . Okay . I admit it . Seeing all the other people on Amazon who liked it too gives me the strength to say that . But why I like it is a trickier question.It 's not uproariously funny . There are many gags that just lay there and die . But then , there are the brilliant bits , little pieces of comedy gold . Though it 's tempting to be harsh on this film , I have to admit every time I watch it I laugh . And is n't that its purpose ? And in that respect , it succeeds admirably , because I still laugh and I still look forward to watching it.If you like `` AIRPLANE '' style humor , then this is definitely worth seeing . It really helps to view it with someone who has the right sense of humor . When my girlfriend and I watch this , we both laugh even more.It 's truly original , and just plain funny .
 I always read negative reviews first at Amazon.com . If the negative reviews have no substance , and their critiques sound overly-biased or misunderstanding , then I figure that the product is probably good enough to try . For Kung Pow , I do n't think that most of the people who gave negative reviews really `` get it '' . People were slamming the acting , the production levels , etc. . Hello !? It 's suppose to be bad and cheesy ! That 's what makes movies like Red Neck Zombies , Evil Dead 2 , etc. great movies . They are corny , and they do n't try to fool anyone into thinking that they are anything else . Being bad is what makes this movie good . Oederick -LRB- sp ? -RRB- is also a perfect -LRB- if convenient -RRB- lead for this movie as well . You do n't WANT Will Smith or Jim Carey or someone like that in a movie like this . The character 's `` blandness '' -LRB- straightness -RRB- is what keeps the movie together . The movie itself is charismatic and attention-getting , for the lead character to be overly-developed would have simply caused confusion and made the project fall flat on it 's face.If you do n't like over-the-top movies , then of course you wo n't like this one . But if you are the type of person that does n't like that kind of movie , giving a negative review and calling it dumb would be like someone who hates rap giving a negative review for a rap album . It 's very misleading.Personally , I laughed quite a bit while watching this movie . Some of the set-ups for jokes were brilliant , and many of the jokes hit their mark perfectly . A good example is when Wimp-lo and the girl he likes are first introduced , and Wimp-lo walks up to a guy and asks him a question , and then you see the guy 's lips moving for like 10 seconds , with a short 1 second `` I do n't know '' dubbed in at the end . Yeah , it 's been done a hundred times ; but then again so have most concepts/jokes . It 's all about delivery , performance , etc. . And in this case , Kung Pow hit the nail right on the head ; the timing was absolutely perfect , and it made what could have been a stale `` I 've already seen that '' joke into a very funny `` I 'm gon na rewind that and watch again '' joke . This is a small example , but I think it is representative of the whole movie . You either `` get it , '' and can laugh along ; or you do n't `` get it '' and insist that the movie is bad.I do n't think people realise how they sound when they say that this movie has bad acting , production , etc. . This is like the people who say rather proudly to wresting fans
 `` Kung Pow ! '' is an extremely original and hillarious comedy , period ! I LOVED this film , it had me rolling on the floor ! There are a few amount of clunkers -LRB- the talking tongue and the French aliens could 've been left out -RRB- , and it begins to lose it 's charm about two thirds of the way through , but most of it is ingenious ! I have no idea why critics hate this movie so much , do n't listen to them . It is one of the funniest movies in recent years whether those uptight cinema snobs admit it or not . It 's tempting to list every hillarious moment in this film , but you really should see it yourself . I know it looks stupid , but just trust me . You WILL laugh , and laugh often . It 's not the perfect comedy , but it 's pretty damn close ! It breathes new life into a genre that 's currently overflowing with clones of the `` different people switch places '' and `` white guy meets black cop '' plots.If you enter a film like this with a bad attitude , like most of the critics out there , you 'll hate it . If you enter it with an open mind and the willingness to laugh at a group of really stupid yet really clever jokes , you may find it to be the funniest comedy that you 've seen in a long , long , time.I give `` Kung Pow ! Enter the Fist '' a very solid 8.0 out of 10.0
 One of the funniest parodies I 've ever seen . The dubbing is hilarious . `` If you 've got an -LSB- butt -RSB- , I will kick it ! '' `` Gentlemen , from now on I demand that you refer to me as Betty . '' `` I apologize for him . We trained him wrong on purpose , as a joke . '' The guy with the squeaky shoes and the big nipples is my favorite . I 'd say anybody who generally loves Ben Stiller and Tom Green movies will enjoy this , since they 're my two favorite comedians . There 's also a lot of Mystery Science Theater 3000 influence in KP . I 'll definitely be getting KP on DVD , along with everything Ben Stiller is in . Feel free to visit my wishlist and buy me anything on it !
 I realize I have a demented sense of humor ... but the first time I saw this movie I laughed till I cried ! It 's the stupidest , silliest kind of humor , but the kind I and my types love . Steve Oedekerk is hilarious . His thumb movies are also ridiculous . If you want to laugh and feel like a stupid kid again , watch this movie or just about anything by S.O. !!!!!!!!!
 Kung Pow - Enter the FistThis is a parody movie . Wait ... do not run away just yet . Unlike the mass of crappy parody movies that are produced these days , this movie is actually very funny . If you are into the Japanese Martial Arts genre , you need to pick this one up . This movie is a parody of that specific genre . Luckily , you do not actually have to known anything about the movies it is spoofing to find this movie laugh-out-loud funny . Even if you hate martial arts movies , you will enjoy this one.The movie starts in a small village . Master Pain and his group of thugs enter a home looking for a baby . The baby could affect their evil plans in the future if he is not stopped now . After the baby takes down most of the gang , Master Pain burns down the home in hopes to kill the child . Unfortunately , the baby narrowly barely escapes the flames . His family has been killed , so he is raised by the local wildlife.The baby would become known as `` The Chosen One . '' Chosen One will be forced to fight off Master Pain 's henchmen for the rest of his life . However , after growing into an adult , he encounters Pain in a nearby village . Chosen One now seeks revenge on Pain , who will change his name to Betty . `` Is n't Betty a woman 's name '' is the question running through your and Chosen One 's mind . Betty is still a force to be reckoned with despite his feminine name.This is not a intelligent comedy . Kung Pow expects you to lose about 20 IQ before viewing it . There is nothing wrong with a stupid -LRB- in a funny way -RRB- comedy every now and then . Some of the jokes are insanely humorous ; other jokes are lukewarm stupid comedy . All of it mixes fairly well together . You will see references toThe Lion KingandThe Matrixat certain points of the movie that will make you laugh . The other idiotic characters will have you laughing for a long time.The only problem with this film is that the video quality is low sometimes . Kung Pow takes pieces from other Japanese movies that originally played in the 70s . I enjoy this idea , but some might get annoyed by it . The ending credits show how they achieved this in more detail.I wish a sequel were made for this movie . There is plenty of reference to the making of a sequel in this film , but no sequel has been made to my knowledge . This movie has become a Cult Classic and the sequel would probably ruin this movie anyway . I want you to pick up this movie right now if you enjoy a fun spoof every now and then .
 I 'm so happy to see all the great reviews for this film . These peeps have great taste and an even greater sense of humor . In a day and age where a movie is considered a hit if it provides two or three laughs , this movie is so refreshing . `` Kung Pow '' had me laughing from the beginning , the baby roll , to the end , THE FRENCH !!!! I 'm not sure if I 've ever seen a comedy that had me holding my sides because they hurt from laughter , trying to catch my breath before the next `` bit '' -LRB- which was usually only a few seconds -RRB- and almost pissing in my pants . When I saw the movie the 1st time , the theater was almost empty , but you could n't tell from my laughter . I really embarrassed my dad . I have very few comedies in my DVD collection . That is because most of them have diminishing value , with each viewing the movie is less funny . `` Kung Pow ! '' is the exception to that rule . I 've seen it several times and have laughed as much as I did when I 1st saw it . The reason I am writing this is because a few moments ago several scenes from the movie popped into my head , `` Call me Betty '' and `` I 'm eeeevvvviiilll , so evil ! '' and seeing Taco Bell in the village -LRB- maybe that 's the prob with Taco Bell , they 're still using the ingredients they had back then , LOL ! -RRB- . No other comedy has done that , pop up for no reason and get me laughing all over again . Now that I wrote my review , I 'm going to buy the film . I wish Steve would do another film like this . One last thing , unlike other films , the outtakes were actually funny as well . Okay weee weee weee folks !
 First off , I have read all the one-star reviews and you guy 's are missing the whole point of the movie . You say that the movie is bad because of the acting , well guess what , its supposed to be ! Now , I do think that martial arts movies and comedy do not mix well together , which is probably why the movie ended up with such bad results , but somehow , the plot is so stupid and simple , that it makes it incredibly funny . The stupid one-star reviewers are obviously incredibly high because I guess they thought that this was supposed to be a real martial arts movie , when actually , that was just the premise . The producer chose a crappy martial arts movie , added a couple of characters and extra scenes , and turned it into a comic masterpiece . There is even a dumb f*ck on here who said and I quote , `` punching a hole through a person is incredibly unrealistic . I know it 's a movie , but it overdoes it '' or something like that . Please , how many movies have been unrealistic ? Just about every horror movie , alien movies , movies like the sixth sense , and pretty much any action/adventure movie . Face it , movies are practically made to be unrealistic , unless they are movies based on a true story . So to say that kung pows fighting scenes are too unrealistic is like saying that the dawn of the dead is a true story . Now aside from all the douchebag , retarded one-star reviewers , this movie has got to be one of the funniest movies ever . I have watched a lot of comedies -LRB- probably because comedy is my favorite genre of movie -RRB- , and the only movie that has been funnier than this one is South Park
 As a long time fan of Grace Kelly I really enjoyed the rare clips and photos of her in Hollywood as well as when she became Princess of Monaco . I highly recommend this DVD to anyone interested in Grace Kelly 's life and amazing career !
 I first saw Grace Kelley in Hitchcock 's Rear Window and fell in love with her forever . I could not believe how absolutely beautiful she was , and what type of a screen presence she had . This film showed me how she grew up , her family and their ethics , and how she developed into a great actress . It also shed light on her decision to marry into royalty , as she , herself , came from a family that was very regal in it 's own way . She always took the high road and people fell in love with her very easily . Many actors and celebrities , but she chose a prince in the end and became a legend . I was glued to the story because it had so many ups and downs , but mostly because I could n't take my eyes off of her ! What a charming presence . And she was hard on herself , always trying to do better , till she finally got some recognition as an actress . Everyone knows how destiny would make it 's mark with Princess Grace , but I really neve knew her till I saw this , and I 'm so glad I did . I 've already bought a few of the DVDs as presents for my close friends and family ! It was an inspiring story about a simple girl who became a legend through her beauty and her hard work . Totally recommend it !
 Despite being a long time admirer of Grace Kelly I did n't realize how much I did n't know prior to watching this DVD . Some great clips of her from both her movies and from her private life . She was just an incomparable class act and a stunner by any measure -- a combination that 's rarely replicated in today 's Hollywood . Do yourself a favor and buy this thoroughly enjoyable way to pass 45 minutes !
 This was a wonderfully done Bio on the life of Grace Kelly ! Very inclusive ... I 'd highly recommend it to anyone ! Excellent !
 It is hard to believe that our soldiers are still dealing with this horror . These people are trying to protect all of us .
 I was amazed at what I seen in this video . I myself `` was '' military . I was in for life , but I spent only 6 years due to a similar situation . This really helped me see a different understanding . I fight with myself all the time , depressed over where I should still be , but due to `` friendly fire '' I 'm out ... This video has shown me more sides of the coin , it did not happen to `` just me '' I 'm not alone!I would recommend this video , it may help if you have experienced trauma in the military . You might have a better understanding of your own situation . Cries for justice is like echoes off the Grand Canyon , You can never win with the government ...
 these young women deserve to be heard and their stories need to be told.I kept waiting for this to be shown on TV and it kept being canceled in twostates , so I bought the video . I am glad I did so I can show my friends .
 The Invisible War provides an opportunity to look at all branches of the US Military and how the respond to or not , and how the support or not , victims of sexual assault . Both women and men victims are interviewed . It should cause any viewer to want to get involved in a campaign to end sexual violence .
 Because of this documentary , the Army is quickly changing it 's &#34; old ways &#34; as far as how they handle sexual assault . Fact
 Essential viewing not only for female service members and veterans but for anyone who truly wants to understand the ugly side of what perpetuates the &#34; old boys gun club &#34; mentality in the military . I am so thankful that someone had the courage to make this movie !
 this is a good start but I 've seen so much of this and more . people still do n't understand , even in leadership positions how much of a problem this is and how hard it is to change . initiatives like taking pictures down in offices and trying not to be offensive with language or any cussing is n't fixing or even acknowledging the real problems . people do n't have to just try not to offend women or take down nose art pics of women to fix this . leadership has to understand how all the cover ups have worked for years and they ca n't gain trust over night especially when the people in leadership have been in positions for years to see and change this climate and have n't . Some of the Generals , Chief 's , Colonels , civilian supervisory positions are the same people that are the offenders or have covered up this behavior in the past . lots of training needs to be done before leaders and supervisors can even start to fix this problem . my leadership admitted they were n't trained on this stuff after we watched the movie at wing staff and if we are running the wing , groups and squadrons then who does have the training ???????
 This documentary is difficult to watch , but necessary . The disturbing questions and concerns raised run very deep.Not only is the crime itself horrific enough , but seeing those affected break down because of their sorrow and anger will leave you stunned . The surface and underlying issues raised here are not going to go away , they are deep deep and frightening.For example , how much is `` macho '' culture in control at the military , an organization that receives the vast majority of the biggest budget in the world ? How many rapes and injustices go unreported ? For my fellow Americans , is this our `` tax dollars at work '' covering up the suffering of those willing to give all?Worst of all , exactly how many of these monsters are out there ? I fear for the well-being of the women in my life , but also my own , as the movie shows , men are not safe from rape either.My only complaint is that they did not name names . I suppose I understand it is for legal purposes -LRB- if a person has n't been formally charged , or has been exonerated officially-speaking , etc. -RRB- But I am an advocate of naming names when it comes to accusations . Still I understand why this was avoided.This is a documentary everyone should see . You lose your mind at the injustice of it all , but then you will be ready to scream that something needs to be done about this and done NOW.Not invisible.Larry Nocellaauthor , Loser 's Memorial -LRB- available on Amazon -RRB-
 It was well done and while painful to watch ought to be required watching for anyone connected to the military and to the VA. .
 I would definitely recommend this documentary for people to see to spread the word that rape , sexual assault and harrassment of any kind is morally wrong and illegal . I am a USAF veteran and I was raped , harassed and stalked by my attacker in the military .
 Filmmaker Kirby Dick made , arguably , one of my favorite documentaries with his thrilling expose of the movie ratings board -LRB- MPAA -RRB- in `` This Film Is Not Yet Rated . '' Clearly , he is not adverse to challenging the status quo and asking the probing and provocative questions that help to define an issue . This unblinking gaze is turned onto the horrific subject of sexual assault and cover-up within the military in the eye-opening , unpleasant , and powerful `` The Invisible War . '' And the result may leave you quite stunned and disturbed . This is certainly not a new topic , I 've heard about quite a few individual cases through the years . But the quantity of these events might just surprise you and Dick uses the government 's own internal statistics to support his claims . Here 's a couple of examples
 To realize how timely this documentary is , I watched the DVD last night and on this morning National new on ABC-TV was a story that charges were being brought in San Francisco this week on multiple sexual assaults on women in the armed forces in San Francisco . As you will learn -LRB- among many astounding facts in this 97-minute documentary -RRB- if you watch it -LRB- and you should -RRB- , no cases of these sexual assaults were brought to conviction until this past Spring -LRB- 2012 -RRB- when Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta watched the film and changed the rules as to who had power to make decisions in these cases.Director Kirby Dick is best known for his Oscar-nominated film on the Motion Picture Rating Board , but this film covers an even more serious topic.The fact that the Department of Defense estimates that 20 % -LRB- ! -RRB- of all females in the Armed Services have been raped will probably astound the average American . But Dick has the proof . Though at least 20 women -LRB- and , a few men - yes , men are raped in the service too -RRB- , the more in depth interviews are with 3 or four women dealing with PRSD -LRB- Post Traumatic Stress Disorder - an anachronism surprisingly never explained in the film -RRB- . A few times I though the interviews were repetitive , and could have been edited some to tighten up the film , but that 's a small gripe.The film won the Audience Award at the recent 2012 Sundance Festival and , it 's good to know that New Video and Docurama are getting it out on DVD so quickly.I watched the DVD , not the Bluray , but I do n't think there is any difference in content . The DVD has four bonus features in addition to the full-length audio commentary by Director Dick and the film 's Producer , Amy Ziering : Extended interview with one of the victims and her husband - 4 minutesThe Sundance Speak-out session - 6 minutesA `` Survivors Retreat '' - 11 minutesA featurette on `` Equine PTSD Therapy '' where horses are used to help the victims deal with their emotional issues - 3 minutesWhen there are stories as important as this , I sometimes wonder how the TV `` news '' show can spend their air time on `` Tom and Katie '' fluff stories . At least THIS story is being told via home video.I hope you found this review both informative and helpful.Steve Ramm `` Anything Phonographic ''
 I 'd encourage everyone to go see the film if it plays nearby . I 've been reading up about it but the actual film is even more powerful . The systemic injustice suffered by these men and women is horrific . The military seems like a very hostile workplace . And it scares me to realize that the perpetrators , who often go scot-free or even promoted , may one day mix amongst us civilians without our knowing . They could create new victims in workplaces and in our neighborhoods . I am glad that the Secretary of Defense is taking some steps to improve the process , but more needs to be done . Kudos to Kirby Dick and his team for bringing this important issue to our attention .
 &#34; The Invisible War &#34; not only exposes the serious problem of rape for both men and women in our armed services , but it offers some sense of why this occurs so frequently and -- most importantly -- what can be done to fix it . In very emotional footage , men and women speak about their rapes and how it destroyed their ability to continue to serve and the dedication of many of their family members who were also serving . This documentary is important for anyone who cares about the professionalism of our armed forces and about the money we put into training people who want to serve and then are lost . It also presents possible solutions ... so you leave the film with the sense that things can change if there is the will to change them . Very powerful .
 `` The Invisible War '' is a 2012 documentary about rape in the United States Military . The film showcases about a few dozen women -LRB- and one man -RRB- and their firsthand accounts of the rape they experienced at the hands of trusted fellow officers . Per the film , when these women reported the assault , they were treated disgracefully . Every woman in the documentary was denied justice and in almost all of the cases , not only did the perpetrators walk away completely unscathed , but many of them were promoted to higher ranking positions.After watching the film , I came away with a few negative perceptions of the way our armed forces are managed based on the actions of the U.S. Department of Defense -LRB- DOD -RRB- in general and the U.S. Military specifically.First , while the official numbers of rapes of enlisted men and women in the U.S. Military is roughly at 13.5 % per the DOD , this is what is being reported . There are estimates that the real numbers are either double or triple that of the official numbers . Considering how poorly and unjustly the victims were treated , I can see why so many might decide not to report their assaults ... especially if they want to make the military their career . Many of these women , some of whom were unmarried , were raped by married men and instead of the men being disciplined or charged , the women were demoted or had disciplinary actions taken against them for adultery ! I kid you not ... Secondly , actions speak volumes . It is clear that women are not wanted or accepted as full partners / soldiers / comrades -LRB- whatever you want to call them -RRB- in the United States Military . If they were , what 's happened would not have happened on the scale that it has . The lack of any real oversight and the unwillingness to charge or seriously discipline the perpetrators says a lot . Since Leon Panetta viewed this film , he has since removed the ability of the soldiers ' direct report -LRB- captain , sergeant , lieutenant , etc. -RRB- to be judge and jury during these cases , so we will see what happens next . Imagine being raped by your commander , yet he was the one who you had to report the rape to ? What ? Those insane rules had been in effect until April or May of 2012 . Thirdly , is the issue of the quality of person we have in the United States Military . Certainly , many good people join and serve honorably -LRB- men and women -RRB- , however , after viewing this film and hearing a few personal stories while living in the 2nd largest military community in the country -LRB- South Eastern VA , 1 in 10 Virginians are active or retired duty military -RRB- , it would appear that either the U.S. Military has severely lowered its standards or their standards were never that high to begin with . The lack of concern and definitive action speak directly to the decency and character of those overseeing and judging these rape victims and incidents ... at the highest levels ! `` The Invisible War '' is tragic , but a must see for any woman considering joining the military . After seeing this , if my daughter was of age to join , as a parent I would strongly dissuade her from joining . Though I 'm sure there are many women in our armed forces that never have an incident like this and go on to have fulfilling military careers , it 's an awful chance to take considering that one is more likely to be raped while serving versus being a civilian . Documentaries are usually created to educate the public about a given topic and this one did just that for me and for many others , it would seem , judging by the reviews . Sad , but excellent film that needed to be made .
 I worked as a Dept of Defense engineer for the better part of two decades , supervised 60 employees , and was a stellar performer . Thankfully I was never raped , but I did experience harassment , threats to my life , and what laughably passes for DoD 's `` justice system '' . I can attest that the systemic dysfunction purported by this movie is absolutely true . Because America is engaged in perpetual wars , has residual guilt feelings over how we treated returning Vietnam vets , and is largely indifferent to the fate of the mostly lower classes that comprise our fighting force , politicians are reluctant to address the massive corruption and mismanagement in this popular , and politically powerful organization.I also highly recommend Chalmers Johnson 's books , for insight into military operations . Very enlightening series.Blowback , Second Edition
 I watched this movie because I Kori one of the victims is one of my best friends and I wanted to better understand her struggle . I knew of the situations years before this movie was even thought of and I was aware of Kori 's struggles but I had no idea until this year what she has really been going through . I 'm in the U.S Army and I support this movie and the Invisible War movement I have seen women be assaulted and put into situation that were wrong and they always came out as the bad guy in the situation the finger was automatically pointed at her and she was harassed until she dropped the charged . This is a problem and I am so glad that Kori and the other survivor 's voices are finally being heard !
 This documentary on docuramafilms with commentary by Director Kirby Dick does not pull any punches . In The Invisible War many women and some men talk frankly about being raped during their military service . Instead of being given an opportunity to testify in a military court , many of their complaints are being dismissed by officers who tend to take the charges lightly . This is unacceptable -LRB- I have one daughter and five grand-daughters -RRB- . Today , a female soldier in combat zones is more likely to be raped by a fellow soldier than be killed by enemy fire . This injustice needs to be ended promptly.Contact your congressman and demand action .
 The Invisible War is a real eye-opener into the horrific problem of sexual assault in the military . Filmmaker Andy Dick dives into the subject matter with poignant interviews with victims of rape and sexual assault ; we also see `` officials '' in the Sexual Assault Prevention & Response program who are not well versed at all in what they 're supposed to be doing when it comes to stopping this problem . The film progresses at a good pace , never too fast or too slow ; and I was never once bored . Indeed , my heart broke for these people , both women and men , who were made to suffer without any ability to bring their perpetrators to justice.We see just how hard it is to ever bring an offender to justice -- sometimes it 's the commanding officer who committed the crime ! Moreover , in interview after interview , we find out that the military 's officers have quite a deal going down in their favor -- not only do they say the woman caused it by perhaps being too `` provocative '' or dressing in an attractive way , they simultaneously open an investigation into the woman who was raped in order to make her an example to others . The lesson they want to teach is that if you file a complaint about sexual harassment or sexual abuse you will be most likely demoted or even potentially ousted from the military . After all is said and done , victims get punished and the perpetrators are shielded -- and sometimes even rewarded as their crimes are covered up ! Of course , this system has resulted in many , many cases of sexual assault never being reported to commanding officers.Another interesting fact I discovered was that 15 % of men entering the military have already committed some type of sexual assault ! This is very troubling.The DVD comes with a few bonus features . I particularly appreciated the Sundance `` speak-out session '' and the featurette about a survivors retreat . There is also an extended interview with a victim and her husband and a brief featurette about PTSD -LRB- Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome -RRB- therapy using horses.I am encouraged that Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta watched this film and took away the ability of commanding officers to be brutally harsh judges and juries when women file complaints about harassment and abuse . Obviously , however , there 's a lot more that needs to be done . This fine documentary should be mandatory viewing for any new recruits and women who are thinking of joining the military and people making policy decisions at all levels of government that have to do with the armed forces and recruiting . In addition , anyone who appreciates crime and military documentaries with social and cultural themes will not be disappointed .
 Be prepared , I am not a crier , but you just can not help it . It was a very engrossing documentary . The statistics as well as the stories of the people featured are truly horrifying . This just shows another side to how poorly we are caring for our soldiers .
 Speaks the truth about the military , something like this shouldnt be kept a secert . They should be proud that we have men and women WILLING to fight for our country .
 This film was eye-opening and horrifying . I can not even imagine the emotional and physical devastation victims and their families go through . My heart and prayers go out to all of you who have been affected in some way by this crime ! And a huge thank you to the filmmakers ! It 's films like this that are a great tool to not only raise awareness , but to actually get things changed ! It has inspired me to do whatever I can to help -LRB- voting , telling others , etc. -RRB- . Go to -LSB- ... -RSB- and sign the petition and tweet/facebook/G + it !!!
 Thank you to these women and men who are standing up , speaking up for change . They are heroes.Thank you for letting us know that federal court considers rape `` an occupational hazard of military service '' , and that the military is in effect enabling rapists by not prosecuting them . That some rapists go on to be promoted is painfully unbelievable.What can be said of an institution that betrays the noble individuals upon whom it depends ?
 I was overwhelmed by the frequency of these attacks and the command structure turning a blind eye to the problem . This would n't happen if there were not a tacit institutional approval . Every recruit and every officer should watch this movie . Highly recommended .
 This documentary is riveting ... a true exposure of the horrid atrocities committed against the women and men that honorably serve our nation . I highly highly recommend !
 This documentary is long overdue and will make you cry and make you mad - hopefully , mad enough to get involved and help solve the problem of rape within the U.S. military!For those women thinking about military service , this is a MUST WATCH FILM !
 i took a former marine to see this . He was as moved as I was . I bought this one for my grandson soldier
 Movie addresses what we in the military have know for a long time that sexual assaul has been running rampant and some our our leaders are the perpetrators as well as accessories to the crime . I hope now that 's its out in the open more leaders will stand up and pledge I will not be a perpetrator of these actions and I will use the UCMJ to effectively punish those within my command who commit this crime against our service men and women .
 A disturbing , compelling look into the military structures and bureaucracy that prevent sexual assault cases from being properly dealt with , and the devastating effect is has on the lives of survivors .
 This movie was very compelling.What the women in our armed forces have to endure to serve there country is disgraceful to say the very least and the fact that it gets swept under the rug is infuriateing.A must see movie for the sake of every women who has endured this treatment from the country that they serve.It needs to change it must !!!
 This was a really compelling documentary . The filmmakers have a strong agenda , but it 's an important one , and I felt that the material presented was mostly well documented . Worth watching .
 This documentary is helping make this invisible issue known and helping women servicemembers . Its helping convice the people who can make changes to help . As a victim of military rape , I appreciate it so deeply when someone says thanks , but I always wish I could tell them why I really appreciate their thanks . I 'm thankful this documentary can do it better than I can alone.Everyone deserves to know , when they say `` thankyou for your service '' : its more likely they 're thanking women for a sacrifice they 're not even aware of . The women recieving the thanks might wish they could tell them , but there 's not enough awareness in the public to feel like anyone would understand if we told them.Anyone thinking of joining the military : watch this to see what 's actually happened to other women . I cringe during a part of the documentary where a victim tries to talk to someone thinking about joining the military . She 's not really worried it would happen to them , a reaction which is really , really ... usual . Do n't try to make yourself feel better . I 've been there , too , so I 'm not going to argue but to say I talked to too many other female victims in my own unit to tell anyone , in good conscience , I think it would n't happen to them . For example , I was n't drinking when I was raped and it was in the middle of the day . What you may typically think happens , probably is n't , and you may not be able to react like you think you would either . Some women get raped again by the same person , pretty hard to believe that could happen to you until you hear why it happens.Even more importantly , this documentary can help people understand how I feel PTSD is made worse : because of military policies you not only still feel in danger after the rape but even more in danger from attack on everything about you by people you 're supposed to be able to trust . For the months and years -LRB- of what I believe is reprisal for reporting rape -RRB- , its almost impossible not to develop worse PTSD .
 Wow ! What an amazing documentary . To think that sexual assault is essentially condoned in the military is absolutely sickening to me . Props to the filmmakers and even more so to the women who had the courage to tell their stories in this film . They are our true military heros . Props also to Leon Pannetta for taking the power out of commanding officers ' hands when it comes to investigating allegations of rape because it 's nuthin ' but a boy 's club . I 'm so sick and tired of A-hole men who are so insecure and violent that they have to resort to rape to inflate their egos .
 There are a lot of people that are clueless about the military and this movie does show the biggest problem the military is bring faced with . Remember this movie was filmed throughout years and now the military is enforcing this issue hard . Just like any other change to society , its going to take time for people to adjust given there are people in the military with old fashion views . It was an amazing movie but just because this happens in the military does not mean the whole organization is bad .
 This film was recommended to me by a family member who knew one of the Production Assistants . I have very little knowledge of the military and armed forces , other than what I heard on the news , in history classes , or during Veteran 's Day memorials . I 've always felt that those who served deserved the respect of those who stayed behind , and the proper care that a government owes those who protect its interests . I still believe that veterans deserve respect and care , but I definitely have a different perspective on the whole organization . Veteran care should extend to the men and women who are harmed and injured in war , by enemies foreign , domestic , and in the bunk beside them . This epidemic of sexual assault and rape has got to be stopped , and I hope this film has enormous impact on policymakers and people who refuse to let victims be silenced and perpetrators allowed to continue their lives as normal .
 Unfortunately these events are not rare and it is true that the worst part of the whole experience is all too often how the victim is handled by the chain of command . This documentary allows these survivors to tell thier story with dignity .
 This movie illuminates how the problem of sexual violence has become an institution within one of America 's most respected governmental entities - the Department of Defense . This movie is not anti-military ; the survivors featured within the movie make it clear that they were deeply hurt by the military 's lack of response because of how much they respected the institution .
 As soon as I saw that one of the executive producers on this movie was Jennifer Siebel Newsom -LRB- director and producer of the amazing documentary Miss Representation -RRB- , I knew it was going to be good . The reporting was excellent , weaving together statistics and testimony from women in the military , their spouses , and government officials to drive home the point of how deep the problems go and how difficult they are to change . While it was disheartening to watch , I feel it is vital viewing material for everyone , but especially women who are considering joining the military . There are good people in the military , but women need to know the situations they may find themselves coming up against and make sure they think it is still worth it .
 ... but that is the only option in your 5-star category ! The documentary is beautifully &#34; done &#34; in the sense that it is not DONE at all . The exquisite attention to the sense of place for each victim , the simplicity of narration , spareness of interview settings , and unembroidered musings and reflections of the several women gave a real sense of the genuineness , passion and committment of the filmmakers . From the higher-ups , the lower-downs , the advocates , prosecutors , defenders of the service branches , defenders of the victims -LRB- Bless them , some quite courageous because of where they are ! -RRB- , the viewer is NOT patronized . Each is treated objectively nd like the adults we are , we may reach out own conclusions . To see ourselves as fully evolved , may we not remain silent !
 Makes you think about the world we live in and how we treat victims . I would recommend this movie to anyone who believes we dont have a problem .
 There is a short list of films that have actually changed political life - and this is one of them . -LRB- Other films would include `` Victim '' which changed Britain 's view of its criminal persecution of homosexuals - or - `` I am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang '' which sparked interest in changing the harsh treatment of prisoners -RRB- This is a shocking documentary of the culture of rape in the military and the 5 star brass ignoring it . The film discloses the really large percentages of women -LRB- and men -RRB- who have been sexually attacked by their fellow soldiers - with nothing being done about it , or even worse - expect it - part of the job . It is a difficult film to watch , bet on that , yet it is disturbingly powerful .
 If you know someone -LRB- especially a female -RRB- who is going to join the military , or who is already in , this is a video that should be watched .
 a must watch . if you do n't walk away from the doc . pretty ticked off at our military , something 's wrong with you . -LRB- NOT everyone in the military is like this . . yes , i know that . -RRB- LIARS !
 This is a powerful documentary of an epidemic within our military ranks . Hopefully by bringing attention to the issue , things will change .
 A must see film . Shocking and horrifying . I do n't know what else to say other than watch this film . Please
 Great way to watch , very convenient . I like that I can download it on more than one device . Good documentary .
 This movie has shocked me that this goes on but contradicts me too cause I kind of wandered that this has been going on as well because of men and women working togeather . The laws are not as important in the military as it is out here in the non military world but it still happens in civillian land so why not make a movie for them women too and not just for the military and what about animals do they have rights I mean they are being raped and humans are taught that this is a normalpart of there life.So is this the same thing with humans ? mabie this is normal for rape to be as populer as it is ? as a parant we teach ourchildren not to talk to strangers and to not accept things from other people and to stay on guard of this but as they get older like every one we never are safe no matter wha age we are because we are in a world of a variety of diffrentkinds of people.Women wanted to be equal and to join the military and do what men do well now look what is happening when we dont involve good religious values in to the military and enforce the laws but then laws are meant to be broken right?I am sorry for what has happened to women and men that have been raped and I wish this was a thing that never happens bud it does and we have to suck it up andjust learn from it like all things and to remember men and women are wired difrent and this is why we were all taught to not talk to strangers because they can trick us in to doing bad things so just remember ladies even a friend might be a future sex offender in this world .
 I 'd been hearing with alarm about this &#34; invisible war &#34; from veterans ' advocates and others who have worked with many of the women -LRB- and men -RRB- who make up the staggering number who have been sexually assaulted in the course of serving in our military . But this film packs an emotional wallop as it shows in stark relief why we must get a handle on this issue immediately . We owe it to our sisters and brothers whose good faith service to their nation has resulted in the psychic wounds we see onscreen with heartbreaking clarity . -LRB- By the way , I gave the film four stars instead of five only because , although it 's artful , it is the material , not the filmmaking that most stand out . -RRB-
 This is not an easy documentary to watch . Through servicemembers ' stories , both male and female , the film will help the viewer understand the trauma of sexual assault , but more importantly , the film helps the viewer understand the horrors that come from interacting with people who are part of an ill-equipped response system . The first wound that survivors of sexual assault experience is the trauma of having someone violate their private , personal , sacred part of themselves . The second wound comes from people who degrade , blame , and criticize survivors of sexual assault . It takes extreme courage and bravery to come forward and report sexual assault . This is not to say that the men and women who do not come forward are not courageous and brave . Every survivor has their reasons for telling or not telling others that they were sexually assaulted . This film shows the devastating impact that friends , colleagues , law enforcement officials , attorneys , leaders , etc. , can have on sexual assault survivors when they do n't believe them , or they blame them for other 's crimes , or worse , attempt to hide or cover up other 's crimes . Secondary victims -LRB- the friends , family and supporters of survivors of sexual assault -RRB- can also be negatively impacted by this crime . In the film , viewers will see how fathers and mothers , wives and husbands can be devastated by the sexual assault of their loved ones . Viewers will also get a sense of what the military is doing to address sexual assault and where the military has room for improvement . One criticism of this film is that it does not give any real credence to positive steps that the military has made in addressing sexual assault . For example , the movie makes fun of what the military calls &#34; restricted reporting &#34; , where a servicemember can get counseling and support without triggering an investigation and without their chain of command being informed . For all the potential examples of where the military has room for improvement , restricted reporting is not a good example . The civilian community has the equivalent of &#34; restricted reporting &#34; where a victim can get help and support without law enforcement being called . It is a victim-centered approach that the civilian world has used for decades . Not all vicitms want law enforcement involved and it is , and should be , their choice . The movie also puts a negative spin on military prevention efforts - and some of that criticism is well-deserved . The civilian community does not have any better solutions for sexual assault prevention . The movie gives the impression that the civilian world is doing a great job addressing sexual assault and that the military is miserably failing at addressing sexual assault . It 's closer to the truth to acknowledge that the civilian world does not have a good track record when it comes to convictions for sexual assault . The civilian world thinks that a one-hour workshop in your first month of college will set you for life in regard to sexual assault prevention . The civilan world thinks it 's appropriate to adjudicate college campus sexual assaults with a disciplinary review board made up of faculty and students . Last time I checked , sexual assault is a felony crime and felony crimes are supposed to be adjudicated in a criminal court . The film is worth watching , if for no other reason , to make yourself aware of the devastating impact of sexual assault on servicemembers .
 It took women entering the armed forces to finally bring to light this hidden horrow , but alot more should have been focused on the men who have been suffering this tragedy since at least the 1940 's . I hope a further docudrama will be developed to tell their story and urge concerned citizens to write their congressman . My one criticism is the attempt to make it look like violent men could not possibly be gay . While not all rapists in the army are gay , some of them are . Sometimes we go to far while trying to support minorities . Gays are human not angels and there are violent members in their ranks just as there are in heterosexuals . Everyone has to take responsibility for this injustice and figure out what is to be done . I will be checking AMAZON periodically for more docudramas on this subject .
 This documentary gave an unbiased , true account of something we dare not think about . I hope it creates a call to action to our government leaders . THIS CAN NOT CONTINUE ! The documentary was told from the point of view of actual females in the military who were subjected to sexual assault & in all instances the powers that be in the military chose to blame the victim & not the offender . Should be watched by every woman in the US considering a military career . Facts are chilling ! We let these offenders get away with rape & the are let loose on society where they repeat their rapes !!! Awesome story . I adnire the courage of the women who came forward to tell their story . I hope you get justice someday !
 The Invisible War is a must see , not only because it is very well made , but because everyone should be aware of this issue that plagues the American military . The Invisible War does a beautiful job of simply letting the victims tell their stories . The result is both heartbreaking and eye opening . I had no prior knowledge of the injustices in our military system , but now I consider myself an advocate for change . I would encourage you to educate yourself . Watch this film .
 This film touches on a lot of issues , with one main one in the centerpiece , that as both a human being and Marine Corps veteran cuts deep . I served with one of the women in this film , and it broke my heart to hear her story . The military is still very much a boys club , with women who have been raped or brutalized often having to prove that they did n't `` earn it '' or `` ask for it . '' While I think some of the film was focused too much on one story , when there were so many that equally deserved the spotlight , I 'm assuming it was because hers was a little more dynamic and discussed a serious problem with the Veterans Affairs administration 's genuine incapability to handle veteran 's affairs . It 's hard to watch , and hard to swallow , but that 's the point . This needs to be talked about if there 's ever a chance to FIX this problem .
 I write this with anger and sorrow . Sorrow for those who had this story to tell ; anger against the perpetrators who actually committed these crimes and those who covered up this tragedy . This is a story that needed to be told . I heard of the documentary from a news source and its being nominated for an Oscar , and quickly rented it when I saw it was available on Amazon . I watched with a growing heavy heart and so many tears . Being a former solder once I am angered that these fellow soldiers had to go through this . I am glad that it was so very well done . Watch this with a guarded heart ; watch this with a heart of love for these soldiers ; watch this in support of them and those who love them . Then act .
 Every member of the military should see this . The more education , the greater the awareness of the struggle to put the blame where it belongs .
 Its great that Military Sexual Trauma is getting talked about and recognized publicly . Whats not great is that rape in the Military is considered an &#34; occupational hazard &#34; . Is this conveyed now to all of those who desire to join the Armed Forces ? I served my country and am a victim of rape . This movie shed some light and gave some staggering statistics , but it still left me in the dark about many things . I feel that this movie just touches the tip of the problem . I 'm not sure that there can ever be a movie that gets all down into the dirty details and really discusses what is being swept under the rugs of our great leaders . Oh , and now we have the wonderful news that women can serve on the front lines in battle . How do you really think that 's going to go over when most men still perceive women as their personal &#34; proving &#34; grounds ? We will always be perceived as inferior , weaker , and only there to benefit men to the majority .
 I 've worked with and befriended some of the social workers and veterans in this documentary and this film is probably the most accurate portrayal of -LRB- MST -RRB- Military Sexual Trauma that illustrates the impact this violent crime has on our veterans . It shows the devastation of military rape and criminal `` cover-ups '' and how the this particular act of military violence wrecks people 's careers , relationships , families and physical health and personal lives . This video ought to be played at every high-school to show young men and women the dangers of enlisting in our current military climate . Unfortunately the greatest danger veterans face is not terrorism but each other , their superiors and so-called `` military justice . '' Kori Cioca is a brave young woman and I thank Susan Burke and Susan Avila-Smith for helping us veterans and survivors of MST to speak out against this incredible injustice and social ignominy that has long been ignored by the military command at large .
 The fact that women in our military have had to deal with rape only to be ingnored or tossed asside by those in high ranks who are swarn to serve is a shameful secret in our country .
 Chilling and perfectly presented - it will give you stories of real insight into what women go through in the military .
 Eye opening even to SAPR POC/VA trained active duty female . I always wondered why we focus on the victim and not the perpetrator punishment during training .
 This documentary was amazing and tells a handful of stories about what happens to female soldiers . It was heartbreaking and enlightening . I would highly recommend this to anyone .
 The movie is an eye opener and highlights injustice in the defence forces for women . It brings out clearly the need for a change in habits of the defence system . It inspired me to watch courageous women who are initiating changes after the sad events . The movie sensitized me about the hardships these women are facing and exposes rape culture among severely patriarcichal defence system . These women are role models for me . Thanks Kirby for bringing out this movie . I hope more products like these will lead sociological advances after scientific , technological and economic advances , that have always taken limelight .
 I honestly stumbled on this as I was researching positions for women in the military . I wanted to join , and still do , but because of this movie I do n't know if I 'm the kind of woman up for the job . I liked this documentary so much that I told pretty much everyone I know about it and am trying to become active about rape in the military.Hope everyone and their mom watch this ! Literally .
 This documentary was difficult to watch because of the nature of rape in the military but it is a documentary that everyone should watch . It is a powerful and gripping documentary which exposes how gender is demarkated in our nation 's armed forces . The stories that are told makes you feel outraged and ashamed of the United States military . I do not know any women that are currently serving in any branches of the military but if I did I would fear for their safety . The military is expected to guard , protect and defend the safety and security of any and all Americans regardless of race , creed , sex or sexual orientation . Yet , the crime of rape is rampant in our military and the victims can not get jutice because their attackers are either their superiors or a buddy of their superiors . This documentary illustrates that men , mostly white men are using sexual violence in order to intimidate , control , feel superior to and humiliate women in the United States military . I have the highest respect for these women coming forward and telling their stories . By exposing these atrocities , they are in their own ways protesting and resisting the evil crimes that have been perpetrated against them .
 Freddy Kruger , Jason , Twilight , vampires , the walking dead , those make believe horror icons are not the true American horrors . After watching this dvd , I truthfully say that none of those movies will scare me as much as this one did.The Catholic Church , The Boy Scouts of America , Penn State -LRB- Jerry Sandusky -RRB- and now the American military . What are we doing as a nation ? Institutions that we have cherished , have looked up to for leadership and guidance , we now find out have failed our boys , our women in so many ways . Watching these brave women and men , so invaded , so disrespected is truly a national tragedy.As a former Catholic altar boy and a former boy scout , I guess I 'll consider myself lucky to never have had a negative experience in those early activities.A larger question ... what are we , as a nation doing wrong in raising our boys ?? What can men do to change this outrageous behaviour?What watching this dvd has done for me is to ask these questions , to wonder what the future brings for these women and men ... and for us as a country.What are our values ? This is the new American horror story , I only wish that it was fiction .
 This movie is very powerful and can cause triggers to flare in survivors . Even those who have healed from their ordeals have broken down while watching it . If you know someone in the military who has been a victim of sexual assault , I urge you to have them visit their local Sexual Assault Response office . The military program is n't painted in a very good light -LRB- in the documentary -RRB- when it comes to * preventing * sexual assault but , despite that , they do very well when it comes to helping the victim find the resources they need to get their power back and to begin healing . Until science and technology make it possible for us to directly pinpoint a perpetrator , we will never be able to prevent sexual assault but we , as a society , can help victims when they need us -LRB- and even when they do n't . -RRB-
 Who knew ? We hear about the Haj at Mecca which draws a couple of million pilgrims , but who knew that the Kumbh Mela in India drew 70 million ?!! Seventy million Hindu pilgrims ! Not to mention thousands of naked holymen doing all sorts of bizarre penances to God ! The film is a visual journey and a feast for the imagination . Brilliant , colorful cinematography depicting a strange gathering in a strange land . A must have for anyone interested in cultural anthropology , India , or spirituality . Might have been made better with more documentary information -LRB- for example I found out this religious gathering has been going on -- its held every 12 years -- since 3464 BC ! -RRB- and possibly the integration of some still images on which to linger a bit in mid-marvel . All in all a wonderful and fascinating experience . -LRB- By the way I found a wonderfully informative and funny story about the Kumbh on a web mag called theArtichoke.org . -RRB-
 Travel with filmmaker Nadeem Uddin to Mother India on his journey to Allahabad located at the confluence of two sacred rivers , the Ganges and Jamuna . You are on a spiritual pilgrimage to the final mela in a series of festivals that occurs only once every 144 years . Walk amongst the estimated 70 million pilgrims in the sweltering heat as they descend upon their appointed destination.Open your mind and heart and take a deep breath before you dare enter into a realm of the spirit quite foreign to Occidental sensibilities . It 's here amidst the noise and smoke , the pungent fragrances and endless chanting that the visual and olfactory assault will soon begin . Nude ascetics will surround you on all sides and strange , exotic smells will confront your nostrils . In some quarters of the festival bizarre and disturbing exhibitions of self-mutilation will be exhibited while a female avatar dances with cobras and a prospective guru is buried underground for three days in a state of samadi as an offering for universal harmony . Situations very unnerving for the uninitiated traveler.Congratulations you have arrived at the largest gathering of humanity in the history of the world ! It 's the 2001 ` Maha Kumbh Mela ' let the purification begin!This is an amazing and beautiful spiritual documentary and an essential addition to the DVD library of anyone fascinated by the diverse and sometimes unfathomable nature of faith in all its various modes of expression . Definitely not for the closed minded .
 This wonderful film immerses the viewer in the experience of Kumbh Mela . There is no unnecessary narrative telling you what you are seeing or what you are supposed to think about the incredible events occurring here . I appreciated that the viewer is allowed to form their own thoughts and ideas as the documentary unfolds . I am also delighted that this film will bring this ancient festival into the homes and hearts of people around the world who can now share in the wonder of this tradition . It is especially encouraging to know that the largest gathering of people in recorded history , visible from space , was inspired by a deep and abiding love and spiritual belief .
 Our local spiritual movie group had the wonderful opportunity to screen this film at one of our gatherings . It was captivating ! Kumbh Mela
 For such an age-old festival , only the purest of documentary art will do it justice . Commentary would spoil the images , and Nadeem Uddin instead provides us a mix of music and sounds that strengthen the already powerful and beautiful images he recorded of millions of devout Hindus on their way to salvation.This is Direct Cinema at its best , empowering viewers to make their own judgments , or just to enjoy a montage of filmic images that defines a unique congregation and community of mankind.Would that we could all share such an experience . Now we can .
 It is sort of like a `` spiritual Woodstock '' with all sorts of spiritual leaders and not so spiritual people . There was everything from the Dalai Lama , to the `` side-show '' woman in a cage full of cobras , to a guy with a knife sticking through his arm , to Yogamata Keiko who was buried in samadhi for 72 hours , to `` bike Baba '' the tour guide on a motor scooter . I just wish there were some way I could have smelled the smells through the DVD . It is a cultural experience that is rather startling to those of us in the West .
 This film is a masterpiece of visual , emotional and spiritual elements which beautifully conveys the true essence of the largest gathering of humanity in the world . The cinematography is alive with the sights and sounds of a world festival of epic proportions . You feel all the emotion of one who was actually present in India at this most special gathering . Many religions and philosophies made their presence felt , as they all came together in a spirit of oneness and peace .
 This movie is a rich trip to another culture taken without leaving home . Viewing this film was like opening a window to a part of India that would never be seen by the average traveller . I recommend this movie for anyone interested in creative film making and India .
 From time immemorial to the present day , devotees have gathered with unwavering faith to receive the blessings of holy saints and bathe in the holiest of holy bathing spots in India -- Allahabad . As tour guide for Kumbh Mela tours , I recommend you get a copy of this film , which propels you into the magic that is Kumbh Mela . After seeing this film , you may feel called to come to the Ardh Kumbh Mela in 2007 .
 This documentary is beautiful expession of millions of people coming together on the River Ganges . A beautiful expression of love and harmony among all of us . A reason to join humanity again in case you started to fill disconnected . Highly recommended !
 This is the second film of this filmaker 's which I recently watched . I am in awe of the sheer visual power and colors of the Kumbh Mela . Its also worth seeing his shorter film
 Love the Allstars . This is an amazing show , well shot and edited . Great Interviews ! A must for very fan to see !
 Despite the fact that this movie / web episodes have received negative ratings , I actually like it just the way it is . I also like the acting . I understand that the movie is very different from the books but that 's just fine with me .
 I would just like to thank the other positive reviewers on this page as it was due to them that I bought this DVD . I thought it was based on the book of the same name but the book is a follow up , rather like ` Saving Private Ryan ' . This film itself tells of the exploits of a group of volunteer Australian miners who were employed during WW 1 to undermine and then blow up enemy German positions . It should be noted that most of the tunnelling was a British effort , but the aid from the Commonwealth was invaluable . I only found out recently that Chineses ` coolies ' were used extensively for the trench digging too . This then is part of their truly monumentally brave story.The film is so authentic in its presentation of the terrible conditions endured by all sides at the front and is more astonishing as it was filmed in Australia and funded by inter alia The Australian Film Commission . The acting is spot on , the cinematography though not beautiful does exactly what you would want in terms of conveying the filth and the sense of claustrophobia when below ground . They do not shy away from the gruesome detail and Alan Dukes and Brendan Cowell are both excellent leads.That said there is not one lack lustre performance and every one comes across as believable . The story is told with a modicum of flash backs but this is so well balanced that it helps the narrative flow . For fans of ` Birdsong ' by Sebastian Faulks , this film will add to the plot . For fans of history it also tells a part of the amazing Allied attack on the Messine Ridge . For language wary types , there is some German with sub titles , but as I speak a bit of Deutsh I did not find it off putting . This really is a great film that seemed to just fly by -LRB- only one cup of tea - always a good sign -RRB- you will not be sorry for the purchase
 With 1980 's `` Breaker Morant '' by Bruce Beresford and 1981 's `` Gallipoli '' by Peter Weir , I fell in love with Australian cinema . Through the years , I have seen their film industry grow stronger and more prolific with many of my favorites hailing from that area . Both of these pictures deal with war and its devastating consequences and both are powerful depictions of ordinary men pushed into extraordinary circumstances . A similar sentiment can be issued for Jeremy Sims ' `` Beneath Hill 60 , '' the latest examination of men in battle from Down Under . Nominated for 12 Australian Film Institute Awards , the film tells a remarkable true life story from World War I where miners were brought to the front lines to tunnel under enemy positions . It is not a tale I was familiar with , and the claustrophobic and confined settings makes for a uniquely compelling experience of brotherhood and bravery.Brendan Cowell plays the central character and much , if not all , of the narrative is seen through his perspective . Remaining at home in Australia to mine copper for the war effort , he is branded a coward . But when tragedy strikes , he takes up arms and heads to Europe . On the western front , he becomes the ranking officer over a crew that is working beneath the trenches . Ultimately , the troop is confronted with one of the largest campaigns of the war -- to undermine a pivotal German position beneath the infamous Hill 60 . Playing a riveting game of cat and mouse with tunneling Germans , the team works tirelessly to prepare the single largest explosive charge ever collected in one place to devastate the German line from underground . Taut and exciting , the film sets up the tunneling activity with great depth and detail and strands the viewer in the dank earth.Sims ' endeavor is a more classic war story than either of the other films that I mentioned . Those films were driven more by characters , by innocence lost or morality questioned -LRB- in truth , they 'd probably be called anti-war films -RRB- . Here the men never veer from the pursuit of a straightforward goal . Sure they deal with fear , adversity , death , unreasonable expectations -- but they do so with the single minded purpose of getting the mission done . While the cast is appealing , Cowell plays the only character that gets much actual development . While a good examination of men being brought together by circumstance , the film lacked a bit of emotional impact for me without more in-depth characterizations . It 's an easy recommendation , however , as a realistic portrait of men in combat and a unique chapter in history . Well made from a technical aspect , check it out -- you might be surprised if this one flew under your radar . KGHarris , 6/11 .
 THIS TRUE STORY OF A GROUP OF AUSTRALIAN TUNNELERS DURING WW1 IS A WONDERFUL MOVIE THAT WILL HOLD YOUR ATTENTION START TO FINISH . A GROUP OF MEN LEAD BY OLIVER WOODWARD MUST DIG THEIR WAY WELL BELOW GROUND AND THEN ACROSS TO BENEATH THE GERMAN STRONGHOLD ON HILL 60 IN ORDER TO SET OFF THOUSANDS OF EXPLOSIVES IN THE HOPE OF SHORTENING THE BRUTAL WAR . WHAT THESE MEN SEE AND FEEL IS SIMPLY TOO DIFFICULT TO EXPRESS IN WORDS . THIS IS A MOVING AND SOMETIMES BRUTAL VIEW OF THEIR EXPERIENCE
 With 1980 's `` Breaker Morant '' by Bruce Beresford and 1981 's `` Gallipoli '' by Peter Weir , I fell in love with Australian cinema . Through the years , I have seen their film industry grow stronger and more prolific with many of my favorites hailing from that area . Both of these pictures deal with war and its devastating consequences and both are powerful depictions of ordinary men pushed into extraordinary circumstances . A similar sentiment can be issued for Jeremy Sims ' `` Beneath Hill 60 , '' the latest examination of men in battle from Down Under . Nominated for 12 Australian Film Institute Awards , the film tells a remarkable true life story from World War I where miners were brought to the front lines to tunnel under enemy positions . It is not a tale I was familiar with , and the claustrophobic and confined settings makes for a uniquely compelling experience of brotherhood and bravery.Brendan Cowell plays the central character and much , if not all , of the narrative is seen through his perspective . Remaining at home in Australia to mine copper for the war effort , he is branded a coward . But when tragedy strikes , he takes up arms and heads to Europe . On the western front , he becomes the ranking officer over a crew that is working beneath the trenches . Ultimately , the troop is confronted with one of the largest campaigns of the war -- to undermine a pivotal German position beneath the infamous Hill 60 . Playing a riveting game of cat and mouse with tunneling Germans , the team works tirelessly to prepare the single largest explosive charge ever collected in one place to devastate the German line from underground . Taut and exciting , the film sets up the tunneling activity with great depth and detail and strands the viewer in the dank earth.Sims ' endeavor is a more classic war story than either of the other films that I mentioned . Those films were driven more by characters , by innocence lost or morality questioned -LRB- in truth , they 'd probably be called anti-war films -RRB- . Here the men never veer from the pursuit of a straightforward goal . Sure they deal with fear , adversity , death , unreasonable expectations -- but they do so with the single minded purpose of getting the mission done . While the cast is appealing , Cowell plays the only character that gets much actual development . While a good examination of men being brought together by circumstance , the film lacked a bit of emotional impact for me without more in-depth characterizations . It 's an easy recommendation , however , as a realistic portrait of men in combat and a unique chapter in history . Well made from a technical aspect , check it out -- you might be surprised if this one flew under your radar . KGHarris , 6/11 .
 `` When this thing blows it will be the biggest explosion the world 's ever seen . '' The incredible true story about civilian Australian miners during WWI . When Oliver Woodward -LRB- Cowell -RRB- and his men are called to the front lines of Germany in order to secure and protect a series of tunnels that are filled with explosives and is directly underneath the German stronghold of Hill 60 they are tested to thier limits . One of the biggest problems facing new war movies is that inevitably they are compared to `` Saving Private Ryan '' . Besideds `` We Were Soldiers '' , this is the only one I have seen that can stand up to the comparisons . I 'm not saying it is as good as those but it is pretty close . Much like the other two , the focus is split between the action of the war and the personal struggles of Captain Woodward . The fact that this is about an Australian battle and not an American one is irrelevant to Americans liking this movie . You are so caught up in the story that country does n't seem to matter -LRB- we were on the same side in the war anyway -RRB- , and you still feel a sense of pride watching the men work . This movie will not disapoint . Overall , one of the best war movies I have ever seen . Watch this , you will be glad you did . I give it an A - . Would I watch again ? - I definatly would . * Also try - Saving Private Ryan
 I am so happy with this film . It is probably the best war film set in the Great War , World War 1 . The story follows the Australian tunnelers responsible for mining under the German lines and blowing them to Kingdom come . Every detail is well done both big and small and you are rewarded with a true story and an interesting one to boot . The mining war under the trenches is well realised , with the Germans launching countermeasures and everyone trying to be silent since the other side is listening and here the two sides duel . The situation above ground it well done too , with life in the trenches all soaked in mud and sometimes blood.There is also some time devoted to memories from back home and here it helps that the Aussies have added a bit of humour that makes it all worth while.After watching a series of flawed war movies ; 71 Into the Fire Korean Movie Dvd English Sub Ntsc All Region Code -LRB- Based on a True Story -RRB- Kwon Sang Woo , Axis Of War
 Bought the movie on the strength of its reviews and was not disappointed . Very few movies out there regarding the `` war to end all wars '' . This is one mixes Australians miners with the values of persistence , camaraderie and valor and slowly builts up until it explodes . Fine acting and attention to detail -LRB- a tribute to its producers and researchers -RRB- make up for a fine fine movie .
 I am a war movie watcher always looking for something new . This was it . I never knew about tunnelers in WWI until this movie and then did research afterward to learn more . I recommend this movie for other war movie watchers looking for something new .
 Beneath Hill 60 is a fine story with good character development of a little-known aspect of WWI . Austrialian miners were used as expert sappers to tunnel under German defenses in efforts to open up the stagnant fronts dominated by machine guns , artillery , trenches and barbed wire . The actors are excellent for this portrayal of real events . The all-region format of this DVD allowed me to play it on my laptop computer.If you enjoy military history , you will appreciate this well-told story of bravery below the battlefield.Regards , Historyman
 World War I was a horrible war of attrition and when you tour the battlefields in Belgium and France and read of the years of shelling and slaughter over a short span of land , you come away with a better understanding of the hardships and sacrifice the soldiers there endured and the terrible price they paid . Beneath Hill 60 offers up a closer and gritty look at the role that some Aussie Miners played in the war of the trenches and offers up a very realistic and frightening view of a little known segment of the war.Afraid of tight spaces or the dark , are you ? If not , then this movie will make you afraid . It is a well done movie that will have you wondering how these soldiers fought this underground war and manage to do what they did . It also offers up a look at a quiet man -LRB- maybe a few at that and maybe a rowdy one or two as well -RRB- who reluctantly went to the fight and returned battle scarred as genuine heroes.It is a very good movie ; well acted , well directed , and with battle scenes that will keep you on the edge of your seat . I doubt if I will ever look at an old War monument the same again without offering up a quiet , respectful nod .
 Quick service and expected quality . Good movie about a part of WWI history that I had only some vaguely familiarity .
 Beneath Hill 60 is an Australian WWI movie which acknowledges the contribution of miners to the war effort . The narrative of the film is tightly woven by duty , love , and mateship . Whilst this work respects the tremendous loss of life caused by WWI , the story positively recognizes Australia 's involvement in several highly successful missions . The acting , film set , and costume design are of a noteworthy standard . It is an authentic and engaging Aussie motion picture.Nicholas R.W. Henning - Australian Author
 This is an absolutely EXCELLENT war movie that draws on human emotions and does n't over glorify war , but rather shows it honestly . At the finish I was absolutely mesmerized . This film is an experience , and not just a movie . I could n't stop watching until the credits stopped rolling and the screen reverted to the main menu . Its that good . If you appreciate war movies , this is a `` must-see '' . The direction , tightness of the script , based on the real life diaries of Oliver Woodward , and quality of the actors of this movie is unbelievable . Everything works and comes together . This DVD from amazon is excellent , and is all-region NTSC format , so you can watch in the USA .
 great movie or those history buffs . Full of great actors , with action and some historical value . Would highly recommend to anyone
 Great Service and excellent packaging . The items were received within two days and were well packaged . Will buy agian from this service
 A classic true story wth everything you would want in an action drama about war and the souls that are the pawns of governments
 Beneath Hill 60 with Brendan Cowell is an interesting histroical war movie . Not the best but worth watching . Did not know they had to dig mines to fight a war .
 This is one of those movies about a little known facet of WWI . Both the Germans and Allies were involved in tunneling under each others lines , but this one was the Granddaddy of them all . When the explosives were detonated , it could be heard as far away as Paris and London . This is a very absorbing story and one I feel is well worth watching . It is not quite accurate , but the overall effect and story is well done . I highly recommend this movie for any war buff .
 Best movie I 've seen in a long time . Great soundtrack . Acting of some of the supporting actors is over-the-top , but the principals more than make up for it . Good show .
 This is an excellent Australian war movie , based on the real events , about the tunnelers - soldiers who waged a little known but extremely dangerous and deadly war under the trench lines during World War I.This film tells mainly the story of one Australian tunneler unit , composed mostly of coal and copper miners , during their succesive missions on Western Front in 1916 and 1917 , with the dramatic battle of Messines -LRB- 7-14 June 1917 -RRB- being the final fight . The main character is Lieutenant -LRB- later Captain -RRB- Oliver Woodward -LRB- Brendan Cowell -RRB- , who actually really existed - this film is based on the written accounts of his actions which were conserved by his family.The scenario is very strong and very dramatic . Fighting scenes are excellent . The conditions of life in the trenches during World War I are very skillfully recreated . Details of weapons and uniforms were very well respected . All actors performed very well and dialogs are good.But the real strength of this film is the perfect control of the film by the director , who chose to show the `` War to end all wars '' by sticking to the facts and events and keeping drama and emotions at a reasonable level , and I believe this was a winning move . People certainly do not hide their feelings in this film and there is one scene with a shell shocked young soldier which is pretty intense , but the thing in never overdone . The language is occasionally very strong but here also director avoided the excess - as it is true that unlike Hollywood would like us to believe most people do NOT use the F-bomb in every sentence , even under stress ... And I found that the tired and occasionally cynical stoicism of the `` diggers '' and `` tommies '' showed more about the horror of trenches in World War I than most of extraverted gesticulations and yellings.A good idea was to alternate war scenes with occasional back flashes of Woodward 's life in Australia before he joined in 1916 and especially his memories of the love of his life , Marjorie , who at 16 was still too young to be married when he went to war ... Those memories of another life and their contrast with war in trenches are a very succesful thing.I will not say much about the undergroudn war and savage fights in the tunnels shown in this film to avoid spoilers , but this is a unique thing . I never saw before a war film dealing with this particular kind of warfare and this one immediately set the standard to which any possible successors will be measured.Another strong point is that even if one high ranking officer is shown as an arrogant and mostly incompetent jerk , as a whole this film does not criticize the army . Some characters which seem as snotty and unsufferable appear in a completely different light once shots are fired in anger and if generals and officers are ruthless , this is because they have no choice ... The film shows that if war is mostly evil , it is not necessarily the case of people who wage it ... And such a reasonable approach is a very rare and precious thing in modern cinema.Bottom line , this is one of the best war films I ever saw and definitely the BEST war film I saw recently . Enjoy !
 Who knew there were listening posts beneath the hills of the battlefield ?? Great acting , an interesting story . Not your run-of-the-mill war story.I received this DVD first out of my order for others as well as a few gift items . I would use this vendor again !
 Most wars run on a long time and contain many chapters . The chapter depicted in this movie was news to me . I know this same stunt was executed by the North during the American Civil War but I thought that was a one off . Evidently it was n't . Here 's the scoop . The war fronts in France , and later in Belgium , are at a stalemate . To break said stalemate the army has recruited mining engineers to tunnel under the German lines to set off charges . Oliver Woodward is the guy they use to take down Hill 60 in Belgium . The Germans also have tunnels though it does n't show them doing anything with theirs other than listening for the Allies . Will the plan work?This is a nifty flick . It deals with the Australian troops in Europe which is something I never really thought much about . Digging tunnels under enemy positions is also a new wrinkle so there was a lot to see and learn here . The hero , Oliver Woodward , is an interesting guy . They show him at home down under as he begins a romance with a friend 's daughter and juxtaposes these scenes with the ones in Europe . This is n't a new technique but it works well . The depiction of the war is good . The near constant rain and ubiquitous mud , lice and death really create a mood . There are some `` hi-lite '' scenes that are good and take you off track from the main story . They help break things up a bit . My only complaint is the outline . When Woodward enters the war he 's in France . They 're doing the tunnel thing for quite a stretch of time but nothing comes of it . Then he 's sent to Belgium where they go for Hill 60 . So the first near half of the movie seems to serve little more purpose than to introduce the viewer to the players . That being said , this is still a good watch . You learn a lot about tunneling and explosives and some things blow up real good . The acting and all the production values are top shelf.If you 're into war flicks this is one of the better ones .
 A great World War I movie that puts you in the trenches and shows the horror from the Soldier 's perspective . Highly recommend this movie as it really takes you there . It shows the bonds between Soldiers and how Soldiers are able to keep going through all the hardships , danger and gore that they experience . Greatly admire the way the British present the realties of war and the human side of combat . No hollywood war movie , that is for sure .
 This film covers an interesting action by Australian miners to blow up a crucial section of German trench during WW I . The daunting problems of drainage , counter-mining by the Germans , and the ever-present difficult commanders are met with resilience and pluck by the resouceful Aussies . `` Beneath Hill 60 '' should be considered one of the more realistic depictions of WW I.
 Really enjoyed this bit of history from WWI . I had never heard of this until I saw it advertised on Amazon . If you are a history buff this is a must . Well worth purchasing ; no matter the price .
 This is a very good movie about soldiers doing some very hard work to stop the enemy . I have added it to my collection war movies .
 Excellent portrayal of an extraordinary event during World War I. Based on a true story , the film depicts the horrendous conditions under which soldiers in the trenches lived and the difficult decision one must make for the greater good of all .
 I really like war movies , especially WWII . This movie takes place in WWI , and is about Australian coal miners helping out on the front lines by digging deep to penetrate German defenses . But , more than that there are several interesting character stories -LRB- including a love story between the main character and a girl back home -RRB- that had me riveted throughout the entire movie . I did have some difficulty understanding the accents in just a few parts , but mostly no problem -LRB- heavy Australian accents -RRB- . For me , this movie was a lot like Saving Private Ryan in that it is n't just about fighting , but also about the human side of war and the heartbreak that comes with it .
 Based on a true story , which is about the engineering and digging of blast tunnels under the German lines by Austrailian miners , is a good watch . The lead actor , himself an aussie , betrays the lead character with conviction .
 These are fantastic videos . And you can watch it over and over until you get the song right . Nice !
 As a long time fan of Grace Kelly I really enjoyed the rare clips and photos of her in Hollywood as well as when she became Princess of Monaco . I highly recommend this DVD to anyone interested in Grace Kelly 's life and amazing career !
 I first saw Grace Kelley in Hitchcock 's Rear Window and fell in love with her forever . I could not believe how absolutely beautiful she was , and what type of a screen presence she had . This film showed me how she grew up , her family and their ethics , and how she developed into a great actress . It also shed light on her decision to marry into royalty , as she , herself , came from a family that was very regal in it 's own way . She always took the high road and people fell in love with her very easily . Many actors and celebrities , but she chose a prince in the end and became a legend . I was glued to the story because it had so many ups and downs , but mostly because I could n't take my eyes off of her ! What a charming presence . And she was hard on herself , always trying to do better , till she finally got some recognition as an actress . Everyone knows how destiny would make it 's mark with Princess Grace , but I really neve knew her till I saw this , and I 'm so glad I did . I 've already bought a few of the DVDs as presents for my close friends and family ! It was an inspiring story about a simple girl who became a legend through her beauty and her hard work . Totally recommend it !
 Despite being a long time admirer of Grace Kelly I did n't realize how much I did n't know prior to watching this DVD . Some great clips of her from both her movies and from her private life . She was just an incomparable class act and a stunner by any measure -- a combination that 's rarely replicated in today 's Hollywood . Do yourself a favor and buy this thoroughly enjoyable way to pass 45 minutes !
 This was a wonderfully done Bio on the life of Grace Kelly ! Very inclusive ... I 'd highly recommend it to anyone ! Excellent !
 This one of the few films this year that really delivered the goods . A film that redefines the modern crime drama , and gives it a sense of intelligence , wit and heart . William H Macy is just astounding as the man who has to come to grip with his past , and Neve Campbell proves with out a doubt that she is one the best actors of her generation as a woman who has to help Macy 's character find his way . Gripping , haunting , and disturbing , Panic is truly one of the best films to come out in years .
 William H Macy stars as a hitman that wants to leave the business that his father built . He 's not a very happy man despite a loving wife and a young child , and seeks the attention of a young woman whom he met a as a fellow patient at the therapist office ... Things get heated when he finds out his next job is to kill the therapist or his father will expose his secret life and destroy his marriage.This is a very good film . Not such much action , but a good script that stays away from cliches and cheesy lines . The acting is top notch other than Neve Campbell who never really makes her presence felt . In fact , I 'd say her acting was alot worse than it was in her first gig Scream years back.Macy himself does the sad and lonely character really well . I 'm not sure he has alot of depth ... But he 's obviousally found his niche in the acting world . He sort of like Samuel L Jackson in the since that he does n't have alot of depth , but he 's really good at what he does do well.So why does this movie not get a higher grade?Well , for one ... William is n't really convincing that he 's a hitman . Also , the poor job of Neve brings it down alittle ... The movie also slightly drags because no action really happens . These things obviousally do n't ruin the movie , but they keep it from being as good as it could have been .
 A weak man ; a strong character , compulsive and dominant father ; where the ethic imposition works out much more as a power delirium that a simple duty supports this interesting script . The story suggests throughout the therapist guide , the troubled mind of this simple man molded and castrated from his early childhood -LRB- Remember Peeping Tom ? -RRB- adopting serous twisted behavior patterns divorced from the conventional social norms.Well built Noir film with the wonderful performances of William Macy and Donald Shuterland : A must for you to see it . !
 What a find this movie was . Subtle , tense , occasionally laugh-out-loud funny and ultimately satisfying.A hit-man wants out of the family business , and in to the pants of Neve Campbell . Which , I suppose , makes him a murderer and a philanderer . Not that you 'll feel anything but empathy and compassion for William H. Macy 's character
 This film is really great . The acting is beyond fabulous , and the story is a powerhouse of emotion . William H Macy has always been one of the best actors around , and here he proves it once again with a performance that is haunting and uplifting all at once . Neve Campbell once again proves that she is a force of dramatic nature . She gives this movie its heart and soul with a performance that is heartbreaking.If you have not seen this film , see it . It 's one of the best films to come out in years .
 i just saw this film , and i was blown away ! the acting is great all around , and the music is perfect ! william h. macy plays a contract-killer who was trained by his father , and is now facing personal problems and is basically having a `` mid-life crisis '' . i must admit that this is a pretty depressing movie , but it does make you think ... about the choices you make , and what makes us happy in life . this movie will probably be compared to american beauty , because william h. macy 's character , alex , does chase after a younger girl , but i do n't think it is all that much similar . i mean panic was way better!in my opinion this is macy 's best film since fargo . he really makes me believe his character ! i really feel sorry for this guy and his life , etc. he gives a really powerful performance , as do donald sutherland and neve campbell.i hope the dvd has some good supplemental stuff like interviews and whatnot . highly recommended !
 This movie stars william h. macy as a hitman and may be his best acting performance ever . This movie is a true classic.Macy has a wife -LRB- tracy ullman -RRB- and a sort of weird kid -LRB- kid from many scary movies , just ca n't remember -RRB- . The kid may be my favorite character.Macy 's dad -LRB- donald sutherland -RRB- is a hitman also and got his son into the biz . His son does n't want to be a hitman anymore and starts talking to a psychiatrist -LRB- john ritter -RRB- . Now I know that you are saying , this looks weird , it has TRACY ULLMAN as macy 's wife , but it works , I never knew how great of an actress she was . She 's better than when I was left speechless by marlon wayan 's performance as a serious actor in requiem for a dream . Donald sutherland is great , and just like ullman and macy , I think that this is John Ritter 's best ever performace . I 'm being serious.Whoever made this movie is EXTREMELY creative by using all of these actors to play roles they have never doen before , brilliant but who else would have thought of it . With the way they cast the characters , you think it starts out as a joke but gets real serious real fast and this movie will not let go of you until the end.So add another favorite performance from me played by actress neve campbell , and you have one hell of a movie . She is someone who is hard to figure out in this and a very interesting part of the story.Cetainly not the best movie ever , but is not looking to far up from movies like requiem for a dream status .
 This movie has two absolute highlights : First one is William H. Macy as Alex. His feeling of exemption in the end is so obvious and touching.The second highlight is the performance of David Dorfman . Just watch that little kid act.Also wonderful are Donald Sutherland and Barbara Bain playing Macy 's parents . Really scaring.According to the meaning of Neve Campbell 's role to the movie her performance is slightly disappointing . It stays quite colorless ; esp . if one considers that she was meant to bring more contrasts to Alex ' life . Anyway , the film lives from Alex ' relationships towards his son on the one hand and to his father on the other.Filling the plot in a very worth seeing way are Tracy Ullman playing Macy 's wife and John Ritter playing his shrink , as Alex himself calles him.Great cast . Watch it ! You wo n't regret it .
 I first watched PANIC last October when it aired on SHOWTIME . I am a huge Neve Campbell fan and jumped at the chance to see something new from her . I was astonished at how good this movie was . Do n't get me wrong , I love Neve 's other movies , but they appeal to the senses in a much more shallow , and immediate pleasure-type way . This movie seemed extremely deep compared to her role in WILD THINGS and the SCREAM films -LRB- which I still LOVE -RRB- . PANIC is the story of Alex who is tired of his job of killing people so he decides to see a shrink . In the waiting room , he meets a friendly , neurotic young woman , Sarah , played with perfection by Neve Campbell . Alex immediatley takes to Sarah and her antics and begins to slowly get involved with her , easing his way into an affair . The film brilliantly interweaves the story of Alex 's past , his future , his struggles with his family -LRB- his father , who forced him into the `` family business '' of murder-for-hire , his mother who quietly supports her husband 's decisions , his wife , who feels distanced and bitter towards Alex , and most importantly , his son , who is just beginning to understand how the world works -RRB- , his torrid affair with Sarah , and the relashionship -LRB- which quickly becomes deadly -RRB- with his therapist . The movie does not use special effects to dazzle the eye or even complex camera shots . The entire movie gives a sort of tense vibe , which really contributes to all of the story lines . The last ten minutes are honestly the most haunting and compelling I have seen in recent films . Every actor submits themselves to their role and becomes their character and I honestly believe what they say . Sammie , the six year old son of Alex , provides the comic relief -LRB- the scene at the table where he talks about going into the army is hilarious -RRB- but at the same time instills the fear that history will repeat itself , and he too will fall prey to Alex 's father . This is a must see for ANY Neve Campbell fan ... or any fan for that matter .
 I love this movie . I 've seen it at least 3 times over the last few years ; the only reason I have n't watched it more often is because each time is such a rich , rewarding experience that I just want to savor it and look forward to the next viewing.William H. Macy is always great , and I think this is his best role . I ca n't imagine anyone else playing this part . The rest of the cast is also excellent , with Donald Sutherland , Neve Campbell , Tracey Ullman and John Ritter . The soundtrack is hauntingly beautiful , especially the 2 tracks played during the end credits.Don ' t miss this one .
 The boy who plays Sammy , the hit man 's son , is about the cutest thing I 've ever seen ! He 's just darling ! He reminds me of that kind from Jerry McGuire -- `` the human head weighs 8 pounds '' Soooo cute!The rest of the movie was pretty good , but I just loved the little boy 's scenes !
 Remember your early english classes in high school ? When you got to writing one of the first subjects would be conflicts . A finely tuned story is full of conflict , but not so overwhelming that you ca n't catch a breather every so often . But just enough to keep you on the edge of your seat . Man vs Man , Man vs Himself , Man vs Nature . Panic is a perfect example of just the right amount of conflict.William H. Macy 's character is a hitman who was taught by , and now works for , his father -LRB- Sutherland -RRB- . He 's unhappy with his life , he wants to quit . Troubled by this decision he does n't quite have the balls to face his father and say so . He seeks outlets for his frustration , and begins to see a therapist . While waiting for the therapist he runs into Neve Campbell 's character , a beautiful but troubled young lady , and falls in love . He 's married , she 's half his age . Yet there is much much more to the story.Brilliant performances by all in a movie that was unknown to me until I saw it at the video store . The actors all played fit their parts perfectly . I was almost in awe at the end at the way the movie meshed . One of the most enjoyable movies I have watched recently , with believable characters that draw you in . It disappoints me when a movie like Planet of the Apes makes tens of millions while this one just slips through the cracks , unnoticed . Thank you Ebert for reviewing an excellent movie , many of your collegues missed it -LRB- He called it `` Extraordinary ... Two Thumbs Up '' -RRB- .
 The movie was great . The casting was perfect . Donald Southerland and Barbara Bain give absolutely chilling performances , and as always , Macy 's talents shine through . This is n't really a thriller , but the movie is very psychological and at times intense . It ends the only way it possibly could , and it leaves you with an uncomfortable feeling in your gut .
 I was n't totally sure what to expect when I rented this movie . I was browsing the shelves , and this one had caught my eye several times . I always brushed it off , though , expecting some sort of FARGO wannabe . Admittedly , the premise does n't sound all too inspiring . But , you ca n't go wrong with William H. Macy , and Donald Sutherland is always good -LRB- even in bad movies -RRB- . So I rented it . I could not believe how much I enjoyed the movie.The cast was terrific , I 'd even venture to say brilliant . Everyone in this movie is perfect , especially the son . But more on him in a second.The hitman plot is interesting , and fun to watch . The father-son relationship with Macy and Sutherland is all too painful and similar to many , I 'm sure . John Ritter and Tracey Ullman are two of the kindest , most sympathetic characters ever . But the son ... the actor who played Macy and Ullman 's son was the best part of the movie . Blowing on his harmonica at the breakfast table , his mother frantically trying to get him ready for school , he finally stops and looks up at her
 William Macy , Donald Sutherland , Barbara Bain , Neve Campbell , John Ritter , and the rest the great cast make the movie . The story is decent , but it is the acting that makes it worthwhile . Macy plays a complicated man that not only runs an online business , but is a hitman for his father , played by Sutherland , as well . His psychologist , played by Ritter , is understandably upset when Macy first tells him his professions . This is n't Macy 's only problems . He seems disturbed over his life and looks for a new relationship with a young lady , played by Campbell . The movie centers on Macy with flashbacks of his youth , and what currently is happening in his life . It comes to a crashing climax when his father tries to bring his son into the business . Well worth a rental which I suggest unless you are already a fan of this cast or this type movie . I went ahead and ordered it since the cast was so good . I do n't regret it . The DVD is good quality and it has decent replayability , but no extras on the DVD . - C. Luster
 William H. Macy nails it again . Another vehicle for his quietly desparate middle-aged man character . This time he is the junior partner in a father/son murder-for hire business -LRB- father is done well by the remotely creepy Donald Sutherland -RRB- . At mid-life , Macy 's character decides he does n't want to do it anymore , and seeks professional counseling . The psychologist turns out to be played by John Ritter , who turns in a fine performance . He is very likeable , and I really enjoyed seeing him in what must have been one of his last roles.Along the way , Macy becomes romantically involves with another psych patient 1/2 his age - the superbly lovely Neve Campbell . The plot thickens further when grandpa Sutherland starts grooming Macy 's little boy for the family business . And Macy gets a very difficult hit assignment.The scriptwriting could have been a bit better . The time jumps confused me now and then -LRB- and you ca n't make Sutherland , or Macy , look 28 anymore -RRB- . The cast is top shelf . Nice SoCal backgrounds w / nice camera work all around . Suspenseful . Some smart humor . Maybe a bit predictable.I enjoyed it ... call it four and a half stars .
 All fans of masterful acting should take a gander at `` Panic '' . A little-seen gem that initially seems to be a part of the ever-expanding `` criminal and his psychiatrist '' mini-genre , but separates itself from ` The Sopranos '' and `` Analyze This/That/The Other '' by it 's detail and sobriety.No big laughs , no big explosions , not a lot of yelling and screaming ... but gut-wrenching nonetheless . Macy 's depiction of his ever-growing but completely internal `` panic '' sets this apart . This is really ` Best Actor '' type stuff here .
 Filled with muted drama , I believe this is one of the better films I have seen this year . William H Macy proves to be a rare breed of actor . I am not a fan of Neve Campbell , however , I was surpised by the genuine chemistry between her and Macy . I can only attribute this to the talents of Mr. Macy . Also , the relationship between Macy and his child is one that is so quietly touching , you really must see it to understand . If you are looking for a break from the typical drama/action movie , then this would be a good choice .
 I discovered this film in my public library . I 've been impressed by William H. Macy 's acting in other films so decided to give it a shot . I 'm glad I did because this is a hidden gem of a film that deserves a much wider audience that it 's received to date . At first this seems similar to the hit tv show `` The Sopranos '' in its concept and idea with having hitman Macy see a psychiatrist , ably played by John Ritter . However , Tony Soprano fits into his mobster family 's world a lot better than Macy 's character Alex does . Alex exhibits all the classic signs of someone who has been steamrollered into the family business , really does n't belong there and wants out of it . His conflict is with his father -LRB- Donald Sutherland -RRB- , mother -LRB- Barbara Bain -RRB- and himself . No other mobsters are even used in the film . Sutherland and Bain are superb as the facade smooth parents who expect and get total devotion to their aims from their son and expect the same generation after generation . The other main characters , Alex 's wife , his girlfriend and his son , serve as contrast to the tension created by this deadly trio . Alex grabs hold of the three of them , who have no idea of the nature of his `` work , '' as if they can keep the demons of his parents at bay . Macy gives a very subtly layered and nuanced performance that delivers a very profound look at the dark side of a middle aged man caught between his parents and his own desires . I have n't seen Neve Campbell in many roles but she shows lots of promise for the future . Traci Ullman as the wife does not give us her usual comic turn , turning in a solid dramatic performance as the wife instead . Give this film a chance .
 This was a really great film . William H. Macy is FANTASTIC as the hitman facing a personal midlife dilemma . His performance should have giving him an Oscar . Neve Campbell is AMAZING as the woman who comes into Macy 's life and sirs things up for him . Her Performance proves once again that she is one of the best actresses we have around . Donald Sutherland is just plain SCARY as Macy 's father , A man who is not beyond anything.This is a film worth watching over and over again .
 Anyone who likes character-driven movies should take a chance with this fine film!A professional killer -LRB- played brilliantly by Bill Macy -RRB- is at a crossroads in his life as his own young son has reached the age when he himself was indoctrinated by his father to bottle his emotions and start shooting at squirrels , an activity that ended in him adopting the family business of paid assassinations.That predicament is intriguing in itself , but handled as professionally as the film does , it is absolutely riveting . The dialogue is sharp and smart , and this relatively short film nevertheless has the power to elicit a full range of emotions from the viewer . There are places to laugh , to be shocked , horrified , saddened , aroused , angry , and to love . A wholesome treat.It is an actor 's movie , and the ensemble of terrific artists -- Macy , Neve Campbell , Ullman , and Ritter -- play off each other like members of a top-notch theatrical troupe , who realize that a quality product requires each actor to support the others unselfishly . Barbara Bain and Donald Sutherland -- who play father and mother -- are positive chilling , discussing the `` family business '' as if it were a grocery store or a dry cleaners . And remarkably , there 's Sammy -LRB- David Dorfman -RRB- , the young boy , who turns in an absolutely stunning performance , not to mention his uncanny resemblance to Ullman , whose son he plays ! Great cast selection.Watch this masterpiece if you get a chance ! This is stuff you 'd even want to own .
 If you 're a fan of William Macy , this is a must-see film . I think it is one of his finest roles , showcasing his ability to convey emotional complexity without being overly dramatic or over the top . In this film , he plays a hitman who is becoming increasingly tormented by being part of the family business , a business which just happens to be murder for hire , disposing of unwanted people for a hefty fee . The business is headed by Alex 's father , played to psychotic perfection by Donald Sutherland , a man who is relentless in his determination to make Alex do his will . Tormented by the idea that his young son might follow his own path , Alex decides to see a psychiatrist -LRB- John Ritter -RRB- . Neve Campbell , cast against type -LRB- for those of us who remember her in Scream -RRB- does a superb job playing a troubled young woman who encounters Alex in the psychiatrist 's waiting room , eventually entering into an affair with him . I wo n't say more about the major events in this film but hope this brief intro intrigues you enough to want to see it . Although I plan to watch this one again and again , I do have to say this might not be for you if you want a movie full of non-stop action , suspense and violence . The drama here is mostly psychological , intense enough in its own way , but far different from that of an action film .
 Alex -LRB- William Macy -RRB- needs to see a therapist . He is a hit man and wants to give up his job . The problem is this is a family business , although we are never told if this is part of the Mafia or a private business - the latter , I think . Anyway , in the waiting room , Alex runs into this beautiful young thing played by Never Campbell , and they start talking . What is Alex to do ? His wife thinks he runs a mail order business and what he really does is kill people . Neve Campbell 's character is someone who knows nothing , an innocent young thing , just what he needs.Alex tells the therapist about his job and his therapist -LRB- John Ritter -RRB- is upfront . If Alex tells him about a forthcoming job he will have to report it , otherwise he is protected by doctor/patient confidentiality . Alex 's father is played by Donald Sutherland , and a more cold blooded man would be hard to find . We see in flashbacks how Alex was trained by his old man and his first job as that of a killer . `` Panic '' is one of those movies that grab you . It is well written , the actors are marvelous and just right for their parts . I had never heard of it . It is a quiet movie that seems to have come and gone . Daniel Dorfman is Alex 's son , Sammy . What a fabulous young actor he is . We realize that Alex needs to save his son , so that the next generation , Sammy , that is , will not have to become a killer . A scene that is so telling is one of Gram and Grampa browbeating Sammy . We understand how Alex became the hit man , the murderer , the killer , the confused , mixed up man he is.Alex makes a decision to quit this job . He will confront his father and put a stop to this horrible business . And why does Alex have to support his mother and father through this killing business ? It is lucrative enough , so that dad tells Alex he will buy his wife a new Lexus and a vacation after the job is done . Just what kind of family is this ? How did Alex such a wonderful man with a conscience , it seems , come to this family ? What genetic characteristic is going to help him be finished , kaput , done , fini with the killing job ? A great , great movie with a message and with a fabulous cast . Highly recommended - go find it now and rent it and watch it immediately ! prisrob
 The effects of job related stress and the pressures born of a moral dilemma that pits conscience against the obligations of a family business -LRB- albeit a unique one -RRB- all brought to a head by -- or perhaps the catalyst of -- a midlife crisis , are examined in the dark and absorbing drama , `` Panic , '' written and directed by Henry Bromell , and starring William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland . It 's a telling look at how indecision and denial can bring about the internal strife and misery that ultimately leads to apathy and that moment of truth when the conflict must , of necessity , at last be resolved.Alex -LRB- Macy -RRB- is tired ; he has a loving wife , Martha -LRB- Tracey Ullman -RRB- , a precocious six-year-old son , Sammy -LRB- David Dorfman -RRB- , a mail order business he runs out of the house , as well as his main source of income , the `` family '' business he shares with his father , Michael -LRB- Sutherland -RRB- , and his mother , Deidre -LRB- Barbara Bain -RRB- . But he 's empty ; years of plying this particular trade have left him numb and detached , putting him in a mental state that has driven him to see a psychologist , Dr. Josh Parks -LRB- John Ritter -RRB- . And to make matters worse -LRB- or maybe better , depending upon perspective -RRB- , in Dr. Parks ' waiting room he meets a young woman , Sarah Cassidy -LRB- Neve Campbell -RRB- , whose presence alone makes him feel alive for the first time since he can remember . She quickly becomes another brick in the wall of the moral conflict his job has visited upon him , as in the days after their meeting he simply can not stop thinking about her . His whole life , it seems , has become a `` situation '' -- one from which he is seemingly unable to successfully extirpate himself without hurting the ones he loves . He can deny his age and the fact that he has , indeed , slipped into a genuine midlife crisis , but he is about to discover that the problems he is facing are simply not going to go away on their own . He 's at a crossroads , and he 's going to have to decide which way to go . And he 's going to have to do it very soon.From a concept that is intrinsically interesting , Bromell has fashioned an engrossing character study that is insightful and incisive , and he presents it is a way that allows for moments of reflection that enable the audience to empathize and understand what Alex is going through . He makes it very clear that there are no simple answers , that in real life there is no easy way out . His characters are well defined and very real people who represent the diversity found in life and , moreover , within any given family unit . The film resoundingly implies that the sins of the father are irrefutably passed on to the progeny , with irrevocable consequences and effects . When you 're growing up , you accept your personal environment as being that of the world at large ; and often it is years into adulthood that one may begin to realize and understand that there are actually moral parameters established by every individual who walks upon the planet , and that the ones set by the father may not be conducive to the tenets of the son . And it is at that point that Alex finds himself as the story unfolds ; ergo , the midlife crisis , or more specifically , the crisis of conscience from which he can not escape . It 's a powerful message , succinctly and subtly conveyed by Bromell , with the help of some outstanding performances from his actors.For some time , William H. Macy has been one of the premiere character actors in the business , creating such diverse characters as Quiz Kid Donnie Smith in `` Magnolia , '' The Shoveler in `` Mystery Men '' and Jerry Lundegaard in `` Fargo . '' And that 's just a sampling of his many achievements . At one point in this film , Sarah mentions Alex 's `` sad eyes , '' and it 's a very telling comment , as therein lies the strength of Macy 's performance here , his ability to convey very real emotion in an understated , believable way that expresses all of the inner turmoil he is experiencing . Consider the scene in which he is lying awake in bed , staring off into the darkness ; in that one restless moment it is clear that he is grappling , not only with his immediate situation , but with everything in his life that has brought him , finally , to this point . In that scene you find the sum total of a life of guilt , confusion and uncertainty , all of which have been successfully suppressed until now ; all the things that have always been at the core of Alex 's life , only now gradually breaking through his defense mechanisms and finally surfacing , demanding confrontation and resolution . It 's a complex character created and delivered by Macy with an absolute precision that makes Alex truly memorable . It 's a character to whom anyone who has ever faced a situation of seemingly insurmountable odds will be able to relate . It 's a terrific piece of work by one of the finest actors around.Sutherland is extremely effective , as well ; his Michael is despicably sinister in a way that is so real it 's chilling . It 's frightening , in fact , to consider that there are such people actually walking the earth . This is not some pulp fiction or James Bond type villain , but a true personification of evil , hiding behind an outward appearance that is so normal he could be the guy next door , which is what makes it all the more disconcerting . And Sutherland brings it all to life brilliantly , with a great performance.Neve Campbell looks the part of Sarah , but her performance -LRB- as is the usual case with her -RRB- seems somewhat pretentious , although her affected demeanor here just happens to fit the character and is actually a positive aspect of the film . If only she would occasionally turn her energies inward , it would make a tremendous difference in the way she presents her characters . `` Panic , '' however , is one of her best efforts ; a powerful film that , in the end , is a journey well worth taking .
 PANIC is another in a string of fine performances that have shown William H. Macy to be ` quietly ' establishing himself as one of the best actors working today . He delivers the line quoted above just moments after being confronted by his wife , Martha -LRB- Tracy Ullman -RRB- , about possibly being involved in an affair . It 's a very telling line -- Macy gives it such an air of detached resignation -- it exemplifies the pivotal , life-changing crossroads at which Alex , his character , finds himself . It 's a decision that he has to make -- there is no way to avoid it -- but one that he dreads . He is a man in a corner with no easy way out.A first directing and writing effort for Henry Bromell , PANIC is a well-composed and intelligent film . The casting , acting , cinematography and music all combine to create a seeming oxymoron , a sort of ` relaxed tension ' that builds as the story progresses.Alex is having a bit of a mid-life crisis -- he 's a son dominated by a cold , controlling father -LRB- Donald Sutherland -RRB- , dragged at an early age into following the old man 's footsteps into the ` family business ' , which just happens to be murder-for-hire . The only other person who knows what the business really involves is his mother -LRB- Barbara Bain -RRB- -- until the stress and unhappiness of his life bring him into the office of a psycholigist -LRB- John Ritter -RRB- . In the waiting room he meets fellow patient Sarah -LRB- Neve Campbell -RRB- , a beautiful , troubled 23 year-old woman with issues of her own , to whom he becomes uncontrollably attracted.It is at this point that the viewer begins to realize that this film does n't take the easy road . In the hands of another writer or director , everything might become nauseatingly predictable -- but it the case of PANIC , the audience is treated to a more realistic , ` inside ' look at a hit man , indeed , a hit man with a conscience.The DVD edition includes a few deleted scenes -- interesting , but just as well left out . I would go so far as to say that any one of them being included in the finished product might have actually detracted from the overall effect of the film . Clocking in at only 88 minutes , the film is leaner than many -- but that allows it to move along nicely , to the point , with the fat trimmed away.This film did well at festivals , but did n't fare as well with most critics -LRB- Roger Ebert raved about it , however -RRB- or in theatres . Available now on DVD , it 's one that viewers should take the opportunity to explore .
 Making a movie is a very risky business . Of the several hundred films that get a theatrical release every year , perhaps just one in three makes a profit . Many hundreds more do n't get released at all , although some of these are lucky enough to go direct to video . I love to alert people to great but overlooked movies , and Panic is one of them.Alex -LSB- William H. Macy -RSB- is having a mid-life crisis . Without telling his friends or family , he goes to a psychologist for help . When the doctor asks him what he does for a living , Alex replies that he has two jobs . He has a mail order business , and he works for his father . When the shrink asks what he does for Dad , he says that he kills people . Yes , dear old Dad runs a hit man service . And Alex wonders why he feels empty inside ! Meanwhile , in the doctor 's waiting room , he meets Sarah -LSB- Neve Campbell -RSB- , a strange , desolate and beautiful girl who makes Alex feel alive for the first time in a months . How will Alex solve his crisis ? What role will the girl play ? Will his wife find out his true profession ? Can his twisted father persuade him to go through with the next hit?What a dumb plot , some of you are thinking , and in lesser hands , it would be . Director and writer Henry Bromell cleverly gives the tale richness and depth . There are several layers to it . Alex may be a bad man in many ways , but loves his wife and his relationship with his young son , played by the extraordinary David Dorfman , is caring and genuine . Their scenes together are poignant and memorable . I suspect that the story is meant to be allegorical . The hit man theme is there to show the extraordinary lengths a sons can go to please his father , no matter how cruel and ruthless that father might be . Even the most dysfunctional family can have unbreakable bonds and twisted loyalties.Panic is greatly helped by its fine cast . I doubt William H. Macy is capable of a bad performance . The often underrated Neve Campbell gives substance to a character who would be a joke in the hands of a lesser actress . Donald Sutherland is one of my favorites and is perfect here . No one can make a smile look as menacing as he can . Tracy Ullman is believable as Alex 's ernest but insecure wife.Panic was well received by critics and audiences at the 2000 Sundance Film Festival . Later , at a test screening , the audience did not like the ending , so the distributor got cold feet and shelved it . Such is the logic of Hollywood .
 This film needs your support ! It was apparently completely disregarded by critics when it played theatrically ... Written and directed by Henry Bromell , writer-producer of the Baltimore-lensed HOMOCIDE TV series , PANIC is a tight little masterpiece -LRB- clocking at less than 1 hour and 25 minutes -RRB- of ensemble acting and superior screenwriting . All principal actors hit just right notes in their roles , from William H. Macy -LRB- one of the best actors currently working in the US , who single-handedly made my experience of watching ultra-sophomoric FARGO durable -RRB- , Donald Sutherland , John Ritter , Barbara Bain -LRB- Remember MISSION IMPOSSIBLE ? -RRB- , Tracy Ullman -LRB- TRACY ULLMAN ?! -RRB- and , oh , Neve Campbell . The characters are so well-written and so devoid of historionics that some viewers may actually suffer from disorientation , adjusting their brains from the state of overexposure to usual mind-numbing stereotypes in Hollywood movies . Ritter 's psychiarist , for example , is one of the two or three among hundreds of psychiarists I have seen in Hollywood movies who actually behaves like a NORMAL PSYCHIARIST and acts SENSIBLY . -LRB- MUCH superior to Lorraine Bracco 's shrink in THE SOPRANOS -RRB- David Dorffmann plays Macey 's son , and even though he is supposed to be a super-smart kid , he is NEVER annoying . The scenes are all underplayed with minimum of melodramatics , but they nonetheless pack emotional wallop . The quiet , beautifully lit sequence in which Donald Sutherland introduces the child version of the Macey character to `` family business '' is not only absolutely chilling , but also immesaruably sad . PANIC reminded me of Paul Schrader 's AFFLICTION and Claude Chabrols ' morally complex thrillers , such as THIS MAN MUST DIE . It is also like a particularly well-made 1950s film noir suffused with psychological insight ordinarily missing from them.The DVD version includes a generally informative if a little reticent commentary by Director Bromell , and six deleted scenes . The deleted scenes provide additional background information for characters and deepen our understanding of them , but they also include some stilted and overblown dialogue completely absent in the actual film , the reason I suspect they were in the end dropped from the final product . I am a little disappointed that the audio commentary does not come with Macey , Sutherland and others discussing their acting strategies , given the fact that this film 's success depends so much on their contributions , but this is nit-picking . I definitely recommend this movie for anyone who is a fan of Macey , Sutherland , Campbell and those who appreciate morally complex human dramas and/or thrillers . NOT RECOMMENDED , however , to those who want an action film like AIR FORCE ONE or a `` quirky '' movie like FARGO .
 The `` banality of evil '' has long been a source of fascination for those artists exploring the dark side of human nature . Gloomy houses filled with vengeful spirits or twitching psychos hold less fear for the common man than the sudden discovery that the `` people next door , '' the PTA member down the street , or the social director for the local church youth group are the true villains who surround us unnoticed , people whose very `` normalcy '' serves to mask the evil within . For only when the mask is finally ripped off and we at last get to see what we have been living next to all along do we come to realize how very tenuous is our security and safety in this world . What could be scarier than that?In this category of works , `` Panic '' emerges as a genuinely chilling , emotionally unsettling psychological thriller , short on gratuitous violence and long on characterization and mood . Writer/director Henry Bromell has fashioned a dark , disturbing tale of a man named Alex -LRB- William H. Macy -RRB- who seeks the professional help of a therapist played by John Ritter . Alex 's problem is a decidedly unique one
 It 's amazing to me that this film was n't released as widely as , say , Memento or even Sexy Beast . It is an absolutely superb film featuring William H. Macy -LRB- Fargo -RRB- in his finest performance to date as Alex , a second-generation hitman railroaded into the business by his controlling monster of a father , played by Donald Sutherland -LRB- JFK -RRB- . The first thing that should strike any viewer about this movie is its cast . There is n't really a weak link in this movie , even though it does feature Neve Campbell . Campbell 's performance , incidentally , really says something for Henry Bromell 's direction
 This is actually a fine film ; far from first-rate , but a solid 3 on a scale of one to four . The acting is excellent ; Macy can do no wrong . But there are shortcomings in the writing . There is gratuitous sex throughout , for example , and the ending is contrived and predictable . Yes , it 's film noir . And not at all the `` black comedy '' Maltin describes . In short , this is worth your time , unless you 'd rather watch something truly serious or funny .
 The only time I could catch this movie was about 2 AM on Cinemax -LRB- Cinemax was n't showing it again except for this one time -RRB- . I 'll tell you this -- it grows on you . It surely does . It got very little recognition , but this goes back to the fact that Artisan did n't release it in the theaters the way they should have ... This is a very great film indeed , with surprising moments of truth and startling seriousness . I can not praise William H. Macy enough for his amazing potrayal of a hit man under stress . I can not praise him enough for everything he 's absolutely done in the entertainment industry . He 's one of the great modern actors.Thank goodness it 's on DVD . It 's so worthy to be known more though , and the fact that it is n't known as much as it should be is sad enough .
 While it is possible there are some shadowy family businesses our there dominated by a `` Godfather '' Mafioso who commands with the member of the family to do his beating . I think the movie message can be extended to many legitimate professions.For example the future successor of a family tobacco company can someday feel as indirect serial killer when his products kill millions . He might not know why he feels that way but he knows that he is not happy . He might justify that if he is not in the tobacco business , someone else would be . But is this justification better than the one that if one quits `` hit man '' profession someone else will take his place?Even a better parallel would be the situation of a career officer who is fighting in Iraq and is struggling to understand why he is not happy bombing and killing civilians . That officer 's father might also be an officer who fought in Vietnam and killed civilians . He might not have enough courage quitting the army and deeply upset his father . He might resent the fact that his father trains his grandson to become a soldier-mercenary to fight in the future senseless wars.Even if most killed during the Iraq war are `` evil '' enemy combatants whose death contributes to lesser crimes , so can we say that most people killed by hit men are `` evil '' criminals whose elimination contributes to lesser crimes -LRB- since like in the gang wars , `` bad '' guys usually assassinate other `` bad '' guys -RRB- . But do these pseudo-utilitarian arguments justify either profession ?
 Ok , it stars out kind of slow for about the first 15 minutes . After that you get this highly intriguing story about a seemingly normal guy -LRB- William H. Macy -RRB- who is considering an affair with a younger beautiful woman -LRB- Neve Cambell -RRB- . Oh yeah , did I mention that Macy is a second generation hitman , and Cambell is a lesbian ??? Excellent performance by Tracy Ulman as Macy 's wife also . Well worth the watch .
 This is a film in the spirt of American Beauty , in that they are both films about a mans mid-life crisis . This film takes a look at the life of a reluctant hit man who is dominated by his father , and is looking to have an affiar not for love or lust , just for the simple fact that it makes him feel something.The streagth of this film is in its strong characters , great acting and interesting relationships . William H. Macy gives a great performance in the lead character , convicingly protraying the kind of quiet desperation that he is so well noted for . But what makes this film rise above the average is the array of supporting characters that are shockingly well written and well acted . Nev Campell gives a strog performance as the younger better looking half of the affair and manages to create a solid character that has more motivation that the standard sex pot mistress . Donald Sutherland manages to create a truly distubing charcter as a father who will go the extra mile to keep his family business alive.These characters make the basis for a very solid movie . My only problem was the fact that this movie never quite got all the through to me . Somehow the payoff for this movie did n't satisfy me totally , but it was still easily worth the time .
 After reading a review of this movie in the Boston Herald , I quickly logged on to Amazon.com and ordered this movie . I was not disappointed . Panic is about a hitman -LRB- a family business run by his father -RRB- played by the great William H Macy who 's going through a midlife crisis and wants to quit his job as well . While trying to deal with both of the above issues , Macy 's character falls for a young hairdresser played by Neve Cambell . If you like quirky , offbeat movies , pick up Panic today .
 I was completely surprised by this very underrated movie . How is it possible that absolute trash like Tomb Raider can attract wide audiences and a gem like this disappears with out appearing on anybody 's radar ? The writing is superb , the acting outstanding -LRB- especially William H Macy is incredible -RRB- and the execution is impeccable . But , having said that , I have to say that I can imagine how this movie confused test audiences -LRB- and apparently some reviewers here -RRB-
 A film for those who love well scripted , well directed , well acted , and well plotted movies with something to say . Although it has funny moments , I do not consider &#34; Panic &#34; a comedy . Fantastic performances , including the actor who plays Macy 's young son . It even has Barbara Bain !! A mature movie with a central character who is desperate to change , but ca n't figure out how to do it . How many of us have been in that situation in real life ?
 Superb performances all around -- Macy 's craft far exceeds his recognition . This film portrays male midlife drama in an agile and quite singular story . The existential child is pure inspiration . Highly recommended .
 This film is most certainly a `` dark comedy '' and is at times depressing . However , it 's a terrific film that has gone mostly under the radar . For similar films , check out `` Wild Target '' and `` You Kill Me '' . Enjoy !
 This movie I thought was very good not like other movies I saw on region 1 DVD . Love to see this kind of movies more often from America . No more stuff like MATRIX was just a kung fu movie with special effects .
 Panic is a story about Alex -LRB- William H. Macy -RRB- who works for his father in the family business . Alex is paid money to go out and kill people . No , in the midst of a Mid-Life Crisis , he wants to quit . He wants to change . But , his father forbids it . If , Alex quits , his father will tell his wife , Martha -LRB- Tracey Ullman -RRB- and his little girl friend/mistress Sarah -LRB- Neve Campbell -RRB- * Alex ca n't have this happen to him , so he sort of pretends that he is still working for him . * Sarah met Alex on the first day of Alex 's visit to the shrink . They had a conversation . Alex kept in touch with Sarah , and they had a little fun if you get my drift . * I wo n't tell you the end , because I know how mad I 'd be if I found out the end on the internet . I recogmend this wonderful Drama .
 The depiction of how a man can go through life completely numb to his own feels , incapable of taking control or acting for himself is outstanding .
 This is a story that if you did n't quite care about the main character it would have fallen apart . A career criminal having a midlife attack of conscience is not a new idea . Fortunately , everybody is squeezing the maximum juice out of this ultimately simple script . The little boy , in particular , has such a natural screen presence that it multiplies the weight of the dilemma .
 A young female artist falls in love with a known homosexual and the two spend their remaining years in each other 's lives . No , this is not a romantic comedy starring Julia Roberts , but `` Carrington '' is an emotional drama that is a triumph for Emma Thompson and Jonathan Pryce , and less than perfect for writer/director Christopher Hampton.The film is good . It takes place in the years 1914-1932 in England . Thompson is Dora Carrington , a troubled artist who falls for homosexual writer Lytton Strachey , played by Pryce . Strachey is a bit of a dramatic , suffering from `` old age '' and other infirmities , although he would be considered a young man . Strachey is first attracted to Carrington , thinking she is a young boy thanks to her pageboy haircut and lack of makeup.The two fall in love the only way they can
 This movie will force you to ask yourself the difficult question , `` Have I ever really known love ? '' , and cause you to long for a friendship that will endure the span of your own lifetime.This movie is a romance , but there are no wooing words of passion between the two main characters . This movie is a bodice ripping hot bed of passion , but the two main characters never have sex with each other.Do we choose the people that we will love , or are they prechosen for us ? Whatever you feel or think about this movie , trust me , it wo n't be a lukewarm opinion . It was well worth the money spent for this DVD.If you liked this one , I would also highly recommend , `` Henry and June '' with Fred Ward & Uma Thurman , `` Delta of Venus '' with Costas Mandylor , `` Red Shoe Diaries - The Movie '' with David Duchovny & Billy Worth and `` Nora '' with Ewan McGregor & Susan Lynch .
 If you care at all about great acting , you must see this film . The story of Lytton Strachey and Dora Carrington , two characters you will never forget , will stand as one of the great love affairs of the last century . That their 's was not a sexual affair , only serves to expand our understanding of what love is and can be . Emma Thompson equals or betters all of her previous film work , while Jonathan Pryce is a revelation as the openly gay Strachey . If you are a fan of Merchant/Ivory , or Terence Davies , or Marleen Gorris , you will love this handsomely crafted film biography .
 It 's an odd thing when a film is perfectly cast , painstakingly researched , extraordinarily well-written , and wonderfully acted , that still it should feel a bit lifeless , stolid and conventional , completely unlike the characters it 's illuminating . Look-alike Jonathan Pryce as the homosexual Lytton Strachey and the always remarkable Emma Thompson as the passionately heterosexual -LRB- Dora -RRB- Carrington act their hearts out , bringing vividly and with complete believability to life one of the oddest couples in recent history , but while Christopher Hampton has made his reputation on excellent writing such as we see here , his direction is leaden , and the film is interesting more for the work of the actors and the real people they play , rather than from any great feat of filmmaking . Sadly , not many people saw the film in the theatres despite the achievements of the cast.Dora Carrington , though a painter of note , was most famous for her life-long , rather self-abasing devotion to Lytton Strachey , the writer of a number of essays and criticisms , who later published a witty expose of four `` Eminent Victorians , '' which was subersive and significant , both literarily and financially . But like many of the Bloomsbury set to which he and Carrington more or less belonged , he was arguably more remarkable for his eccentricity , wit , and whimsical personality than for a rather slender body of brilliant writing . Pryce 's portrayal of him is delightfully unrestrained and flamboyant -- when he and Ottoline dance at a party , they are a pair of absurdist clowns , having a marvelous time with no concern for anyone else ` s opinion . Carrington was his devoted and loving but non-sexual partner -LRB- she once described herself as his pen-wiper , there to serve him , asking nothing in return -RRB- , and between them , at first through her selflessness , then through his own recognition of the rarity of this devotion , there grows a love deeper than most marriages . Sexual passion is something they both choose to deal with independently , and surrounding themselves with lovers who somehow also manage to -LRB- mostly -RRB- rise above sexual jealousy , they live happily together almost from initial meeting to their deaths.Her early life gave no clue that she would become such a committed non-conformist . After her graduation from the Slade School of Fine Art in London and the winning of a number of prizes , she was considered a painter of great promise , and became indeed , a quite prolific and interesting painter , but one who never even sought to show her work , despite much interest . Instead she painted to satisfy herself and others , and filled her homes with countless paintings -LRB- most famously her portrait of Lytton -RRB- , especially portraits of friends and lovers , as well as covering every wall and piece of furniture with glorious scenes , delighting everyone who visited.The two were introduced by Virginia Woolf 's sister , Vanessa Bell -LRB- Janet McTeer -RRB- , while Carrington was visiting her and , dressed in men 's clothing with her hair shorn in a Dutch boy 's bob , she was mistaken by Lytton for a boy -- his dismay at learning that the `` lovely boy '' romping with Nessa 's sons is a young woman is amusing . At first Carrington detested him , but they spent a great deal of time with Lady Ottoline -LRB- so brutally lampooned by D. H. Lawrence in `` Women in Love , '' she is treated here with great affection -RRB- . The up-and-coming painter Mark Gertler -LRB- played by Rufus Sewell with his usual vigor and intensity -RRB- , has enlisted Lytton 's help in his quest to seduce the reluctant virgin he has spent four years pursuing , so the two are much thrown together and soon discover that they are born soul mates , feeling a great ease and openness with one another.Eventually they decided to live together , with Carrington doing all the work to transform their first small house into a magical realm , while Lytton supported them with his earnings from the sudden , unexpected success of `` Eminent Victorians . '' They lived in perfect harmony , despite the fact that her physical passion for this man had to be diverted into relationships with other men . She married a man with whom Lytton was more in love than she , and though Rafe Partridge -LRB- Steven Waddington -RRB- did not requite Lytton 's physical passion , he became a steady third in their lives with all three eventually owning their most famous home , Ham Spray House , together . Eventually a fourth was added to the family , when Rafe fell in love with another woman , Frances -LRB- Alex Kingston -RRB- , who managed to fit herself into the household , too -LRB- after Carrington ` s death , they married -RRB- . Throughout their years together , both Lytton and Carrington had many lovers , most of whom remained constants in their lives . Several were with him when he died of a sudden and fatal illness , which devastated Carrington . Though stories of her un-witnessed end vary , due to the need of others to try to protect her reputation , what we see in the film is accurate in itself -- what happened over the next couple of days is the time about which there are several accounts.Carrington 's generous and loyal nature endeared her to everyone she knew , and she and Lytton were a happy if unusual couple . Thompson plays her with intelligence and a sort of glowing health and energy that seduces us ; she lights up the screen , and despite the boyish dress and early gracelessness , her face is as clear and lovely as the summer sky and she utterly convinces us of Carrington 's irresistible charm -- that many men desired and loved her is hardly surprising . Just as Lytton 's fragile frame and effeminate gestures would , in one less brilliant and magnetic , become difficult to live with , his kindness and humor more than make up for any of the extra work others have to do in order to ensure his comfort and security . Even the extra manly Rafe is tolerant of Lytton 's slightly silly ways . They all work hard -- he is the delicate and difficult center of everyone 's world , at least externally , but as we get deeper into the relationship , we see that without Carrington , he might very well have been lost to ill-health and a tendency to melancholia -- she may appear to be the satellite revolving him , but a greater insight reveals that she is the solid rock upon whose stability he is entirely reliant.The film does capture the feeling of camaraderie that the Bloomsbury artists shared , their refusal to participate in the horrors of World War I , their solidarity despite the constant intrigues and affairs , and gives us some insight into the process of making art , of being artists unafraid to live outside the constraints of society . But most of all , Hampton , Thompson , and Pryce seem to really understand this unique relationship that ran so deep -- the two loved and understood one another to a degree rare in life , and they seemed to be aware of this great gift , treasuring it and keeping it strong . Between them there were no secrets , and while Carrington would have loved Lytton as a woman loves a man , she accepted that this was n't possible , and poured all her passion for him into being his mother , his sister , his dearest friend , his truest companion . Lytton repaid her devotion equally , and allowed her to build around him a real family which supported and loved him , despite his naturally solitary nature.The cast , the delightful d&eacute;cor of the homes Carrington made chiefly for Lytton ` s comfort , the beauty of Carrington 's paintings -LRB- please be sure to sit through the end titles , when her paintings are displayed side by side with the credits -RRB- , are the principle reasons to watch this film which is worth owning , as you 'll enjoy it more than once , especially if you 're an artist yourself . Even if you 're not , you may find yourself wanting to grab a brush and turn an old table into a work of art . Despite Hampton 's flawed direction , these two people who fashioned a deeply meaningful relationship despite what most would consider built-in `` limitations , '' are fully brought to life by Emma Thompson in the title role , with Jonathan Pryce firmly by her side , as solid and fascinating as Carrington and Lytton . On the cover of a biography of Carrington is a picture of the two together , outside of Ham Spray House ; Thompson 's glowing smile and Pryce 's dandyish pose are perfect . So perfect are they , that only after I opened the book and read that it was a photo , not of the actors , but of Carrington and Lytton themselves , did I realize how perfectly captured they 'd been . I think they would have been pleased to see themselves in this film .
 There is probably some profoundly deep irony to the idea that the writer Lytton Strachey was informed by Virginia Woolf that the ravishing young boy he had his eye on was really a woman , the painter Dora Carrington , but it remains outside of my grasp at this point . However , I am not surprised that this story of a profound platonic love between two people is taken from the pages of history , because Hollywood is rarely inclined of the consummations it routinely wishes -LRB- remember , the classic tale of Cyrano de Bergerac comes from a play and was not written directly for the screen -RRB- . Strachey , Carrington , Woolf and most of the other characters in this 1995 film were members of the Bloomsbury Group , all of whom were eccentric British geniuses who explored the dynamics of human relationships in strange ways when they were not busy exorcising their artistic impulses . In a masterful understated performance Jonathan Pryce plays Lytton , who was a quiet , dry witted , reserved homosexual in his thirties when he met Carrington , played by Emma Thompson , who was 15 years younger and still a virgin . Their first meetings and the strange attraction that would bind them for the rest of their lives are sketched out in the first several scenes . The explanation for why they would live together while loving others is developed throughout the rest of the film . What becomes clear is that no matter who Lytton and Carrington took into their respective beds , or shared between them for that matter , no one mattered more to them . Ultimately , the tragedy of their relationship is not the absence of the physical dimension , but , as is often the case with most relationships , the failure of both to articulate the depth of their feelings to the other until fate cruelly rectifies that error.Thompson 's character is on a par with the other victims of unrequited love she has played with great success in `` Howard 's End '' and `` The Remains of the Day . '' Writer-Director Christopher Hampton , working from Michael Holroyd 's book on Lytton Strachey , expands her character through Carrington 's art
 At first the temptation is to see the movie 's focus on Carrington 's life as a clever ploy to do a biography of her lover , the far more famous Lytton Strachey , but in the end , the movie is really about Carrington.Like Lytton , she is emotionally unusual . She waits until her mid-twenties to lose her virginity , and when she does , she finds she is subject to the unbridled passions of every lover who comes her way . Only Lytton , who is openly homosexual , cherishes her the way she wants to be cherished , in ways that leave her free to live her own life.He is her ultimate love . She is his ultimate love . Neither ever fully engage that romanace and yet being afar seems to keep their love for each other real and close.Carrington is less a movie about an eccentric homosexual writer than it is a movie about a radical feminist who dares to be her own person . She wants to be in charge of her own life , not the object of some one else 's passion . In the same way , she wants to paint and create a total living environment through which she can control her world , she wants emotional control over herself.Lytton lets her do that , because his writing consumes him , and all his boyish lovers are transitory . The amazing decorative arts effects she paints throughout their houses are reminiscent of the Bloomsbury Group in general , but , in the movie , they represent her will be be in charge of her environment . She has no desire to display her work or sell it . She paints her lovers ' images to retain them as she remembers them -- without demanding control over them . Only Lytton gives her the same space.In Lytton 's oddly removed love , she finds the one true love that lets her be . While both Lytton and Carrington take other lovers , their relationship is the steadfast calm that guides both of them through storm tempests of hot passion elsewhere.In the end , the movie Carrington is about Carrington . Anything you take away from the film about Lytton Strachey is truly just background .
 Carrington , a female painter , falls in love with the gay author Lytton Strachey , and together they create a relationship without boundaries . This boundless love leads Carrington into several love affairs with other men , but it does not wreck Carrington and Lytton 's strong affection for one another . Unconditionally Carrington displays her devotion and respect for Lytton who is reciprocal in his loyalty to their relationship . However , the other men in Carrington 's life are not as understanding as Lytton as they demand something in return for their love for Carrington . It is these demands that prevent Carrington from developing her other relationships as she has done with Lytton . Carrington is a fabulous narrative of Dora Carrington 's life as it displays her life along with her strengths , which offers a good cinematic experience .
 `` Carrington '' portrays a love story between artist Dora Carrington and Lytton Strachey . It is more than platonic , yet distinctively one without sexual intercourse . Lytton is openly gay , yet is unable to deny how deeply he loves Carrington . Carrington is in love with Lytton in an almost obsessive capacity , confessing her love to him while he does nothing to dissuade her . In fact , his heart is obviously hers , despite his inability to desire her in a sexual way . While they do share intimate embraces and kiss in the movie , never do they fully consummate their unique relationship . Carrington embarks on numerous sexual affairs , marries one man -LRB- a young officer -RRB- who she `` shares '' with Lytton , and lives in torment that the only man she wants can love her in every way BUT a sexual way . As in real life , Carrington and Lytton end up living together . A poignant scene is when a sick and delirious Lytton calls out to Carrington , who 's at his bedside . He expresses his love and regret that he never married her , indicating his romantic love for her despite lack of physical desire for her body.Jonathan Pryce is phenomenal in this movie as Lytton Strachey . Behind the beard and the soft voice , one could hardly recognize him as the same man who played the villain in `` What A Girl Wants . '' Emma Thompson is endearing as a woman so in love with a man she is willing to bear a lot . Both actors are extraordinary in this film and give stand-out performances , leaving the supporting actors far behind them .
 This movie proves again that love is more than a chemical reaction . It does not spell very much out for you . Sometimes it even seems to be just a string of single events . Yet the one thing that becomes clear in the end is that love exists in many different forms.My only problem was the desciption written on the back of my video tape -LRB- not the one pictured above -RRB- . The person who wrote that can not have understood the movie very well . They made Lytton Strachey look like a cruel man and Carrington like a ... It actually put me off watching it the first time I read it .
 Though long and sometimes dry , both Thompson 's and Pryce 's performances are what make this movie a definite must-see . It is also notable that this movie brings into both questions of gender identity and sexual non-conformity in the ealy part of this century . Carrington -LRB- Thompson -RRB- is portrayed as a male-identified woman -LRB- possible FtM ? -RRB- with whom Strachey -LRB- Pryce -RRB- falls in love with , even though he 's a homosexual.Excellent , EXCELLENT story of two artists ' lives that neede to be told .
 I saw this movie at a time when I was getting sick of Merchant Ivory movies -LRB- an unbearable nausea that has yet to pass I might add -RRB- and I was expecting another movie about a bunch of personality-challenged tightlip Brits stuck in the Victorian era.I was pleasantly surprised to be captured by these people . Maybe because this is the art crowd who were living in the 1920s when conventions were breaking down . Maybe I just got used to `` real estate romances '' as Movieline termed these movies . But I think most of it had to do with Jonathan Pryce and Emma Thompson . She 's one of those women who needs to fall in love with gay men and he loves her attention . Together they become even more intertwined than they are with their lovers -LRB- who seem more like window dressing than characters - even when Emma is doing it doggie style on a boat . -RRB- and this ultimately proves fatal for the Emma Thompson character.This seems to be the recovery from Merchant Ivory characters . These people , instead of being repressed , are trying to be emotional in a repressive atmosphere and going too far but not far enough . They are toddlers learning how to walk and then running into walls.Of course , British movies have suffered too long under the MI spell , and this movie does remind me enough of those awful things to only get four stars . It is odd that a fully realized British novel -LRB- High Fidelity -RRB- about emotional people doing irrational things , but without the repression gets made into a movie and is immediately transplanted to Chicago . Or that the British obsession with American gangster movies has yet to produce a passable British gangster movie with mass appeal .
 I 'm not sure if the last reviewer -LRB- Lawrence -RRB- was aware , but Virginia Woolf was not part of this film . The lady who pointed out to Lytton that Carrington was a girl was Vanessa Bell . Virginia Woolf never had children.I had to view this film more than once to appreciate it . After all , I felt it should be called ` Lytton ' instead of ` Carrington . ' This is probably because this film was based on Lytton 's biography and not Carrington 's . In fact , Carrington had many affairs according to an interview with Emma Thompson and some were with women but of course , there was n't time to put all that on film.Lytton and Carrington were definitely an odd couple and this is an odd but very interesting film !
 ` Carrington ' belongs to the category of films that are obscure and eccentric , released in small art houses and that most people have never heard of . What a pity . This film presents an alternative twist on the theme of love , interweaving the ever-changing and amorphous desires of people and giving an honest portrayal of the ambiguous sexuality many people feel.Jonathan Pryce and Emma Thompson team up in an on-screen romance that is both tragic and fulfilling . Lytton Strachey , cold , wise , and homosexual meets promising painter Dora Carrington . She insists on being called by her surname and is even mistaken for a boy by Lytton when he first sees her . Carrington is still a virgin and repels advances by men all the time , and it 's driving her boyfriend Mark insane . In desperation , Mark begs that Lytton `` work on her a bit '' . The relationship between Carrington and Lytton is untainted by lust , something Carrington has always objected to . She denies Mark sex because she fears that he will become only sexually interested in her.Carrington , however , falls undeniably in love with Lytton , which is a slight inconvience considering the fact that he is gay . Still , they begin living together and spend some of the happiest years of their life . A touching moment occurs when Lytton asks Carrington , `` Why are you so good to me ? '' and she replies by showing him the pen wiper which has the words `` Use Me '' on it . But alas , it must end in tragedy . The parting shot -LRB- and sound -RRB- of the film is so poignant that it left tears in my eyes.Emma Thompson carries this film entirely on her shoulders . If not for her performance , this film would not be half as enjoyable . Just watching this woman in front of the camera is absolutely fascinating . Combine that with the idiosyncratic Jonathan Pryce and a wonderful supporting cast and the mixture is very much appropriately off-beat and quirky.Definitely recommended and a must-see for Emma thompson fans .
 While many would be shocked by artist Dora Carrington 's lifestyle , the movie 's point is to show her life . The actors are good , especially John P. who plays Carrington 's artist friend . I love the movie for its music and the paintings , even her house was an art piece with its unique walls .
 `` Carrington '' is an excellent period movie starring Jonathan Pryce as Bloomsbury author Lytton Strachey and the luminous Emma Thompson as the painter Dora Carrington . The lifelong friendship of Strachey and Carrington was at once passionate and complicated . Lytton is smitten with Dora at first sight , thinking she 's a boy . Soon , the boyish Dora and the effeminate Lytton are kissing passionately , sharing the same bed -- yet never consummating it . Dora is as close as Lytton ever gets to heterosexuality , even on his deathbed , he says he wanted to marry her . They were soulmates . `` Carrington '' shows Dora 's numerous lovers , from the troubled artist Mark -LRB- Rufus Sewell -RRB- , to the manly Rafe -LRB- Steven Waddington -RRB- , who sleeps with both Dora and Lytton , to Gerald , and then the handsome , hunky sailor Beacus -LRB- Jeremy Northam -RRB- . Lytton and Dora have a bond that many straight women and gay men have -- they see things in a similar way . There 's a deep understanding . `` Carrington '' is melancholy , especially with the music of Michael Nyman . The final scenes are wrenching , between Lytton 's final illness and death , and Dora 's suicide . `` Carrington '' is an excellent , powerful period piece .
 This is an all time beautiful love story . I have watched this film over and over !
 This was a very enjoyable rendition of some difficult material to turn into a movie , despite the interesting lives it portrays . A stronger script would have made it even better , but realistically speaking , the characters must have written and painted better than they spoke - we know that much of creative people ! A touching and memorable indication of the fact that even people full of talent and potential can lead lives of infinite sadness and confusion . More could have been made of Carrington 's art , in a visual work such as this , I felt . The subtle use of the famous Strachey portrait was well done.All in all , a touching rendition made poignant by the excellent casting and marvellous locations . Costuming too was very good .
 I kept rooting for the two main characters to make it together , since they were so compatible in every way , except one . Their affection was genuine , and the limits to their relationship was obvious to all . Others have said that this film is a one-note film ; that unrequited love would be unfulfilling to each . Her treatment to the other man in her life is sometimes difficult to bear . She hurt her first love because she was afraid of hurting him , of course hurting him even more.Dora Carrington was not a perfect person , of course , but her kind relationship with the gentle Lytton Strachey was sympathetic and winning.Recommended , especially if you enjoy English period films , as I do .
 Reading all the reviews about this film was very interesting . Amazing how different many of them are . Some are way too long though , so I 'll keep this short . I really enjoyed the film and thought the acting was terrific . Emma Thompson was wonderful , however I think the viewer was not able to see into the character 's soul , due more to the writer 's or director 's fault , not the actor 's . I 'd like to know more of Carrington 's thoughts or reasons for her actions . This film is about an unusual life style during Victorian times , which I found fascinating . If you are very conservative , this film may not be for you .
 This is a very unorthodox love story about an attachment between two people that was as open as it was deep . It raises questions about the nature of love , without answering them.I like it because Lytton Strachey was a fascinating wordsmith , here played superbly by Jonathan Pryce . I like it because Emma Thompson plays Carrington . I like it because it is about Bloomsbury , an extended group of creative deviants who lived in interesting times and places . I like it because it is about love unto death conquering formidable obstacles -- if love is what it was . Or was it dependence ? You decide.Anyway , this is a true story about real people . It sticks to the facts and lets you draw your own conclusions . Not recommended for prudes or moralists .
 If you 've ever been in love with someone , who , for whatever reason ca n't absolutely return your feelings , you will sympathize with Emma Thompson as Carrington . Both delicately and passionately told , the love between Dora and Lytton Strachey is told in sections , titled with the names of other lovers and the houses they all live in . Although the subject matter includes pre-and extra-marital affairs as well as early twentieth-century British homosexuality -LRB- much different than American -RRB- , this film has a sweet innocence to it that is entirely due to both Emma Thompson and Jonathan Pryce.It 's not for every Emma Thompson fan , but it is a wonderful movie about love .
 NOW , you do n't need to know anything about the infamous -LSB- ? -RSB- Bloomsbury Group of ` Intelligentsia ' in orde to enjoy this somewhat obscure film . Granted they are not prime eye candy either , except perhaps for the hunky lover or two - shared -LSB- ? -RSB- by Dora and Lytton . If you are quite absurb and look at them as perhaps ` vampires ' then the relationship makes sense , but thats the Gothic POV - their love is spiritual - carnality is left to the odd mortal who drifts into their lives ... SO DOES does true love mean physical and spiritual connection ? After all Lytton was gay , Dora - who knows , perhaps bi - perhaps not . I think the point of this movie -LSB- disregard the historical truth -RSB- is that a truer bond can exist without the physical -LSB- St. Francis for example -RSB- . Back to our story though - she loves him , he physically is incapable of loving her , but they are bound , totally bound , not that attractive a couple , yet they do enhance each other 's lives and THAT 's what it 's all about.One of the most understated of Emma Thompson 's performances , same goes for Mr. Pryce , who is ever-versatile ! AND the supporting cast ? Impeccable.In ` Women In Love ' D.H. Lawrence somewhat pokes a great deal of fun at the ` Bloomsbury Set ' - also depicted in the Russell movie , although he was never officially part of this rather odd group of pre flower-children Children . -LSB- The ever-controversial ` Women In Love ' seems to focus on the other side though - ` men in love ' - an interesting counterpart to this movie -RSB- . AND the ` bed-hopping ' ? Causes a positive draft !
 I ca n't believe someone actually made a film about Carrington and Lytton Strachey ! Delicious ! It is slow -LRB- as another reviewer said -RRB- , but that 's what makes videos so nice . Watch it over several days . Pryce IS Lytton Strachey and now I want someone to make a movie of his life and Pryce has to play him again ! The movie also gives a tantalizing glimpse of Ottoline Morrell , so I hope someone will make a movie of her life , too -LRB- of course , Pryce will have to come back to play L. Strachey again ... -RRB- . The soundtrack to this film is beautiful . I am grateful this film was made and to the actors for bringing these people to life . I hope the film will become available again .
 This is a beautifully morose story of painter Dora Carrington ; her work , her life , and the love of her life , author Lytton Strachey , who also happens to be homosexual . It is set in World War One England , and it looks as though the film itself could be a work of art . Carrington is full of saturated green landscapes and poetic dialog . Though a bit of a `` downer '' , still worth a box of Kleenex and a month 's prescription of Prozac .
 At first I was somewhat skeptical . Thompson was born in 1959 and Carrington was 21 when she fell for Lytton Strachy - but a kid . One can read about it in Virginia Woolf 's diary . But again ... Emma Thompson proves herself up to challenge - delivering an indubitably authentic performance as the enigmatic Carrington , more than twenty years her junior . Considering the graphic sophistication of today 's media audience , regularly bathed in representative imagery - no mean achievement . Both of the characters develop as they age and the story progresses , and the noted nuanced emotional complexity of the relationships seamlessly plays right into the players ' wheelhouses.The film is really first rate - but not mass audience fare - and one get 's far more out of the viewing having previous knowledge of the peripheral characters and relationships -LRB- for instance , it has been verified that Lady Ottoline and Carrington at least slept together on a number of occassions -RRB- which the contraints of film do not allow to be developed . In fact the whole of Carrington 's `` strong Sapphic '' predlictions are merely implied , not explored in the film.The showing of her art during the closing titles - which is reminiscent of the end of original Modigliani -LRB- `` Montpanarsse - whatever the adress was -RRB- - was terrific - but feature film is all too constraining I think to explain such quintessential art and the drama which surrounds its production , no matter how great the efforts made , great as many of them are here ...
 Fascinating movie ... entertaining with humorous and thought provoking scenes . Emma Thompson gives an exceptional performance and indepth look at the character she portrays . The scenery/environment -LRB- England -RRB- in the movie and the artwork shown are an added bonus . It is an interesting snapshot of contemporary issues for that time . This movie is a keeper .
 This film , `` Carrington , '' displays just about all the virtues and faults of the Merchant-Ivory/Masterpiece Theater genre . It is very earnest , very well acted and very pretty to look upon . It 's sometimes quite intelligent . It is also very self-satisfied , very slow and very lacking in humor . It 's sometimes very dull , too.The virtues are just that , virtues . Cumulatively , they build up a lot of credit for this film . The faults , depending on a viewer 's personal values , may be regarded as lying somewhere on a scale ranging from irrelevant to fatal . I lean to one extreme . My wife leans to the other.It might even be argued that the self-satisfaction , the humorlessness are neither more nor less than accurate depictions of Dora Carrington , Lytton Strachey and that whole self-absorbed , sexually-perplexed , navel-gazing crowd of twits at Bloomsbury.I prefer to regard the director-writer , the actors and the whole production as hopelessly gullible in taking their real life protagonists at their own value . The Woolfs , the Bells , Strachey and Carrington herself would , if given half a chance , express themselves as characters in a drama of high-flown aspirations and tragic consequences . I , on the other hand , tend to view them as puppets in a French farce , albeit one written by D. H. Lawrence.This film , its settings , its characters and its mind-set bear only the most tenuous connection with the real , tangible world . As W.S. Gilbert might have put it , the film and all those in it yearn for Elysian fields , but ignore the fact that they `` ca n't get 'em and would only let 'em out on building leases '' if they had 'em . `` Carrington '' would be well served by the presence of just such a character as Fitzgerald threw in to add a spice of reality to the slow-simmering gumbo of Gatsby and Daisy and Tom
 This film deserves a much better transfer to DVD . Sometimes washed out , and sometimes too contrasty , you will find image problems especially in the shadow areas where they turn a strong reddish hue . This is unfortunate since the cinematography is beautiful . This edition needs a major overhaul . If you are not bothered by technical quality , these details can be overlooked . Good film .
 I visited Finland once and have been homesick for it ever since . Musical Journey brings back not only the memories , but the emotions and connection that I felt those few idyllic weeks .
 Freshman Psych is a cool cult-like indie . I heard this was a franchise . Sophomore Psych , Junior Psych , then Senior Psych to follow . Wonder if that 's true . Anyway wish they would remake it with a bigger budget -- great story .
 As you might guess , Freshman Psych is a rather complicated psychological exploration of madness and violence . The notion of group therapy leading to group suicide right there in the therapy room 's circle of chairs intrigued me , but the movie 's inexorably slow start had me thinking early on that this was just another bad , low-budget movie . Fortunately , things began to turn around at the mid-way point , as the true identities of the proverbial good and bad guys came into increasing question . Freshman Psych has its share of problems , but overall it 's a pretty decent attempt at telling a slightly surreal , out of the ordinary story that dares to make you think.Apparently , at this particular -LRB- unnamed -RRB- college , a student can get failing grades expunged from his/her record by spending twenty-four hours under psychiatric evaluation . One fellow , Sam -LRB- Christopher Duncan -RRB- is capitalizing on this loophole by transporting students in need to a local institution and helping them get admitted . Unfortunately , one group of students committed suicide in the group therapy room - but that has done surprisingly little to hurt business . In fact , it has helped it by convincing Mason -LRB- Russell Fenton -RRB- and his girlfriend Lolly -LRB- the beautiful Kelsey Martin -RRB- to hop on the crazy house express . Mason 's former girlfriend was one of the suicide victims , and he is determined to find and stop whoever was responsible for her death . Lolly primarily goes in order to prove Mason wrong , but his suspicions would seem to be confirmed somewhat upon the group 's arrival at what is basically an abandoned , maze-like building . That 's when the real mind games start . Is Sam or someone hiding in the shadows the actual source of evil ? Is Mason just paranoid and insane ? Could Mason actually be responsible for the deaths himself ? Is Lolly truly innocent in all of this ? Flashbacks and camcorder videos of past and present events , sometimes presented in two different versions , help keep the waters of clarity muddied throughout.I 've tried not to label the bad guy a killer because he does n't actually kill anybody himself . What he does , by way of various means of psychological scare tactics , drugs , and whatnot , is to somehow get his victims to kill themselves and possibly each other . Thus , we are not talking about a slasher film here ; no one 's going to jump out with a machete and start hacking people to pieces . The film has its problems -LRB- why , for example , do n't these people try to leave the same way they came in , and why do n't they ever try breaking a window or busting down a door to try and get out ? -RRB- , and even the complicated nature of the script is n't substantial enough to cover some of the plot holes , but Freshman Psych offers a different kind of horror movie experience and kept me wondering who was really whom up until the very end . Given its estimated budget of twenty grand , that 's saying something .
 SPOILERS
 a great movie . a must for everyone
 Ripe is a prime example of why it 's best not to judge a book or a person by it 's exterior ! If there was n't a synopsis attached with this DVD , with just the cover alone I would not expect for Ron Brice to be apart of this movie . Ron Brice -LRB- Ken -RRB- was my rationale for buying this movie ! I like how Ken took Rosie under his wing & treated her as if she was his ' daughter or neice . I can say thanks to the director for not having Ken & Rosie engage in sexual activity ! I was pleased with Ron Brice 's , Daisy 's and Monica 's characters , except for a few things ... I could n't fathom why Violet decided to hide her menstruation from Rosie being that they were so close ? Being that all they had were each other Violet should 've confided in Rosie . Then when she flushed her panties down the toilet I wanted to slap her , if she had washed it & put it aside then that would 've made sense ! I was curious to know which 1 was the oldest of the 2 ? I totally was disturb when Rosie smashed the 2 rats -LRB- un-called for -RRB- . Another part in the movie that I did n't overstand is at the beginning when they played hide & seek with their father , was he playing with them or intoxicated ? . . The mother said that she 's calling the cops so it was n't clear if he was playing or just abusive ! Maybe he was n't playing with a full deck , because I ca n't fathom why he would hold a rifle to little kids like he did ! The seargeant 's wife Mrs. Hyman was an old red-neck freak ! She 's promiscuous how dare she commit adultry & she has a little daughter ! I loved Rosie 's aggressiveness until she killed Pete ... Pete invited them into his home & Rosie added insult to injury by killing him ! I guess she felt that was the only way to seperate Pete & Violet ? -LRB- it was wrong -RRB- Pete should 've told Violet & Rosie about the money he 'd received being that they were the reason that he made it!By keeping it locked in his draw it made him look sneaky ! With the exception of Ken -LRB- Brice -RRB- those guy 's behaved like ignorant school boys filled with Hormones . Ken comes to Rosie 's rescue when she gets drunk & Jimmy -LRB- Vincent -RRB- tries to take advantage of her . That 's why 1 of the reasons why I 'm in love with Bricebecause his ' roles are always hard-ass tough-guy -LRB- s -RRB- !!!! I wished that Rosie & Violet would have converse more than they did , then maybe their relationship would not have ended like it did ? Violet was a snake for leaving Rosie with out telling her 1st ! Violet took the bullets out of the chamber so that Rosie would n't commit suicide , but Rosie has access to get more ammunition -LRB- so that was redundant -RRB- !!!! Regardless I would recommend this movie to someone with similar taste !
 I loved it because it excited me with the lust I felt as a younger girl and with what probably would have happened if that lust had ever been requited . It was gut-wrenching !
 An old roommate suggested this film and after taking one look at the cover I thought , `` Um yeah , really ... ?? '' But I 'm actually glad I watched it . Ripe is NOT the perverted , exploitative testosterone-fest that its totally misleading cover suggests . Rather , it is a coming-of-age tale that explores a troubling IDEA in a challenging and fairly chaste manner . Sorry guys -- NO nudity , NO crude sneak-a-peek sex scenes . Rough language and some suggestive situations , yes -- but these are consistent with the concept director Mo Ogrodnik is trying to explore.Clearly , this film was shot on a very low budget ; and clearly , the script and setup skimp on -LRB- or totally overlook -RRB- several key details that would have certainly rounded out the characters and their story . For instance , there 's NO way Pete 's `` these are my nieces '' cover would have held water for more than three minutes , given the way the military dance thread unfolds . Also , while Violet is an extremely attractive teenage girl , Pete is also an outrageously buff and handsome guy who could probably have his choice of beautiful women . The movie ca n't seem to decide if it wants the viewer to perceive his character as an opportunistic creep ; or as an introverted , lonely , misunderstood misfit seeking connection . An extremely icky vacuum scene with a dilapidated Karen Lynn Gorney from `` Saturday Night Fever '' -LRB- who desperately needs to find a new agent , and/or a new career -RRB- suggests the former ; Pete 's treatment by the soldiers implies the latter.Many of the film 's visuals are not only framed well but actually quite striking , and Anton Sanko 's score is exceptional . Ultimately , Ripe explores some disturbing themes in a very poignant way , with a tone that darkens down to midnight black at the end . Overall , I mostly felt dejected that it missed its mark -- but that 's only because I could see what it was trying so earnestly to articulate .
 This is n't a exploitation , underage soft porn , kiddie nudity , film or anything else like that.It is ... a film about loyalty . Between 14 year old twin sisters -LRB- fraternal . . and they are as different as sisters from separate births ! -RRB- , and the growing `` maturity '' that is beginning to separate them . The silly ad cover . . is a lame reference to Eve biting the apple from the Tree of Knowledge -LRB- of Good and Evil -RRB- . . at the end of their stay in the Garden.It was a surprise to me on a free rental with Amazon Prime . The 2 lead positive reviews on this site are pretty much on target.This movie is not about titties , louche humor , or suggestive plot constructions . It develops slowly , and if you are looking for the attributes mentioned . . it is definitely a waste of your time . . even free . The `` coming of age movie '' has been done to death-usually with male protagonists . . but ... This one is worth a watch , if you are n't expecting slime . Highly recommended rental .
 Kind of a strange spin off of Lolita . I bought this a while back ago and lent it to someone and never got it back . That 's ok though I wan na get the DVD soon anyway . ^_^
 ` Ripe ' has that girl who played the now dead Abby on ` Dawson 's Creek ' in it . In this movie , she masturbates to Playgirl . Her sister kills people and animals . That just about sums it up , okey dokey ? : -RRB-
 After hijacking in the pickup of Pete -LRB- Gordon Currie -RRB- , an army lackey ; Rose -LRB- Daisy Eagan -RRB- and Violet Wyman -LRB- Monica Keena -RRB- find their sisterly bond is torn apart by Violet 's romantic involvement for Pete , who houses them while on the military base . Offering a well-written ending , this movie shows the true acting talent of Keena and Eagan .
 Ripe is not an exploitative Lolita sex film as the oversaturated key art may suggest . Instead , it is a challenging , offbeat exploration of female sexuality and coming of age , imaginatively directed and well acted by its three leads.The script sometimes gets rocky and crude as with many indie films -LRB- too much swearing is a curse in indie scripts -RRB- , but the film is visually stunning , and the cumulation of small moments is delicious -- when Violet discovers the adult magazines , for example , or when the gruff man who takes the sisters in has to explain menstruation to her . And the final scene with the two sisters is devastating , a weird amalgam of suspense , family drama , and psychosexual overtones.A wonderful music score by Anton Sanko -LRB- ex-Suzanne Vega Band -RRB- augments this aesthetically excellent , curiously poignant , ultimately very dark film .
 Despite many discouraging reviews read on Amazon , I picked this movie up against my better judgement . Yes , the cover art is deceiving to the average , heterosexual man . But , men are visual creatures , are n't they ? Taking three seconds to flip the box over , scan the description & you would have KNOWN that you were either buying or renting a certifiable CHICK FLICK . DUH ! Now , for all you chicks out there ... This is an excellent coming of age story meets Thelma & Louise , meets Sister , My Sister . Keegan and Eagan play sisters Violet , the beautiful , sexually curious younger sister -LRB- Keegan -RRB- and Rosie , the tomboy , gun-lovin ' tough girl sister -LRB- Eagan -RRB- . The movie starts out with the girls being around 6 or 8 with a really violent homelife and parents that are abusive towards one another and towards the girls . Car accident ensues and Rosie drags her sister from the burning car . They VOW to be together FOREVER!However ... Violet 's vow is broken as she becomes interested in sex and a long haired drifter with a motorcycle . Rosie 's vow was a real one & she gets emotionally crushed by her own sister . The only person that she ever loved.This movie is a great coming of age story with a wicked , surprise ending . No real nudity to speak of , very little bad language , some brief sexual situations . Not what the majority of the men who watched this film thought it was going to be ... . Which is , in and of itself , the very reason I found the movie to be so great!Happy Watching !
 This is an amazing film ! I 've read all the other reviews , most of which are negative , and am left puzzled about why people are n't liking this movie ! Judged on it 's own terms and not having to defend itself as one of those `` Indy '' films with all the baggage that goes along with that , it is a very decent movie that showed me some things I 've never seen in a coming of age movie featuring girls . It 's refreshing to see girls portrayed as something other than mindless bimbos or passive victims.I like it 's originality and the performances by the two lead actresses Monica Keena , and Daisy Eagan are spot on and very believable.Every movie has something that might make it better . In this one a better exploration of the girl 's background and their parents might have been nice and also a filling out of the reason for the rundown nature of the army base and the curious cast of characters there . In some ways the army base has almost a dream like quality cause it 's a little unreal , but it 's not a big enough problem to seriously detract from all the great things this movie has got going for it.This is not a movie with lots of nudity or sex , so if that is what you are looking for , try something else . However if you want an enjoyable film with realistic characters and lots of drama and suspense then buy this movie !
 I thought this movie was great ! It reminded me of how I was about 7 years ago
 The problem with most , this included , independent directors/writers , is that they feel mere innuendo is enough and lady or the tiger endings are artful.Innuendo is useful and frequently more erotic than out and out nudity in the hands of a master . In this movie , it merely is frustrating . Even when our heroine is deflowered , she is still wearing a slip to bed!The ending is frustrating since we are not really sure what happens -- or is likely to happen -- to either of the two girls.Certainly not the type of move I was expecting , but it did hold my interest and was enjoyable .
 when i started watching the movie , i thought that it was another sisterhood fugitives of the law type movie , as i remember when i was young dreaming about traveling across america by hitchhiking with my best friend , but as they stumble upon the military base all that happens is they get into ... men . one loses her virginity to the man letting the two stay in his house and the other loses hers , while intoxicated , to a drunken training soldier . so much for decency .
 Informative and visually exciting , Lynne Sachs 's documentary shows the power of protest and re-ignited my interest in a period when Americans were so personally involved in politics that they risked their safety and personal freedom for the sake of humanist ideals . In particular , Investigation of a Flame is a testament to the idea , `` Protest is patriotic , '' a characteristically American idea that our country nonetheless loses sight of whenever it 's most urgent to keep it in focus . Her film illuminates an important , and lesser known , episode in that period and helps me imagine that we might , at the grass-roots level , stand up again against politicians who advocate violence and death .
 This is an incredible film about how seemingly powerless individual citizens can come together to make a powerful statement , one that resonates across religious , class , ethnic and party lines , against criminal U.S. government policies . A moving look at how we are ALL responsible for what our government does , and what our obligations are as citizens to stand up for what is ethical and good .
 I saw this film on Sundance Channel and it 's wonderful . I 'm glad it 's coming out on DVD now . An important reminder of those years , and of what people can do peacfully if they open their hearts . Buy it and watch it and share it with your friends and family .
 Lynne Sach 's short -LRB- very short -RRB- documentary on perhaps the most well known act of civil disobedience performed by the Catholic left -- `` The Catonsville Nine '' incident in which 7 layman and women and legendary prophet-priest-activists Father Daniel and Philip Berrigan entered a Marlyand draft board on May 17 , 1968 , stole draft files meant to send young men to the Vietnam war , and burned them on the lawn outside using homemade napalm is essentially a meditation on conscience . What does it mean to be a Christian/Catholic and to be aware that we live in a nation that spends billions of dollars on * real * weapons of mass destruction while our own people -- the poor , the disadvantaged , the imprisoned , innocent and guilty -- are fed crumbs?The courage of these nine men and women , Mary Murphy and her husband in particular , almost defies comprehension . As the senseless war escalated and became more about flexing American muscle than anything else , and Vietnamese infants were increasingly returned home in caskets , these people made a move that disrupted their lives , relationships and careers forever -- and many did not stop.Sachs gives the other viewpoint a fair hearing , and a poor one it is . The Prosecutor of the Catonsville Nine ironically quotes Thomas More , the Catholic saint who was executed for * disobeying the law on principle * in order to justify his opposition to their actions . Mary Moylan , a draft board employee at the time of the Catonsville 's stand , is perhaps one of the scariest people I have ever seen on film . And she is an inoffensive , elderly woman . `` I 'm not in a position to judge whether a war is wrong '' , she insists , `` I simply think it is our duty to support our boys out there . '' And this is decades and decades later , after everything we know about Nixon 's `` secret plan '' , Watergate , Johnson 's admission that the war was wrong after leaving office , after even the Bush/Cheney administration . Though this is a viscerally intense documentary with some strong and humbling figures indeed , this lady really took the cake . Ignorance is a polluted stream which , it seems , can remained uncleansed right to the end of one 's life.People sometimes despair that there are no longer true exemplars of Christ like Mary Murphy , Tom Lewis , Daniel and Philip Berrigan
 I recently saw Investigation of Flame and I thought it was a challenging depiction of a singular act in American history . I had n't heard of the Catonsville Nine before this , but after seeing the film , I understand their significance to the understanding of the anti-war movement . Lynne Sachs ' film weaves in and out the variety of viewpoints from the individuals involved and the people affected by their action . I use the word challenging because as a documentary , the film incorporates footage from the actual event with other sequences of flowers and American backyards . While other reviewers may find this effect dizzying , I feel that it enhances our experience as we explore the past and present simultaneously . A great film for anyone looking to learn more about that turbulent time .
 I am so bummed that there is only 1 season of this show . This show is witty , smart and hilarious !
 I was hooked from the first episode . This is n't just another show , that entertains from episode to episode . This grips you and leaves you wanting more.The best part about the dvd 's is that the next episode is just minutes away , instead of a week away.I 'm glad to have this as part of my collection , and ca n't wait to have season two , sitting right beside it .
 When is Jeremiah Season 1 & 2 going to be released on BLU-RAY !!!? This is a fantastic show , worthy of recognition ! I 'm so disappointed that it has not yet been released as a SET and that Season Two looks like a bootleg copy . Shame on MGM !!! Satisfy fans by giving Jeremiah 1 & 2 the recognition it deserves .
 I do love this show and I believe that it was cut down in its prime . I think that the show had so much to offer but , just did n't have the ratings to keep around . They do wrap it up well eventhough you can kinda tell that the writers did cut out a lot of stuff to get it all done in the episodes allowed . One of my favorite post apocalyptic shows ever .
 Like many other reviewers I discovered this great show by accident browsing through the Netflix SciFi section . So 5 years after the show was cancelled I 'm discovering Jeremiah and Kurdy 's world for the first time . Yes , the first season is a little slow . But I 've decided it 's supposed to be slow . No lights , no electricity , no running water and no television . The viewer travels with Jeremiah and Kurdy at their pace -LRB- where DO they get the gas for that truck , anyway ? I guess we 're not supposed to ask . -RRB- Follow along with them and learn about life and human nature . Rent or buy it , but enjoy it . If I have one complaint it would be that the characters often use slang or expressions they probably would n't have had time to learn before thier parents died . Might they not even have their own popular culture jargon by now ? Just wondering.Not being the right age to enjoy his earlier work , I had no idea Luke Perry was such a good actor . Through season one and two he grows his Jeremiah character -- often with a great deal of protest -- into a leader . Jamal is also great . He 's perfect in this role . Just perfect . His character also grows and matures and it 's plain entertaining to watch . I have just four episodes left to watch of season two . I do n't want it to be over ! The addition of the new characters in season two was also an excellent decision.The clean underpants scene had me laughing so hard I almost rolled off the couch . What an imagination . Two favorite moments
 A very good series that as many of the sci-fi genre was canceled to soon ! season 1 is on dvd now and season 2 has not been released but if you are a subscriber of netflix you are able to watch the complete second season on their streaming video feeds !
 If you 're gon na cancel such a great show after only 2 seasons , at least give us both seasons on DVD ! Why do studios do this to viewers ?? Forget the special features , etc. . Just put the second season out , please !
 Absolutely captivating , imaginative and exciting . Unlike any other &#34; futuristic &#34; fantasy show that has been on television and it truly is a wonderful series .
 Very good TV show on what could happen if a bio-warfare agent escapes into the general population . The acting is a little shaky , but it really does n't effect or drag this show down . I would recommend anyone who likes Jericho or Threshold to give this show a chance !
 not much better than this on dvd at the moment great story telling adult and very mature would recommend this to anyone who loves great si fi
 The only reason I 'm posting this is to ask this simple question
 Sean Astin , as Mister Smith , does n't come into the story until Season Two -LRB- unless he dirrected something , but I really do n't think he did that until season two either -RRB- , but season one is a FABULOUS start to a wonderful story . A wonderful story about how people react in hard times and how fragmented society can become . But the rebuilding of the society is fascinating . With Luke Perry and Malcolm Jamal-Warner in , what I would call their BEST roles . Having never been fans of theirs outside of this show -LRB- well , I did like Malcolm in Cosby Show -RRB- I was impressed by the broad range of their acting . This season has some adult themes , language and scenes . But if you are an adult , even if you are a bit sensitive , the human aspect of the drama is well worth it . Oh , I should mention , parts of it , dialogs and situations the main characters find themselves in , are great comedy too.Only canceled after administrative disputes , this show could have gone on for many more seasons . -LRB- -LRB- PLEASE come out with season two !!!! -RRB- -RRB-
 I am really tired of seeing all the crap shows come out on DVD and then Blue Ray ? When is this great show going to be given some respect?Give us season TWO NOW !
 Awesome Sci-fi series . I always want to know the rest of the story after the big apocalypse . Jeremiah is full of humanity , great characters , hints of the unknown and best of all - an appropriate end ! It 's a story well told . Love it .
 A sci fi show that ran for two years focusing on just about everyone at puberty and beyond dying of a great plague dubbed The Big Death . Jeremiah , a drifter who has grown into his 20s , is the main character and something of a traveling angel who seems to want to help everyone with their problems . Just about everyone . He takes along Kurby , something of a sidekick buddy , who fancies himself a scholar of words and ends up being the intellectual of the two which is nice atypical of an African American and therefore nice to see . Themes of hope are prevalent and nicely woven into several of the episodes without becoming terribly redundant . There are several interesting ideas in here . Yes , some of them have been explored before but these have a nice twist or add on to them.The vying political groups makes for a sometimes interesting series . That said , some of the episodes are top notch and others are good and a few are above average . The series is loosely based on Belgian writer Hermann Hauppen 's graphic novels . DIALOGUE/CHARACTERS
 This show take the view that the all grown-up dies and leaving the childrens alone . Now the childrens are the same age as their parents were at the time of the BIG Death . How does these childrens handle the future and what actions they take . Do they made the same mistakes as their parent or do they take difference steps as the BIG Death is returning . The show is worth the time to watch and the characters are very interesting . Watching Malcom is so difference from watching him as one of the Cosby 's kid , it is nice to know that he has become great talent and long future in acting . Luke Perry can act as well and he is better in this show than his previous show .
 I originally found this series on Netflix . I enjoyed the first disc so much , I decided to buy the season from Amazon . Premise is that a biological agent has wiped out adults and the children from then have now grown up . The world was decimated and it is a dog eat dog environment . Along comes the main character -LRB- played by Luke Perry -RRB- who is trying to follow the bread crumbs of conversations he remembers from his father . The interplay between characters is excellent , and while there are some holes , they are forgettable with the wonderful stories.Definitely recommend .
 Bought it on a whim becuase it sounded interesting and I seemed to remember hearing good things . Well worth every dollar . I can not wait to see season two !
 Absolutely outstanding show ! Waiting impatiently for the release of season 2 in a box . Can rent from NetFlix , but really want to own the box set . I 'm really bummed that the show folded after 2 seasons though . Wish they 'd bring it back .
 i have been watching this series on the sci-fi channel and i ca n't believe that i never heard of it . it 's one of the best shows on sci-fiit goes to show you that you do n't need huge fx when you have a great storyi am not usually a big fan of luke perry but he does a great job along with malcholm jamal warnerthis series is a lot like the series jericho a lot of great acting \ good story line \ well filmed but like jericho it too was canceled after only two seasonthis series is well worth the money great entertainmentBrian
 This was a great dvd and the people I bought it from were great with shiping and timeing .
 I am one of the few JMS fans -LRB- I know him from his comics -RRB- that has n't seen Babylon 5 . Having said that , I have little to compare watching Jeremiah too , however my girlfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed this series . It was JMS 's name on the box which originally enticed me to purchase . The acting was strong , and the storyline was solid . This was one of the more realistic post-apocalyptic scenarios , and was filled with drama and humor . If any of that sounds appealing to you I would recommend this boxed set .
 Watched part of it in 2001 on TV and LOVED WHAT I SAW ! There are so many great things about it but you have to watch it to enjoy ! BUY IT !!! WORTH THE MONEY !
 I could n't believe it when I first saw this series for the first time !!! What an idea !! Imagine an actually possible apocalypse scenario where 6 billion people die from a bio-terror agent set loose , and then picture life afterwards . It 's brilliant !! And it is made all the better by two actors with such amazing chemistry , and such truthful writers . It is as realistic as possible , a little crude at times -LRB- but would n't it really be that way ?! -RRB- , and completely captivating !!! Probably the best unknown TV show that there ever was !!!
 brilliant - cant get it in england so had to import but worth every pennywish the second series was released as well
 I never watched this show before I bought the DVD 's . I know , a big gamble , but boy , it 's been worth it ! Jeremiah is a superb mix of harsh reality , character driven plot , great writing and fine acting that quietly immerses you into their world . And it does n't hype its ' warning message , `` This may be our future '' . Disregard any review that 's comparing this to other works . It stands alone . Unfortunately , it seems that the shows future is in jeopardy . Only the Good Die Young !
 This television series is one thought and creative integrity . The idea of the ` big death ' is so real that one has to be glued to every episode . Ever wonder what would happen if this occurred ? How would people survive ? Eat ? Travel ? How would a goverment form again ? Well this show delves every idea and situation imaginable . I highly recommend it-and I ca n't wait for the second season to come out on DVD ! There 's no way a show like ` Friends ' even compares to this .
 This is one of the best shows I have seen on television in the last couple of years . It has character , good story lines and an excellent and thrilling plot.I can not wait for season two to be available to buy .
 I did not see this one on t.v. , so I do n't know if there is morecoming . I SURE HOPE SO ! Excellent story line . Yes , I know , asothers have said , it has been done before . Many times , many ways , but seldom this good . The adults have died off , and the younglions are building anew . The question seems to be
 I was prepared to like this series , after being a big fan of Babylon 5 . I do n't have Showtime , so I did n't see it as it aired.The premise is good , and designed to appeal to network executives
 When you are a serious science fiction fan , you can not watch a new show going off the prior works of writers , actors , directors , etc. . You have to have an open mind . JMS did a great job with `` B5 '' -LRB- except for the 5th season -RRB- and while `` Jeremiah '' is nothing like `` B5 '' it is still a good show to watch.It takes place a couple of years after a plague wipes out everyone on the planet over the age of puberty and leave the young to survive alone without adults.I watched the pilot of `` Jeremiah '' when I got a free copy after I purchased a `` Stargate SG-1 '' boxed set . I enjoyed it and bought the first season set.If you watch sci-fi shows soley because you like certain areas of the sci-fi universe , ie . space battles , aliens , etc. then this is not for you . But if you just like to get your fix of sci-fi no matter what , then try watching the show.Sci-fi is not always about warping , gating , or transporting you across the galaxy , some things can happen right here .
 I have to admit , the pilot of this show did n't like me , after watch every single episode of Babylon 5 and Crusade , I could n't imagine Straczynski working on something much more alike `` a boy and his dog '' and `` madmax '' . But Jeremiah it 's the perfect proof of who brilliant is the creator of Babylon 5 , because beyond any of the other things I thought this show takes many of the stories left without end in Crusade , themes like the doomsday cults , the fear for the power of the goverments , As in Crusade , the main characters are looking for something to save the future of the humanity but when they come closer to what they searching everything shows a new terrifying reality that can change the past of everyone alive.For those who want more of Babylon 5 , be warned , once you began to watch this show you are gon na be looking for more and I mean the wonderfull second season of this masterpiece .
 One of the other reviewers pointed out that the underlying concept is repetitively derivative , that other works have covered the underlying idea.Well , it may be that there was a Star Trek episode with a similar technical premise ; the overall execution of the series is really the grander question . The `` McGuffin '' is merely the excuse to start the story ; the reason to tell the story is that there 's a good story to be told . JMS 's name on it is a reasonable `` mark of probable competence . '' One of the neatest ideas I heard was the suggestion of JMS writing a Star Trek series ; his involvement with Spiderman clearly indicates he can treat an existing `` world '' with respect , and I think it would be a fascinating take on the Federation . But I digress ... I saw Jeremiah in a video store , and as soon as I saw JMS 's name on it , knew I had to buy it , immediately . The weakest of his work is so much better than most of what 's on TV these days that it felt like a `` must have , '' and I was n't wrong.It 's interesting to see Perry and Jamal-Warner both growing from ` youth actors ' into actors with real adult presence . Throw in JMS writing , and it 's guaranteed to be interesting ; he has a powerful way of getting people to say things you * did n't * expect.The one moment I think I most liked was when Kurdy examined a sniper 's body , and started drawing grand conclusions based on the simple fact that he was wearing new , clean underwear . What scared him the most about whomever dunnit was the fact that they had * SUCH * resources that they could afford to make sure guys like this sniper could have clean underwear after the economy has collapsed . It 's such a JMS sort of moment ; it 's something totally off the wall , and yet he 's absolutely correct .
 When the series originally ran on the showtime network , I was only able to watch the pilot , for some reason . I really got into the show by watching the pilot movie , and really wanted to see the rest of the series . This Box-set is the perfect way to view the season in it 's entirty.The series itself is a mix of a couple series that have come before it . It has elements of firefly , stargate sg-1 , dark angel , and Mad Max , but adds its own originally to it . But the one downside that I have found of this series is that a few people -LRB- at least in my group of friend -RRB- can not stand Luke Perry , and if that is you , you should not even try to watch this , because no matter what anybody tells you this is definatly Luke Perry 's show .
 This was an amazingly fantastic show with some serious points to make.For those of you that love the X-Files and Dark Angel series , heres a mix of both with hunky Luke Perry and Malcom Jamal Warner as your not so average everyday heroes.The acting is fantastic and the plots all tied into each other nicely and the end has left me begging for more.Well worth the money and they can have more of it when they release the next season !!!!
 If you are like me and never saw this program until it was on the Sci-Fi Channel you should be warned . The DVD series is the Showtime version and I have now learned that version has a lot of nudity and cussing . Now that does n't bother me , I love this show . But there are some people who may not want to have this around if you have small children . None of the other viewers mentioned this and I thought it could be important to some .
 Jeremiah is a post-apocalyptic TV series that ran in the early 2000s from 2002 to 2004 on Showtime starring Luke Perry as the titular character searching for the almost mythical Valhalla Sector his father told him about as a child and Cosby Show alum Malcolm-Jamal Warner as Jeremiah 's best friend Kurdy . In 2006 , a virus spread around the world killing virtually ever post-puberty person everywhere . 15 years later , the young survivors have now become adults themselves in a world where society as it was no longer exists . Instead , people have formed small communities where trading and bartering have become the de facto method of currency as people try surviving the best way possible.As for Jeremiah and Kurdy , they find themselves ultimately becoming part of a group at NORAD , run by Marcus Alexander , a man with large dreams of bringing people out of the rathole situation the virus left them in and bringing a better world for everyone.I had seen a little of show once on the ScyFy Channel a year or two ago and enjoyed what I saw a lot . Finally buying it , I was not disappointed by season one at all or felt like the $ 12.31 I spent -LRB- counting shipping -RRB- was wasted.The acting in the show , from all the main and non-regular actors , was pretty good . As far as non-regular cast members go , I thought Jason Priestly , who starred with Luke Perry on a certain popular 90s show , was great as the demented psychopath whose group happened to have set up home in a former military base.The show was a little slow in the beginning but I thought it picks up nicely as it goes along though . I think this is the kind of show you watch more for the characters , however , than the plot itself of each episode.If you 're someone who is into post-apocalyptic fiction , this would be a worthy show to check out .
 A very interesting post-apocalyptic -LRB- but not depressing -RRB- series from the man that brought you `` Babylon 5 '' . This box set is season one of the two season series . Each season has stand-alone stories and a season length storyline with a good wrap up at the end of the season . In other words , there is no cross-season cliff hanger . Each season is a stand alone storyline . Well written , well acted , and with interesting characters . Two-thumbs up .
 I had never heard of this and looked at it many times before finally buying it . I got hooked immediately andI am so sorry to have watched it all so quickly thinking I could get the next season . Now I am so sad to be stuck with no Jeremiah . It 's a great show , great characters and story and I want more !!!!!!!!!! 11111111
 MAN WHEN I WAS WATCHING IT I FELT LIKE IT COULD REALLY HAPPEN , I WENT THOURGH ALL TYPES OF EMOTION WACTHING IT I COULD FEEL WHAT LUKE AND MALCHOLM WAS GOING THROUGH.BUT FOR ME IT WAS A GREAT RIDE BUT RIGHT NOW I 'M WAITING FOR SEASON 2 TO COME OUT
 I saw the show on the Sci - Fi network . It looked realy good so I decided to buy it and watch from start to end . Problem-o was that it was created buy HBO or something like it . There was profanity , and nudity that were edited from the sci - fi channels version . I was not expecting that . I felt that all of the rape scences and swearing took away from the story .
 One of the best series put out . If you like Stargate series , you WILL like this one as well.The character development between the 2 main leads is great to watch . 2 strangers learning to understand and respect each other . The humor gets better , and its nice to watch the relationship grow .
 It 's awesome how the theme song is created . It would seem that certain lines and episodes touch on the lyrics . Of course you can only hear it on the pilot episode then the beginning of each episode in season 2 . I and my husband truely love this show . And ` Theo ' makes a great addition to the cast of charactors . WAITING !!!!! for Season 2 to be released . Please hurry and make this come true ... . I 've been watching it on my ` Roku ' box.A must see to all ... . Aloha , Mari
 I love this show . I ca n't believe that it was cancelled after 2 seasons yet other absolute Trash stays on the air.I 'm a huge Stargate SG1 fan , not so much Atlantis although it has been getting better . I love Firefly/Serenity . If you like those shows , you should enjoy Jeremiah . The premise is interesting and Season 2 uncovers more unexpected twists . The acting is excellent . I particularly love Jamal-Warner . He adds the perfect touch to the show . All in all , a well rounded show with some suprising elements that keep it interesting . I still think it had a lot more mileage to go at the end of Season 2 . Oh well - maybe it will come back .
 SIMPLY WONDERFUL ALL THE WAY -- JUST HURRY AND RELEASE SEASON 2 PLEASE ON DVD ------ IF YOU LIKE X-FILES YOU WILL LOVE THIS BOX SET
 Good show for a winter weekend . A bit preachy but kept attention for the most part . Not as good as it could have been but worth the watch
 I enjoy this kind of a series , honestly ca n't remember this one specifically . So it did n't leave a lasting impression .
 Ca n't believe I have n't heard about this show before . Thought provoking show with great twists and turns . Has the right amout of action and drama mixed together .
 Loved the idea . Some of it seemed a little unrealistic . I believe there would be more areas with power . Aftrr all there were no more adults to turn it off .
 good set and value . I am glad I got this and would reccomend it to everyone . Go and get it
 I saw parts of this show when it was running but missed a lot of episodes and am very pleased with having this on DVD . Any scifi fan should consider purchasing this DVD .
 This is a dark and gloomy show with humor added to it . Its about a disease that has broken out of a lab and kills anyone over the age of puberty , which means its left up to the kids to carry on . This has a good story line , good acting and directing . It is a show that both my husband and I enjoy which is rare . It has an interesting story line for me and enough action scenes to keep my husband interested . Something that surprised me is there is n't alot of blood and gore , maybe that 's why it is n't on the air anymore , what a shame .
 The product was just as described and it came within a reasonable amount if time , I 'm ver satisfied with this product
 Was happy to get it . I am looking forward to sitting to to look at it . Del tme was not bad as it was sent to Austriala
 `` Jeremiah '' is not only one of the best post-apocalyptic TV shows ever made , but it is great drama as well . J. Michael Straczinsky , the creator of the awesome ` Babylon 5 ' wrote this show just as well . The acting is top notch as well as the writing.Very few post-apocalyptic TV shows have ever been made
 This is a really awesome TV series . I watched it on Netflix . Ordered this to send to my nephew stationed in Iraq . Hope he gets a chance to watch it , and enjoys it as much as I have .
 This movie is good entertainment , i would give it four stars , easily , an average movie i would give 2 stars.This is well acted and seems very plausible , as a post doomsday scenario unfolds.I saw a couple of the segments on t.v. prior to purchase and was interested , the series does not disappoint.the only show i have seen recently that i would rate higher , would be Jericho.I recommend this movie as good entertainment and with teens it shows some really good stories to learn good morals.Jeremiah - The Complete First Season
 Excellent . If you liked the CBS show Jericho , you 'll like this one just as much , and the acting is better .
 Why only four stars ? Well , I have to knock it down a bit for Sam Egan 's episodes because while they did improve as the season went on , they just could never compare to JMS ' . I hope in the coming seasons a writer will be able to jump on board and pick up the reins where JMS left off and keep the momentum going . Also , I was a bit disappointed to see that it is not being presented in Widescreen as that would have been the smarter move for MGM to make.The premise might not be for everyone as it is a dark and grim view of our future but the underlying message is about hope . The characters in this series are at a crossroads -- they can continue to prey off the remains of the `` old world '' until there is nothing left or they can try to rebuild their world into something better than what came before them.Season one was a bit of a bumpy ride and perhaps had a slow start but it was worth it in the end . I followed this show after being a fan of Babylon 5 for many years and knew it was going to be worth it if I just held out long enough . Boy , was I was right!It was fun to pay attention to the little details that were semi-hidden on the first viewing , only to discover that they all contributed to the greater arc of the show . Even the `` bad '' episodes all tied into the larger picture and became part of a wonderful tapestry called , JEREMIAH.Some of my favorite episodes that had my head spinning for days at the numerous possibilities presented were FIREWALL , TRIPWIRE and the two-part season finale , THINGS LEFT UNSAID.If you have n't had a chance to see this show , I strongly urge you to check out this series , as it is one of the most thought-provoking and intelligent shows produced . Give it a season and if you are n't hooked by the end , return it or donate it to your local library . However , I have a feeling that you will either tune into Showtime to see season two or you will be anxiously awaiting the next season 's set to arrive at your door .
 Call me weird , but this show is almost a study of human nature . It vividly portrays the many possible ways humans will react when they have lost everything . Some will turn to crime , victimizing everyone so as to better their own condition . Others will turn to despair , and simply lead lives that ultimately amount to nothing . And sadly , very few will try to help their fellow human beings , at a cost to them.It is sad to think that if the show 's premise really did happen , we would have more `` raiders , '' `` psychos , '' and `` animals '' than we would have people like Jeremiah.Anyway , I came upon this show on a Sam Goody store . I was browsing their dvd tv section , when I saw this boxset . I had never even heard of this show before , but I took a chance and bought it on an impulse buy . Let me tell you , it was the best 70 something dollars I 've spent.One of the best sci-fi series in a while , it is smart and well written . All the episodes , while seemingly loosely connected , actually weave a deep story arc about the rebuilding of a civilization gone wrong.I 'm wondering if the `` reviewer '' Upright Ape has even seen this series . What makes me wonder is when he refers to this series as having pretty FX . I mean , this series is probably the only sci-fi series that does n't really have much in the way of special FXs . I mean , unless he 's calling the big explosion in episode 3 a major FX ? As for sayng this series is a knock off of a knock off , is like calling Star Trek a knock off of any other space fairing piece of sci-fi that came before it . If that 's the case , I can say that Star Trek is a knock off of the old Lensman series , which most modern sci-fi is derived from.He then goes on to mention some rather obscure -LRB- at least to me -RRB- series and book , and then says this is the most overused theme in sci-fi ? I 'm sorry , but while I do agree that the basic premise of Jeremiah has been used before -LRB- what in sci-fi has never been done before ? -RRB- the series , as a whole has a very unique way of portraying the after effects and the goals of the people living in this world . The fact that the eldest were killed by a virus is only the setting of the story . It 's like saying that any space show is merely a knock off of another , which we all know is quite fallacious , since while the setting might be space , each show creates their own universe that is radically different from any other .
 I think jeremiah -LRB- based on a series of graphic novels by hermann huppen -RRB- is an excellent show , and another example of JMS at his best . Although some of season 1 fell a little flat -LRB- mostly scripts NOT written by JMS -RRB- , it is still an excellent show for any that like long , arc based entertainment . I was actually impressed with Luke Perry and Malcolm-Jamal Warner , and I never thought in a million years I would say that . The stories are entertaining , and sometimes frightening -LRB- Firewall , Tripwire , etc. -RRB- Most importantly , it sets the stage for what has so far been an outstanding season 2 . As a HUGE JMS fan , I ca n't wait for this set to hit shelves .
 In this series by the creators of Babylon 5 -LRB- which I liked much less than Jeremiah -RRB- , Luke Perry plays Jeremiah , a kind of lost , disaffected mid-20s guy who 15 years earlier lived through what 's come to be known as the Big Death - a bioweapon hormone-based virus that 15 years earlier wiped out everyone who was past puberty . So it was that civilization was totally engulfed in post-apocalyptic chaos , since the only people who were left living were the children.Things have n't changed much in 15 years . In fact , with supplies from `` Before '' rapidly waning , things may actually be getting worse . There 's no electricity or running water or long-distance communication any more , batteries and gasoline are worth their weight in gold , food is hard to come by , and society is basically total anarchy . They 're living off the scraps of the world `` before . `` In the midst of all of this , Jeremiah 's on a quest to find the place that his parents told him they were heading to for safety before they disappeared 15 years earlier . He assumes they 're dead like all the other adults , but still wants to know `` how their story ends . `` In the pilot he meets Kurdy , who is played to pitch perfection by Malcolm Jamal Warner as this slightly younger , very lonely guy and they sort of form a team , realizing there 's strength in numbers . He 's looking for something too - he just is n't sure what that might be yet.The series is about the really gritty , harsh world they live in , the political battles between the various factions that want to take over , and the hope of a better tomorrow . The story telling is very intimate . The scripts are often punctuated by quiet , revealing moments for the characters , and the show makes no bones about how much the inhabitants of this world constantly suffer , so it 's really harrowing at times , but the characterization and acting and plot are extremely gripping.I originally caught this when it aired on Showtime and bought the season on DVD , and I was n't sorry . The world of the show is very realistic , and the dialogue is fascinating , because none of these characters went to school much , and they all talk and act like you 'd expect people whose world ground to a traumatic halt as children to act . They 're bratty , selfish , manipulative , never stupid -LRB- survival skills born of necessity and all that -RRB- sometimes painfully naive , and always hopeful that things will return to the way they were `` before . `` The DVD has hours of extras that show exactly how much thought has gone into building the mythos of this show . Showtime is just now going to start airing the second half of S2 in September 2004 -LRB- the last new episode aired November 2003 -RRB- and no one is sure about a third season . But this is modern sci fi at its best and most gripping , and while the price is a bit steep at nearly $ 80 , it 's well worth it for the quality . Who would have thought that a show starring Dylan from `` 90210 '' and Cliff Huxtable 's only son could be this good ? = -RRB-
 As a `` nerd '' , I just love the `` if nerds like it , it 's bad '' review . For what it 's worth , some of the `` nerds '' out there happen to be quite intelligent , and read more , and have more knowledge about life , the universe , and everything , than some . J. Michael Stracynzki 's take on a possible post-apocolyptic world is much more convincing than most of this sort of story . This is n't too surprising , considering the intelligence he 's shown in everything else of his I 've seen and read . Give the show a chance - it 'll grow on you .
 Watched Seasson I on Showtime , then bought the DVD . I liked it that much . Good acting and I enjoyed the storyline . However the BIG Question now - when is Season II being released on DVD ????
 The world ends not with a bang but a virus . The `` Big Death '' has wiped out 6 billion people made up of teenagers and adults and left a world full of orphaned children . Jeremiah is one of these orphaned children trying to find his way in a post-apocalyptic world created from the memory of a dead world . Jeremiah 's goal in his new world and new life is to help as many people along the way as he can . His other goal is to find the mysterious `` Valhalla Sector '' that his father told him about before he died . Somehow it is tied into the tragedy of the past and the fate of the future.J . Michael Strazyncski 's latest series written and developed for Showtime is adapted from Herman Huppen 's comic book of the same name . While the scope of `` Jeremiah '' is much smaller than `` Babylon 5 '' , the stories are just as well told and focus more on character than technology . Luke Perry as the title character provides a fresh spin on a character that could easily have fallen into cliche . Malcolm-Jamal Warner provides balance for Perry 's altruistic attempt to try and right the wrongs of the world . The two have chemistry on screen and make even the weakest episodes interesting.While `` Jeremiah '' has a way to go before it can follow in the rather large footsteps of `` Babylon 5 '' and `` Crusade '' , it 's off to a promising start . Stracyznski wrote the pilot as well as roughly half 19 episodes included in this six disc first season boxed set . While the writing does occasionally fail to deliver , the series provides interesting and powerful entertainment as this new venue allows Stracyznski to tackle a number of subjects he was n't able to with the broad canvas of `` Babylon 5 '' . One of the weaknesses of the first couple of episodes is the villain Theo . While it 's interesting to see a woman cast as the `` bad guy '' in a series like this , the character is n't threatening enough.The picture quality is pretty good overall . The first disc has the 90 minute pilot episode -LRB- which , by the way , is available as a free disc with some sets of `` Stargate-SG1
 I enjoyed Jeremiah - The Complete First Season totally . I might be a little bit too much into Sci-Fi or Apocalypse type movies , but this series contains something more - some guesses on human nature in time of crises , and of course some cliches are also present . At the end it left me with a lot of yearning for the Second Season - which is still not available on DVD . It sort of feels like injustice has been committed .
 Jeremiah is set in a post-apokalyptic world where a virus has killed all adults . 15 years later , most people are fighting over the little crumbs that are left from the `` old world '' , while some factions are trying to rebuild `` their '' versions of a new nation.Jeremiah is all about hope in a hopeless world , about using and abusing power in order to build a society out of the ashes . ` Jeremiah ' has complex characters , an interesting story arc and fantastic dialogs . And btw , I saw M-J Warner only on ` The Crosby Show ' before watching this series and could n't believe he is such a great actor!To conclude , ` Jeremiah ' is just one of the best shows I have seen on TV in a long time .
 I loved this series and was one of the lucky few to see the complete season 2 . Will they ever release season 2 on dvd ? I have purchased multiple copies of season 1 for friends and family and we would all enjoy the final season.Hell , send me the master copies and I 'll slap together some dvds for MGM to distribute . I know I 'm not alone .
 Despite my better instincts , I 'd have to call writer/director Abe Sylvia 's `` Dirty Girl '' fairly irresistible . I 'm not usually so soft-hearted , but a spirited cast led me to let go of my reservations and just go with the flow . And I quite enjoyed `` Dirty Girl '' on those terms . It may lack a bit of originality , but it 's just so darned likable . Yes , the movie employs every tired cliche expected in a road trip comedy . Yes , the movie revisits the common themes of a hundred different coming-of-age sagas . Yes , many of the peripheral characters are garishly over-the-top as are the eighties set pieces . Yes , the film sometimes plays to easy punchlines , especially in relationship to homosexual themes . Yes , the movie has some of the most patently ridiculous scenes you might imagine -LRB- wait until you catch a nightly striptease contest in rural Nevada ! The fact that it is a nightly event only scratches the surface of why it is so preposterous -RRB- . And yet , here I am recommending the movie . It has a surprisingly big heart and a winning underdog duo with leads Juno Temple and newcomer Jeremy Dozier . So in spite of my reservations , I found the movie undeniably fun . And there 's nothing wrong with that!In truth , `` Dirty Girl '' is a bit all over the place in its tone . The movie starts with a pleasing nastiness but soon enough morphs into a heart-on-its-sleeve buddy comedy . It sets off eliciting shock value but speedily evolves into a family weepy . `` Dirty Girl , '' despite its salacious title and a few risque situations , is not nearly as edgy and confrontational as the early scenes would lead you to believe . It is , at heart , a crowd pleaser that is tinged with real and serious situations but is ultimately a fantasy of sorts . And viewed in that perspective , it really succeeds with some genuinely heartfelt moments . And lest I forget , it 's also has a lot of laugh-out-loud content . I wo n't go into the plot too specifically . Temple plays a promiscuous high school outsider who is struggling to understand who she is , her mother 's new relationship , and the father that she 's never known . Dozier plays another loner who is battling to fulfill his parent 's expectations , even though it seems an impossible task as they do n't accept him for who he is . Through movie magic , the two are thrown together and their comedic antagonism is the basis for numerous burgeoning buddy adventures.Of course , the two are both improved by and irrevocably affected by this new bond . They end up in some precarious and wild situations and a grudging respect blossoms . In the hands of Temple and Dozier , this central relationship really works . As long as you care about them , the rest follows suit . And I did care . The cast is rounded out with Milla Jovovich -LRB- quite good as Temple 's mother -RRB- , William Macy -LRB- as Jovovich 's fiance -RRB- and Mary Steenburgen and Dwight Yoakam as Dozier 's conflicted parents . But in many ways , this is a star-making performance by Juno Temple . She commands the screen and sells this movie . I have no doubt that we 'll continue to see her in bigger and more prominent roles . `` Dirty Girl '' is sometimes silly , sometimes sad -- but a wildly enjoyable journey . As a light and engaging diversion , it fits the bill nicely . Perhaps it 's not the perfect comedy I was hoping for , but its pleasures outweigh my intellectual reservations and melted my dead cold heart . KGHarris , 1/12 .
 `` If it 's a man 's world God would n't have made me . '' Danielle -LRB- Temple -RRB- lives life on her own terms . When her mouth gets her in trouble at school she is sent to the `` special '' classroom . After an assignment pairs her up with a school loser her life is forever changed . The saying goes do n't judge a book by it 's cover , that could not be more true for this movie . The first ten minutes is what you would expect but from then on it becomes an emotional movie that deals with some pretty heavy subjects . The acting is great in this and there is an all-star cast along with some surprising cameos . If I keep talking I am afraid I will give something away and that would do the movie an injustice . Much like the movie `` Good Old Fashioned Orgy '' I think that the movie would get a better audience if the title was different . Do yourself a favor and watch this movie . Overall , a very surprising movie that was much much better then I expected . I give it an A - .
 DIRTY GIRL is a funny , ultimately touching , coming-of-age/road movie that undergoes a major shift in tone during its third act , and yet remains an extremely satisfying viewing experience.Written and directed by Abe Sylvia , the film is set in ultra-conservative Norman , Oklahoma in 1987 , and centers on Danielle -LRB- Juno Temple -RRB- , the high school tramp , who is paired on a class parenting project with fellow student Clarke -LRB- Jeremy Dozier -RRB- , an overweight gay kid.When Danielle 's mother -LRB- Milla Jovovich -RRB- announces her engagement to her strict-minded Mormon boy friend -LRB- William H. Macy , in a role that should make Mitt Romney cringe -RRB- , the girl decides to head for Fresno , California , to finally meet her biological father , and because he has a car and a credit card , she drafts Clarke to accompany her.Unfortunately , that prized Cadillac belongs to Clarke 's violent homophobic father -LRB- Dwight Yoakam -RRB- , who goes after the couple , while his repressed wife -LRB- Mary Steenburgen -RRB- and Danielle 's mom join forces to also bring their kids home.DIRTY GIRL is a clever , witty , well-acted `` gem , '' a true audience-pleaser . -LSB- Watch that bag of flour . It almost steals the show . -RSB- Extras on the DVD from Anchor Bay Entertainment include audio commentary by Abe Sylvia and deleted/extended scenes.Michael B. Druxman
 Despite my better instincts , I 'd have to call writer/director Abe Sylvia 's `` Dirty Girl '' fairly irresistible . I 'm not usually so soft-hearted , but a spirited cast led me to let go of my reservations and just go with the flow . And I quite enjoyed `` Dirty Girl '' on those terms . It may lack a bit of originality , but it 's just so darned likable . Yes , the movie employs every tired cliche expected in a road trip comedy . Yes , the movie revisits the common themes of a hundred different coming-of-age sagas . Yes , many of the peripheral characters are garishly over-the-top as are the eighties set pieces . Yes , the film sometimes plays to easy punchlines , especially in relationship to homosexual themes . Yes , the movie has some of the most patently ridiculous scenes you might imagine -LRB- wait until you catch a nightly striptease contest in rural Nevada ! The fact that it is a nightly event only scratches the surface of why it is so preposterous -RRB- . And yet , here I am recommending the movie . It has a surprisingly big heart and a winning underdog duo with leads Juno Temple and newcomer Jeremy Dozier . So in spite of my reservations , I found the movie undeniably fun . And there 's nothing wrong with that!In truth , `` Dirty Girl '' is a bit all over the place in its tone . The movie starts with a pleasing nastiness but soon enough morphs into a heart-on-its-sleeve buddy comedy . It sets off eliciting shock value but speedily evolves into a family weepy . `` Dirty Girl , '' despite its salacious title and a few risque situations , is not nearly as edgy and confrontational as the early scenes would lead you to believe . It is , at heart , a crowd pleaser that is tinged with real and serious situations but is ultimately a fantasy of sorts . And viewed in that perspective , it really succeeds with some genuinely heartfelt moments . And lest I forget , it 's also has a lot of laugh-out-loud content . I wo n't go into the plot too specifically . Temple plays a promiscuous high school outsider who is struggling to understand who she is , her mother 's new relationship , and the father that she 's never known . Dozier plays another loner who is battling to fulfill his parent 's expectations , even though it seems an impossible task as they do n't accept him for who he is . Through movie magic , the two are thrown together and their comedic antagonism is the basis for numerous burgeoning buddy adventures.Of course , the two are both improved by and irrevocably affected by this new bond . They end up in some precarious and wild situations and a grudging respect blossoms . In the hands of Temple and Dozier , this central relationship really works . As long as you care about them , the rest follows suit . And I did care . The cast is rounded out with Milla Jovovich -LRB- quite good as Temple 's mother -RRB- , William Macy -LRB- as Jovovich 's fiance -RRB- and Mary Steenburgen and Dwight Yoakam as Dozier 's conflicted parents . But in many ways , this is a star-making performance by Juno Temple . She commands the screen and sells this movie . I have no doubt that we 'll continue to see her in bigger and more prominent roles . `` Dirty Girl '' is sometimes silly , sometimes sad -- but a wildly enjoyable journey . As a light and engaging diversion , it fits the bill nicely . Perhaps it 's not the perfect comedy I was hoping for , but its pleasures outweigh my intellectual reservations and melted my dead cold heart . KGHarris , 1/12 .
 The script is not original by any means . However , the cast is superb and definitely worth five stars!Usual story . Single mother in lack of affection -LRB- Milla Jovovich -RRB- , takes care of her daughter in lack of affection . While the mother is looking for love and a husband all over the place , the daughter -LRB- Juno Temple -RRB- is looking for love affection in high school and the boys have a blast . She goes in detention where she meets a boy -LRB- Jeremy Dozier -RRB- who is gay and not accepted by his father -LRB- Dwight Yoakam -RRB- but his mother -LRB- Mary Steenburgen -RRB- adores him . They suddenly find the name and address of her father and travel across the country to meet him with the expected consequences.Juno Temple and Jeremy Dozier are fabulous and uninhibited and their performance is just outstanding.Five stars all around for the acting and the direction . It shows you that even when you take a clich&eacute; story with a predictable plot and ending but have great actors , you get a terrific movie .
 Full disclosure
 Ignore the negative reviews . Watch it ... I get the impression this is one you love or hate . My daughter and I loved it !
 Abe Sylvia , writer and director of Dirty Girl , brings ten years as a dancer and choreographer on Broadway into his debut feature film . It goes without saying that Dirty Girl is filled with a slew of nostalgic music hits such as Teena Marie 's Lovegirl , Melissa Manchester 's Do n't Cry Out Loud , and The Outfield 's Your Love , and dance scenes that liven certain character roles . Dirty Girl is set in Oklahoma during the 1980 's and centers around Danielle -LRB- Juno Temple -RRB- and Clarke -LRB- Jeremy Dozier -RRB- , two high school misfits who become friends through fate and chance . Danielle is the natural born rebel that has a bad reputation , has a killer body and drives around looking for trouble in a red mustang.Clarke is an overweight , witty , closeted virgin , and suffers the emotional and physical abuse of his domineering , homophobic father , Joseph -LRB- Dwight Yoakum -RRB- . If Joseph finds out Clarke is gay , he will send him to military school . Danielle 's unruly behavior forces the school principal to send her to remedial class where she is paired up with Clarke to complete a parenting project . Danielle is disrespectful and bitter towards her mother , Sue-Ann -LRB- Milla Jovovich -RRB- , and Sue-Ann 's Mormon fianc&eacute; Ray -LRB- William H. Macy -RRB- , maybe because she feels left out or maybe she does n't connect with the new future her mother is embracing . Either way , Danielle recruits Clarke to go with her to California to locate Danny Briggs -LRB- Tim McGaw -RRB- , the father she never met.Finding the rebel inside of him , Clarke takes Joseph 's prized Cadillac and his parent 's credit card to finance the getaway trip . Danielle and Clarke learn and laugh at each other along the journey . They even pick up Joel -LRB- Nicholas d'Agosto -RRB- , a stripper who Clarke eventually becomes intimate with . The fun comes to a halt when Joseph reports his car stolen to the police and catches up with the two . Clarke stays with Joseph to take the beatings while Danielle forges ahead to California . When she reaches Danny Briggs , he 's not interested in a father-daughter relationship . Both Danielle and Clarke were forced to grow up quickly under their dysfunctional family circumstances.In the end , the truth has set them both free . Clarke is now out of the closet with his mother , Peggy -LRB- Mary Steenburgen -RRB- and Danielle realized her mother loved her enough to not to have an abortion . Dirty Girl is a creative and exciting movie . Each cast member holds their own when shifting between neuroses and normalcy . Director Abe Sylvia was very crafty with keeping the music in tow when tough scenes emerged . Overall , Dirty Girl is fun to watch and is a great first start for Director Abe Sylvia to build upon .
 Loved this movie !!! Had never seen either of the 2 lead actors in anything before , but they were wonderful . It made me laugh and cry . A really great story . Can imagine watching it again and again and enjoying it every time . Highly recommend to everyone .
 Excellent movie , wonderful acting , brilliant script . I saw the trailer and was intrigued but I honestly had no idea of how blown away I would be by this movie . It is the wittiest and most endearing indie movie I have seen since Juno .
 I honestly watched this movie because I was bored and I have n't seen it . I assumed - from the title & cover - that it would be a cruddy B-rated movie with bad acting . I was completely WRONG.The movie is set in the 80 's - very authentic , from the cars to the clothes . When you start watching the movie , the girl seems like a shallow , smart-mouthed , brat . Her home life leaves alot to be desired . At a certain point , things change , and she has to take a hard look at what she 's doing . She befriends a boy with a home life that is as unfortunate as her own - in a different way . When the two set out on a road trip is when it will really hit you emotionally , if it has n't already . My heart broke with hers when she was at her father 's home . As a parent , this part of the movie brought me to tears . If you have n't lived a perfect life and if you are n't easily offended , this is a really good movie . -LRB- The bad language is constant and situations are heavy . -RRB-
 Some time ago , I watched the trailer for `` Dirty Girl , '' and I told myself that I needed to see this film - it looked really funny . However , having finally watched the whole movie , my impression is now a little bit different . Yes , it is funny , as I saw in the trailer , but it switches to drama probably after the first half , and the result is just fascinating , a delightful surprise , a little undiscovered gem.The story takes place in Norman , Oklahoma , in 1987 , and we immediately meet Danielle -LRB- Juno Temple -RRB- , an incredibly flirtatious and vivacious young lady that is attending high school . It seems that she is only interested in boys and having fun , and getting away with anything she wants . Her three Ds of dating are
 I did n't expect this movie to be this good at all , I expected to return the dvd I purchased so I prefer to rent it so it would n't be so expensive , but boy was I wrong , I LOVED this movie , there is the cliches but even with that the characters were lovable and so original . Funny how you can see yourself and your best friend in this movie ;-RRB- .
 JUNO TEMPLE plays this role beautifully . It is heart warming and funny . she is def up and coming ! i love it !
 I love when a movie gets it right . Great soundtrack and super awesome story . I ca n't wait to see this directors next movie .
 I saw this at Best Buy and thought it would be an Easy `` A '' clone but it turned out to be nothing like Easy `` A '' and a much better movie . It 's about a pretty girl in high school with low self esteem and her gay best friend with a similar problem . As unlikely allies in high school as you can get they become very helpful to each other when they run away from school and their families . I wo n't say more but I loved it .
 Why is it that indie films never get a chance at the big screen.Sometimes I wonder about Hollywood and why they do not put out great films like Dirty Girl . I came across this film by mistake and read up on it viewed the trailer and was hooked . I purchased it and was blown away . The story was great it had several high profile actors which in some cases kills a film but this it did not . Jeremy Dozier and Juno Temple do an amazing job giving great performances . I highly recommend this movie . It 's a keeper .
 Imagine if Alison Lohman had played the Dede Truitt part in `` The Opposite of Sex '' -LRB- 1998 -RRB- and subtly inserted a bit of Luna Lovegood into the character , and you will have a pretty good idea of the look and feel of `` Dirty Girl '' -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . Full of wisdom disguised as black comedy.The dialogue is not on quite the level of `` The Opposite of Sex '' , especially the voiceover narration ; but what is ? Christina Ricci had so much to work with in that film that Roger Ebert commented specifically about the narration provided by her character
 Excellent movie , one of my favorites . Juno Temple was fabulous in it , and it 's just really cute and funny . A movie I 'd watch way more than once .
 Dirty Girl is a film that started off a little slow but I found myself really enjoying this indie flick thanks to the knockout performance by Juno Temple ! She is a relevation and I was in awe of her range . She has n't appeared in a lot of films but I can definitely see a star in the making . The storyline is great , the music is timeless , and the acting is flawless , even Tim McGraw proves he is more than just a country singer . Dirty Girl left me with a huge smile on my face , it 's a fun coming-of-age film . I highly recommend it !!!
 The story line is rough . Always thinking the grass is greener on the other side of the fence . A habit a lot of teens buy into today . When it was her mom who loved her all the time . Her adventure with her friend , and even having a friend , was a revelation for her . The boy had been mistreated by his dad forever as had his mom . The rest of the story is a side note . For me it was the dancers at the end of the film is why I watched it . One of them was my granddaughter . But the acting was good .
 New talents and seasoned vets in a terrific story . You 're not sure what 's going to happen each step of the way . The music is awesome too!Too mature for younger teens for sure - hmm , wonder if that 's why it 's rated `` R '' ? : -RRB- Highly recommend it for a movie with your bestie , your BFF , your mate , your chum , oh heck - anyone you can grab to sit still . I watched it solo but you miss so much by not missing it with someone to share this with !
 I saw this movie in the theater and ca n't wait to get my own copy on DVD . Juno Temple and Jeremy Dozier are going to be major start and I ca n't wait to see the next movie Abe Sylvia directs . The movie combines both comedy and drama , which is great since it lets the young actors show their range . The coming-of-age story set in a small town in Oklahoma deals with serious subject matters , but in a way that 's not depressing - instead the story unfolds in a way that allows you to really connect with the characters and everything they go through . As a bonus , the soundtrack is perfect !
 This film hits all the marks , 1 . It 's funny , 2 . It 's Charming , 3 . It 's moving , and 4 . It 's well made . You can not go wrong renting this one !!!
 I first went to see this movie because of all the Melissa Manchester songs but quickly fell in love with the charming story presented by a stellar cast . So much fun ! Melissa Manchester 's songs and voice were a beacon of light to me in the 80s as the gay son of a Lutheran Minister . This movie is a beautiful tribute to her and is both funny and moving . You 'll laugh and cry for many different reasons . Such a treat !
 It baffles me that this movie did n't get a wider release . It makes you laugh , it makes you cry , and then it makes you laugh through your tears . What more can you ask ?
 Ca n`t praise this enough . Great Serial with all the thrills and spills you expect . Wagons over cliffs , Thundering herds ect.And what a cast . Dick Foran who i can never get enough of . A DVD release of his movies are long overdue.The last appearance of the legendary Buck Jones although doubled by Rod Cameron and in some scenes it shows . Leo Carillo as Pancho ten years before he was Cisco ` s side kick with wonderful lines like `` Lets went '' and `` I theenk i hear footprints '' . Two Jr ` s Noah Beery and Lon Chaney . Guinn `` Big Boy '' Williams as the wonderfully named Borax Bill . Charles Bickford as Wolf Reade one of the land grabbers and Glenn Strange in a rare clean shaven good guy role . Familiar cast of villians including Monte Blue who i will always remember as Unga Khan in Undersea Kingdom.Universals first million-dollar production although visibly quite a lot of stock footage is used but thats not a problem everyone did that Gene Autry included . I had already seen a friends copy on video which was very faded and bad quality so naturally i was reluctant to buy it . After reading other reviews about the DVD transfer and quality i bought it and was glad i did . We are possibly seeing it now in better condition than it was seen all those years ago at the Saturday Matinees.A fast thrilling ride from start to finish .
 bob hope and bing crosby are great together . their antics in these movie are so funny i had to laugh . i have seen these four movies and one other of the `` on the road to '' movies . they are comical . any classic movie love should love these . it is definately worth the $ 20.00 i spent on the 4 pack of moives .
 Absolutely hilarious classics starring Bob Hope and Bing Crosby as Bob Hope and Bing Crosby . This is for those of us who truly love great one-liners . There are many other gags as well , but the juice is in the rapport .
 VCI Entertainment and Universal Pictures present `` Riders of Death Valley '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- -LRB- digitally remastered -RRB- , 15 Chapters of vintage serial loaded with thrilling drama and high adventure sequences featuring heroes and villains Dick Foran , Leo Carrillo , Buck Jones , Charles Bickford , Guinn `` Big Boy '' Williams , Lon Chaney Jr , Noah Beery Jr. . Glenn Strange and Roy Barcroft . . there is a great deal of entertainment here for the cliffhanger fans out there ... It has more of everything with lots of action , hard riding chases and plenty of shootouts ... Universal Pictures publicity department reportedly budgeted one million dollars for `` Riders of Death Valley '' , this was an unheard dollar amount for any B-Western . The `` Riders '' are a group of stout hearted men protecting local miners from the bad guys of the territory ... Jim Benton and Tombstone head up the riders ... at the other end of the story we have a pack of wolves lead by Wolf Reade , Kirby and Davis who control the town and want more , meaning gold and total power ... Benton has part ownership in the `` Lost Aztec Mine '' along with Mary Morgan ... can Benton fight off Wolf Reade and the other hyenas ... each episode gets closer to the answer , watch this and relive those thrilling yesteryears of the Saturday Matinee.Under director 's Ford Beebe and Ray Taylor with screenplay by Sherman Lowe , George H Plympton and Basil Dickey ... the cast include Dick Foran -LRB- Jim Benton -RRB- , Leo Carrillo -LRB- Pancho Lopez -RRB- , Buck Jones -LRB- Tombstone -RRB- , Charles Bickford -LRB- Wolf Reade -RRB- , Guinn `` Big Boy '' Williams -LRB- Borax Bill -RRB- , Lon Chaney Jr -LRB- Butch - Henchman -RRB- , Noah Beery Jr -LRB- Smokey -RRB- , Jean Brooks -LRB- Mary Morgan -RRB- , James Blaine -LRB- Joseph Kirby -RRB- , Monte Blue -LRB- Rance Davis -RRB- , Glenn Strange -LRB- Tex , sidekick toBenton -RRB- , Roy Barcroft -LRB- Dirk - Henchman -RRB- , Jack Rockwell -LRB- Trigger - Henchman -RRB- ... a character veteran actor Edmund Cobb is cast as a good mine foreman who ca n't seem to keep Chaney locked upB-Westerns fans all love and know Leo Carillo who virtually played the same character , better known as Pancho every week in the `` Cisco Kid '' television series ... Dick Foran went on to costar in John Ford westerns ... Glenn Strange played the `` Frankinestein '' monster in various horror films and then became Sam the bartender in the weekly `` Gunsmoke '' television series ... Lon Chaney Jr also went the horror film trail as `` The Wolf Man '' aka Lyle Talbott ... Buck Jones had been around westerns since 1918 would be cast in the `` Rough Rider '' series just prior to his tragic death in 1942 , he was a legend and pioneer in the early B-Westerns ... almost a class reunion of B-Western alumni ... ca n't make a good Western without those veterans ... do n't miss one single episode that will keep you thrilled until the next chapter the following week.CHAPTER TITLES
 HAVING SEEN ALL OF THE ROAD MOVIES IN YEARS PAST , IT IS A GREAT PLEASURE ONCE AGAIN TO HEAR WONDERFUL VOICES , & COMEDIC ACTING AT SUCH A HIGH LEVEL . MUSIC & COMEDY DOES NOT HAVE TO BE VULGAR TO BE ENTERTAINING . WHERE HAVE YOU GONE BING CROSBY ?
 Could n't wait to get this DVD and it was worth the wait . Got a charge out of seeing Bob and Bing together . Must order the other `` Road '' films .
 There are many great comedies nowadays , but there are very few great comedy teams . In the old days , you could have the Three Stooges , the Marx Brothers , Laurel and Hardy or Abbott and Costello
 As World War Two was just beginning to rage in Europe , Hal Roach saw the writing on the wall and was bringing his brilliant career as a comedic producer and director to a close . He had been producing and directing comedies since he `` discovered '' Harold Lloyd in 1915 , but -- with European markets gone -LRB- and his plans for a producing alliance with Benito Mussolini 's State-owned Cinecietta studios literally gone up in smoke -RRB- he went to the gate one final time for the comedy gem ROAD SHOW , and then prepared to join the war effort as an officer and turn his `` Lot O'Fun '' over to the Signal Corps to use for the production of Military training films . Practically all of the -LRB- mostly -RRB- unbilled but very familiar faces who graced the Charley Chase , Thelma Todd , Laurel and Hardy , and Our Gang Comedies over the preceeding decade made one final appearance under the maestro 's direction , and the result was a very funny ninety minutes of escapist joy . Headlined by veteran actor Adolphe Menjou -LRB- in what must rank as his most far-out role as an escapee from a mental institution ! -RRB- and featuring Roach matinee star John Hubbard paired with leggy Carole Landis -LRB- star of 1941 's TOPPER RETURNS and the 1939 classic ONE MILLION B.C. -RRB- the film combines the wacky world of the traveling carnival -LRB- aided by Patsy Kelly and Willie Best ! -RRB- with the romantic tale of a man who wants to marry but always manages to wriggle off the hook at the last moment -- even during the wedding ! He plays nuts during the actual ceremony , but the would-be bride calls his bluff and orders him institutionalized . He escapes with Menjou , joins the carnival -- and Roach and his stable of comedy character actors take it from there . By the end of the picture , rich John has bought Carole the best carnival ever known , and , finally , he 's headed down the aisle -- as a stubborn Indian would-be suitor chases after a very reluctant Patsy Kelly . A final look at a world about to vanish behind the smoke of Pearl Harbor ; a glimpse back at the slapstick joy of Hal Roach which pulled the world through a Great Depression . You 'll love ROAD SHOW from Hal Roach Studios via Image Entertainment !
 The first four ROAD pictures are real treasures of comedy and music . Hope and Crosby 's easy style have often been immitated by newer comics and even animated characters , but never equalled . The only downside to this collection is putting all on one disc . Just do n't like double sided discs when not necessary . Making this a two disc set should not have increased production costs enough to increase the purchase price . Finally , WHY only the first four ? Was it a rights issue ? The 5th , RIO , must surely still be under Universal/Paramounts control . Still these squabbles do n't negate the life of these films . What classic Hollywood was all about ...
 Four classic Road To ... -LRB- Singapore , Zanzibar , Morocco , and Utopia -RRB- movies in one double sided disc !!! A great deal and space saving too -LRB- like the packaging too , it kinda looks like an old suitcase , of course much smaller , it 's even embossed !!! I got this on sale for less than ten bones , which is quite a bargain !!! The original B&W transfers are great for movies of these age , and the sounds pretty darn good too , they are mono soundtracks , of course !!! there is even a few nice extras that add value this superb collection of classic comedies !!! Recommended !!! A +
 Then this is a must for your collection , or a good place to begin one .
 What a joy to see these old comedy classics once again . These carfree fun movies are long gone but not forgotten . Anyone who waxes nostalgic for the old classic movies and is looking for an escpae from todays hustle and bustle must check these out !
 a bargain collection of their best -LRB- save `` Rio which should have been packaged with it - perhaps MCA-Universal did not have the rights -RRB- . Enjoy - nothing else needs to be said !
 Bob Hope and Bing Crosby are one of the best comic duos , and these four brilliant works show it so well . I laughed , I sang along , and I laughed again . This is worth owning .
 I loved it . It was also a great deal . I was very happy with my purchase from Amazon . I hope you will be too !
 This is a great set for Road movie fans or someone who wants to sample . It contains four of the best and combined in one package it 's a great price . I find the humor in the series timeless , like the Marx Bros or WC Fields .
 Dorothy Lamour is the film star of my dreams . Sweet and lovely , gentle and kind , greatly talented , humorous and good , that 's the way she seems to me . Her face , her eyes , her form . Unbrassy , unpushy , her voice soft and low -- an excellent thing in woman -- beautiful without being dull , smart without being bossy . If ever there was a woman like that , she was that woman . I ca n't say I 've ever met one , though . And on this disc you get four for the price of one . Bob and Bing were ok , but neither of them deserved her .
 Who does n't love Bob Hope and all his movies ? The thing is , this DVD shows full color movies on the cover with photo clips in color . Unfortunately , the moveis are all in black and white . They should state that .
 Love the Bing Crosby and Bob Hope banter . Dorathy Lamour is sexy . My kids are mad at Bing for tricking Bob out of the girl everytime . `` He 's mean ! `` My disappointment is with DHL delivery . They lost my package before Christmas and I did n't get the delivery for over a week after .
 I bought this for a birthday gift . The DVD arrived quickly and was perfect ... just what my friend wanted .
 This is a fun set of old `` Road To '' movies , perfect for a home library . You can see the progression of the humor as you watch them . This is not for a real collector , though . The movies are good for watching , but the one disc and packaging are economy .
 I now own `` Riders Of Death Valley '' - from the VCI version.It 's great however what I do n't like about VCI . . as in the past . . They show their `` LOGO `` on the screen every 5-mins . I hate it when I purchase a movie they have n't the right to do this.All dvd movies . . I own Do n't show any `` LOGOS `` during the movies.I guess VCI is bragging about . . `` RIDERS '' ! It 's not a bad serial . . but every time . . the bad guys are chasing the good guys thru out the serial.And the good guys are not every out number.But to watch BUCK JONES is worth the money.He is funny , witty & great.Along with Pancho.So I might go ahead and buy this version.In the past . . VCI never shown `` LOGOS `` So why now ?
 I must agree in part about `` Riders of death Valley '' . At the moment I have it only on a double vhs.After Christmas . . I am going to purchase it on dvd.My only negetive thing about this serial is . . it repeats itself over & over.Where it could have been done in 12 chapters . . however I 'm glad it 's 15 chapters.I loved BUCK JONES . . he held up the whole serial with the help of the great LEO CARRILLO.And to have it in Sepria print ... I CA N'T WAIT!I feel a lot of classic westerns . . such as . . HIGH NOON . . had it been filmed in SEPRIA . . it would look more like the real west . . the old color like.But all in all from a one to ten . . Ten being the best.I give this serial -LRB- in sepria -RRB- a BIG TEN !! Looks so good I would think .
 Ah , yes , classic comedy . Bob Hope is probably my favorite comedian of all time & this set showcases his talent . These are the first four Road movies & they 're better than the three that followed . Great fun , nothing deep . This is about the only way I can put up with Crosby . He 's not bad , just not my cup of tea . The DVD is of very good quality & there 's some extras but nothing in depth . What made this so attractive is the price . Four Bob Hope movies at this price is a bonanza . Get 'em !
 My boyfriend got these for me because I loved the first two I watched `` Road to Rio '' and `` Road to Bali '' These are great movies if you like REAL comedy , not comics that use the `` F '' word to get a laugh-and I 'm not offended easily , just do n't find it funny!Bob Hope is my new favorite actor and Bing Crosby is comical as the more subtle `` straight '' man in these movies . I plan on getting other Bob Hope movies soon !! I do wish this had ALL the road movies , even though now I do have them all now except `` Road to Hong Kong '' heard this was the weakest of them , but may have to get it just to have the complete collection .
 First off , the 5 stars are for the serial and not for VCI 's presentation which rates zero . This is one of a handfull of VCI 's serials where their logo pops up here and there . This is shameful and just ruins the viewing experience . I buy DVD 's to get away from logos . Otherwise , the print looks great . But this logo issue leaves you without a choice since the Alpha DVD also uses one . The only way to get a logo-free copy is the VHS which looks pretty bad compared to the VCI DVD .
 a true classic , a joy to watch all 4 . `` they do n't make them like this anymore ''
 I loved this box set . I used to see these on Sunday afternoons nice to be able to see them whenever I like . Great quality .
 These films are no-brainers . Literally.Just check your brain at the door , so-to-speak , and let Hope & Crosby be your guide on a journey to far off fun , chuckles , gags and goofs!Sure it 's full of shtick and predictable pratfalls , but it 's supposed to be!I mean , the whole point of classic comedy is making people laugh at you simply by poking fun at yourself . And the jokes that are scripted are pretty funny , too !!! There 's laughs , guffaws and gams galore in this superb collection of exotic adventure . And speaking of gams , pay attention to the lovely and alluring Lamour who often finds it hard to control her own giggling at Hope and Crosby 's antics!In this day and age of apprehenion , now is the time to , `` Hit The Road '' to fun and laughter .
 Easily the best comedic duo of all time . I 've enjoyed watching Hope and Crosby perform since I was introduced to their movies in the 90 's . This is a must have set of movies packed with physical comedy , witty one liners , and funny nuances of the characters . If you like comedies , even if you do n't watch many classic movies , you need the Road To movies . These are the films that started my love of classic cinema and I am very glad I gave them a shot.I was able to find the other Road To movies in other collections I purchased but these are the best 4 of the series in my opinion .
 The digital reproductions were much clearer than the old VHS tapes I had . was able to jetison the tapes saving shelf space for more DVD 's .
 These road movies are sexy but clean . Funny but smart . Have a plot but stay with musical style . You can show these to your whole family young abd old . Keeps the interest up without a boring moment . I ca n't write a book but I could and all of it positive .
 If you like the Bob Hope and Bing Crosby `` On the Road '' movies , you need this DVD . It includes four great movies . Each are understandably a bit silly , but very entertaining . I enjoyed all of them , and will be watching each one again . I 'm pleased that I purchased this DVD .
 '' ... Singapore '' - 3 - Josh and Ace are through pursing women ; Ace avoids a shotgun wedding and Josh dodges a marriage with a woman with eyes set more on his future inheritance than on him . They escape on a ship to Singapore but get off on Kaigoon , where they rescue a beautiful woman from her cruel dance partner . They take her in and their vow to quit pursing women lasts as long as a New Year 's resolution ... '' ... Zanzibar '' - 4 - Chuck and Fearless are on the run after their death-defying act sets the circus tent on fire . They escape by rail and eventually end up at a port city . Fearless is ready to sail home but Chuck takes their money and buys a worthless deed to a diamond mine and Fearless , in-turn , sells it to some very bad men . They escape by river boat into the interior of Africa where they meet two women who scheme to remove the money from their wallets ... '' ... Morocco '' - 5 - Geoffrey and Orville escape a sinking ship and land in Morocco . They cross the desert to Karameesh . Starving , they order a big meal at a cafe ; one problem
 Paramount Pictures presents `` RIDERS OF THE TIMBERLINE '' -LRB- 17 September 1941 -RRB- -LRB- 54 mins/B & W ;-RRB- -LRB- Fully Restored/Dolby Digitally Remastered -RRB- -- One of the most outstanding series of westerns began in 1935 from Paramount Pictures `` Hopalong Cassidy '' , under the guiding hand of producer Harry `` Pop '' Sherman -- continued well into the '40s proved to be the most successful ` B ' Westerns ever made -- based on Clarence E. Mulford 's stories , they strived in changing Cassidy 's image , which was both original and influential -- the hero , played by William Lawrence Boyd , was mature and a man of his word -- the plots were solid with a sudden burst of climactic action in the last reel , usually a frantic chase backed by tension building music.Under the production staff of : Lesley Selander - DirectorLewis Rachmil - ProducerHarry Sherman - ProducerJ . Benton Cheney - ScreenwriterRussell Harlan - CinematographerGrace Hamilton - Songwriter / Composer -LRB- Music Score -RRB- John Leipold - Composer -LRB- Music Score -RRB- John M. Leopold - Composer -LRB- Music Score -RRB- Jack Stern - Songwriter / Composer -LRB- Music Score -RRB- Irvin Talbot - Musical Direction/Supervision / Composer -LRB- Music Score -RRB- Fred R. Feitshans , Jr. - EditorRalph Berger - Art DirectorOur story line and plot , This time Hoppy and his Bar 20 saddle pals tangle with loggers ... Ed Petrie and his gang of cutthroats are bent on stopping Kerrigan from fulfilling his contract ... Bill Slade advises the Kerrigan loggers to quit ... when Elaine Kerrigan arrives with a new crew ... Hoppy builds an overhead line to transport the logs when the flume is destroyed ... Ed Petrie is convinced he must blow up the dam to stop Hoppy and Jim Kerrigan ... will Hoppy be able to get there in time to stop the explosion ... is there no end to what these evil villains are capable of ... this is one adventure Hoppy fans wo n't want to miss with riders of the timberline ! -- Riders of the Timberline was the 38th entry in the `` Hopalong Cassidy '' western series -- The direction of Riders of the Timberline was in the expert hands of western maestro Lesley Selander.the cast includes : William Boyd ... Hopalong CassidyAndy Clyde ... California CarlsonBrad King ... Johnny NelsonVictor Jory ... Baptiste DeschampEleanor Stewart ... Elaine KerriganJ . Farrell MacDonald ... Jim KerriganAnna Q. Nilsson ... Donna RyanTom Tyler ... Henchman Bill SladeEdward Keane ... Preston YatesWally Wales ... Ed Petrie -LRB- as Hal Taliaferro -RRB- Mickey Eissa ... Larry , Logging Camp ForemanThe Guardsmen Quartet ... Singing lumbermenBIOS :1 . William BoydDate of Birth
 Especially for the price , This purchase was more then perfect . Where else can you get 4 of the most classic Bob Hope/Bing Crosby movies .
 A wonderful and eccentric film ! It 's funny ! It 's excellent ! There 's nothing else like it . If you want to see something like you 've never seen before , you need to see this !
 VCI Entertainment and Universal Pictures present `` Riders of Death Valley '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- -LRB- digitally remastered -RRB- , 15 Chapters of vintage serial loaded with thrilling drama and high adventure sequences featuring heroes and villains Dick Foran , Leo Carrillo , Buck Jones , Charles Bickford , Guinn `` Big Boy '' Williams , Lon Chaney Jr , Noah Beery Jr. . Glenn Strange and Roy Barcroft . . there is a great deal of entertainment here for the cliffhanger fans out there ... It has more of everything with lots of action , hard riding chases and plenty of shootouts ... Universal Pictures publicity department reportedly budgeted one million dollars for `` Riders of Death Valley '' , this was an unheard dollar amount for any B-Western . The `` Riders '' are a group of stout hearted men protecting local miners from the bad guys of the territory ... Jim Benton and Tombstone head up the riders ... at the other end of the story we have a pack of wolves lead by Wolf Reade , Kirby and Davis who control the town and want more , meaning gold and total power ... Benton has part ownership in the `` Lost Aztec Mine '' along with Mary Morgan ... can Benton fight off Wolf Reade and the other hyenas ... each episode gets closer to the answer , watch this and relive those thrilling yesteryears of the Saturday Matinee.Under director 's Ford Beebe and Ray Taylor with screenplay by Sherman Lowe , George H Plympton and Basil Dickey ... the cast include Dick Foran -LRB- Jim Benton -RRB- , Leo Carrillo -LRB- Pancho Lopez -RRB- , Buck Jones -LRB- Tombstone -RRB- , Charles Bickford -LRB- Wolf Reade -RRB- , Guinn `` Big Boy '' Williams -LRB- Borax Bill -RRB- , Lon Chaney Jr -LRB- Butch - Henchman -RRB- , Noah Beery Jr -LRB- Smokey -RRB- , Jean Brooks -LRB- Mary Morgan -RRB- , James Blaine -LRB- Joseph Kirby -RRB- , Monte Blue -LRB- Rance Davis -RRB- , Glenn Strange -LRB- Tex , sidekick toBenton -RRB- , Roy Barcroft -LRB- Dirk - Henchman -RRB- , Jack Rockwell -LRB- Trigger - Henchman -RRB- ... a character veteran actor Edmund Cobb is cast as a good mine foreman who ca n't seem to keep Chaney locked upB-Westerns fans all love and know Leo Carillo who virtually played the same character , better known as Pancho every week in the `` Cisco Kid '' television series ... Dick Foran went on to costar in John Ford westerns ... Glenn Strange played the `` Frankinestein '' monster in various horror films and then became Sam the bartender in the weekly `` Gunsmoke '' television series ... Lon Chaney Jr also went the horror film trail as `` The Wolf Man '' aka Lyle Talbott ... Buck Jones had been around westerns since 1918 would be cast in the `` Rough Rider '' series just prior to his tragic death in 1942 , he was a legend and pioneer in the early B-Westerns ... almost a class reunion of B-Western alumni ... ca n't make a good Western without those veterans ... do n't miss one single episode that will keep you thrilled until the next chapter the following week.CHAPTER TITLES
 If you do n't like classic comedy , you 're not going to like this either . But for me , this is my first stop when I need to take a break from the Marx Brothers -LRB- who I watch way too much -RRB- . These films are exhibit A for Bob Hope 's comedic talents , and Bing 's cooler than you or I will ever be . Plus with Bing around , I 'm actually happy to listen when the songs come , which is not the case for most 30 's and 40 's Hollywood films . Morocco is my favorite , but any of these four films can brighten a dark day . There are a few decent extras on this set , and for $ 20 it 's a steal . If you 're willing to watch a comedy made before `` Animal House , '' you should go ahead and take the plunge into Hope and Crosby 's world .
 Wow ! The first four Hope and Crosby road pics on one DVD ! What can you say ? The first two , ROAD TO SINGAPORE and ROAD TO ZANZIBAR -LRB- though still funny -RRB- are still trying to flesh out the chemistry of the duo and the two actors adhere to the scripts . Then , they hit their stride of hilarity and break out in ROAD TO MORROCCO and continues in ROAD TO UTOPIA . However , in ROAD TO ZANZIBAR evidence of what is to come in Hope and Crosby 's future pairings comes near the end of the film . The two are captured by cannibals in Africa and are tested to see if they are gods -LRB- sort of a variation of THE MAN WHO WOULD BE KING -RRB- . Hope 's character is forced to wrestle a gorilla in a caged match . This is very funny as Hope shows his ability for physical comedy . Then , the climax is when they are about to be literally cooked for dinner . They use their patented `` patty-cake '' routine to escape from the cannibals . This is even more hilarious than the gorilla scene . Then , in ROAD TO MOROCCO , the famous ad-libbing and rapid fire delivery of dialogue is apparent and the film is zany from beginning to end as the duo are involved with a Moroccan Princess -LRB- Dorothy Lamour -RRB- and an angry Shiek -LRB- Anthony Quinn -RRB- . Then , in ROAD TO UTOPIA the two go to Alaska for the gold rush and get involved in a case of mistaken identity . Overall , the four films showcase one of the great pairings in the history of entertainment and some of the funniest and successful film franchises . The DVD package has little extras except for a couple of sing-along features and liner notes , but having the four films on one disc at a price lower than some other collection discs is worth it .
 This collection of the first four Road pictures is well worth having . The picture quality is excellent and all four films are loaded on one double-sided disc . But where are the remaining three Road pictures ? This would have made the ultimate Road collection . Disappointing .
 I looked for the Road To movies a few years back with no luck . I checked back recently , and was pleased to find this collection of the first four - and , arguably , the best four - films in the series . The package is nice , and the movies are on one double-sided DVD , which is a nice change from the unnecessarily disc-heavy sets we see so often . The transfer of the movies is n't perfect , but they 're old , and it 's still fantastic in both sound and picture . All four movies are wonderful , though Road To Singapore is a bit slow in coming off the ground . Hope and Crosby are revered as one of the best comedy duos of all time , and this set proves why . I 'm young , and I love these movies . They 're great fun for all ages , and I highly recommend getting them . Especially for that price !
 In the last couple of years I have started to really appreciate the talent of Hope and Crosby . These movies are very funny and they do stand the test of time . You just have to give them a chance . It 's not a modern Seinfeld or Chappell type humor , but it is deeply funny and influential . For example , Woody Allen has stated he was influenced by Bob Hope . If you watch these movies and then some of Allen 's early movies you 'll see that Allen `` almost '' mimics Hope . I am really suprised that so few people have reviewed this set .
 An earlier review by `` Mr. Jim '' expresses my same views on RIDERS OF DEATH VALLEY . It is one of the finest serials , certainly the finest Western serial , ever made . Released by Universal , reputedly in sepia tone and costing one million dollars to make , and featuring one of the finest casts to be corraled by any studio at the time , RIDERS OF DEATH VALLEY will offer just about any viewer thrills , chills , and spills ... amidst magnificent scenery and great camera work . VCI has obtained an immaculate print , sharp and clean , and the soundtrack is fine . With such familiars as Dick Foran , Buck Jones , Charles Bickford , Leo Carrillo , Noah Beery Jr. , Guinn `` Big Boy '' Williams , Glenn Strange , Roy Barcroft , Monte Blue , Ethan Laidlaw , and a host of other stalwarts ridin ' and shootin ' , well , this is the kind of entertainment that wo n't let you down . VCI has attractively packaged this release , with all sorts of extras , including cast bios ' . The price is right , and this release is highly recommended . Our thanks again to VCI for a superior product at a reasonable price ...
 VCI Entertainment and Universal Pictures present `` Riders of Death Valley '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- -LRB- digitally remastered -RRB- , 15 Chapters of vintage serial loaded with thrilling drama and high adventure sequences featuring heroes and villains Dick Foran , Leo Carrillo , Buck Jones , Charles Bickford , Guinn `` Big Boy '' Williams , Lon Chaney Jr , Noah Beery Jr. . Glenn Strange and Roy Barcroft . . there is a great deal of entertainment here for the cliffhanger fans out there ... It has more of everything with lots of action , hard riding chases and plenty of shootouts ... Universal Pictures publicity department reportedly budgeted one million dollars for `` Riders of Death Valley '' , this was an unheard dollar amount for any B-Western . The `` Riders '' are a group of stout hearted men protecting local miners from the bad guys of the territory ... Jim Benton and Tombstone head up the riders ... at the other end of the story we have a pack of wolves lead by Wolf Reade , Kirby and Davis who control the town and want more , meaning gold and total power ... Benton has part ownership in the `` Lost Aztec Mine '' along with Mary Morgan ... can Benton fight off Wolf Reade and the other hyenas ... each episode gets closer to the answer , watch this and relive those thrilling yesteryears of the Saturday Matinee.Under director 's Ford Beebe and Ray Taylor with screenplay by Sherman Lowe , George H Plympton and Basil Dickey ... the cast include Dick Foran -LRB- Jim Benton -RRB- , Leo Carrillo -LRB- Pancho Lopez -RRB- , Buck Jones -LRB- Tombstone -RRB- , Charles Bickford -LRB- Wolf Reade -RRB- , Guinn `` Big Boy '' Williams -LRB- Borax Bill -RRB- , Lon Chaney Jr -LRB- Butch - Henchman -RRB- , Noah Beery Jr -LRB- Smokey -RRB- , Jean Brooks -LRB- Mary Morgan -RRB- , James Blaine -LRB- Joseph Kirby -RRB- , Monte Blue -LRB- Rance Davis -RRB- , Glenn Strange -LRB- Tex , sidekick toBenton -RRB- , Roy Barcroft -LRB- Dirk - Henchman -RRB- , Jack Rockwell -LRB- Trigger - Henchman -RRB- ... a character veteran actor Edmund Cobb is cast as a good mine foreman who ca n't seem to keep Chaney locked upB-Westerns fans all love and know Leo Carillo who virtually played the same character , better known as Pancho every week in the `` Cisco Kid '' television series ... Dick Foran went on to costar in John Ford westerns ... Glenn Strange played the `` Frankinestein '' monster in various horror films and then became Sam the bartender in the weekly `` Gunsmoke '' television series ... Lon Chaney Jr also went the horror film trail as `` The Wolf Man '' aka Lyle Talbott ... Buck Jones had been around westerns since 1918 would be cast in the `` Rough Rider '' series just prior to his tragic death in 1942 , he was a legend and pioneer in the early B-Westerns ... almost a class reunion of B-Western alumni ... ca n't make a good Western without those veterans ... do n't miss one single episode that will keep you thrilled until the next chapter the following week.CHAPTER TITLES
 Including four of the seven films in the series , `` On the Road with Bob Hope and Bing Crosby '' is a collection that I 'm proud to own . The Bob Hope and Bing Crosby `` Road '' movies are a set of classic comedy musicals that are pointless but funny ! This can only be appreciated by someone who understands the relationship between Hope and Crosby and the jokes that apply to the era . A great collection for the Hope , Crosby , or Lamour fan .
 For you young whippersnappers who have never seen a Hope-Crosby `` Road '' picture , there 's a reason these are considered to be classics . No one has ever done a better `` buddy '' movie . NOBODY . While many of the gags will only resonate with those old enough to get the topical references , there are plenty of timeless jokes that will make people of any age laugh . The chemistry between Hope , Crosby and Lamour is perfect and watching these films you ca n't help but wish you had such friends to go on the `` Road '' with . My only gripes with this collection is that all 4 films are on one double-sided disc -LRB- I prefer separate discs -RRB- ; there are no commentaries or interviews in the special features ; and of course , like all Hope-Crosby fans , I wish all 7 `` Road Pictures '' were fully restored and available in one collector set . Maybe someday ...
 I do n't know that Gene Autry ever made a strickly western western , mostly they are musical entertainments with a western background . Saw this movie recently on Encore Westerns and enjoyed every musical moment.Between Gene and his sidekick Smiley the humor and music are up to par , and with Mary Lee things as usual are very good . She was one sensational gal who could take even a clunker of a song and make it sound good , and she is served up a couple of lesser songs in this movie . The tap dancing of Carol Adams is something different to an Autry venue and it is also very good.The combination of plot and riverboat minstrel show are a sure bet to entertain for the 75 minute movie . The bad guys are bank robbers and though they do murder a couple people , the violence is almost non existent and typical to a late 30 's - early 40 's movie , the bad guys are fairly 2nd rate mobsters . Pretty good shoot out near the end of the movie , too.Great viewing for us Autry fans . Others may not be so keen for the movie but it remains a very entertaining movie never-the-less . `` Champ and I are ready for action `` Semper Fi .
 This collection of the first four Road movies is a great release . These movies still hold up quite well and are still very funny . The road to Utopia is my favorite but the other three included are also good . I am a big fan of Dorothy Lamour and she definitely shines in these films . This is some of her most memorable work and a must have for Lamour fans . There might not be many bells and whistles with this set but for such a good price and seeing as how you get four movies it 's well worth it .
 Republic Pictures present `` RIDIN ON A RAINBOW '' -LRB- 24 January 1941 -RRB- -LRB- 75 mins/B & W ;-RRB- -LRB- Fully Restored/Dolby Digitally Remastered -RRB- -- relive those thrilling days when the `` First Singing Cowboy '' Gene Autry took us down the dusty trails with hard riding and straight shooting hitting the bull 's eye with excitement every time -- the Gene Autry series of B-Westerns were a staple of Saturday matinees in the 1930s and 1940s -- The Following Segments are from the `` Melody Ranch Theater '' , which originally aired on the Nashville Network in 1987 -- Hosted by Gene and longtime sidekick Pat Buttram the program showcased many of Gene 's classic motion pictures and featured personal anecdotes about how the films were made -- Information on costars and significant happenings in Gene 's personal life and career . -- do n't miss any of the Singing Cowboy 's features loaded with action and songs that will leave you wanting more of Gene Autry 's B-Western Adventures -- The sale of this DVD will further the educational and cultural mission of the renowned `` Autry National Center in Los Angeles '' . Under Lew Landers -LRB- Director -RRB- , Harry Grey -LRB- Producer -RRB- , Doris Malloy -LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- , Bradford Ropes -LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- , William Nobles -LRB- Cinematographer -RRB- , Gene Autry -LRB- Composer -LRB- Music Score -RRB- / Songwriter -RRB- , Don George -LRB- Songwriter -RRB- , Teddy Hall -LRB- Songwriter -RRB- , Jean Herbert -LRB- Songwriter -RRB- , Raoul Kraushaar -LRB- Musical Direction/Supervision -RRB- , Mary Lee -LRB- Songwriter -RRB- , Sol Meyer -LRB- Songwriter -RRB- , Fred Rose -LRB- Composer -LRB- Music Score -RRB- , Tony Martinelli -LRB- Editor -RRB- - - - - - - Our story line and plot has Autry and `` Frog '' holded up in a showboat trying to discover who robbed the bank with all their money in it -- the girl singer -LRB- Lee , enchanting as usual -RRB- whose father helped the robbers is their only lead , and she 's reluctant to help -- some fairly authentic showboat sets liven things up with the usual chases and fistfights -- some wonderful tunes `` HUNKY DUNKY DORY '' -LRB- Gene Autry , Smiley Burnette and Extras -RRB- , `` SING A SONG OF LAUGHTER '' -LRB- Mary Lee and Extras -RRB- , `` WHAT 'S YOUR FAVORITE HOLIDAY '' -LRB- Mary Lee and Extras -RRB- , `` BE HONEST WITH ME '' -LRB- Gene Autry -RRB- , `` STEAMBOAT BILL '' -LRB- Gene Autry and Smiley Burnette -RRB- , `` RIDIN ' ON A RAINBOW '' -LRB- Gene Autry -RRB- , `` CARRY ME BACK TO THE LONE PRAIRIE '' -LRB- Gene Autry and Mary Lee -RRB- . `` I 'M THE ONLY LONELY ONE '' -LRB- Mary Lee -RRB- , `` RIDIN ' ON A RAINBOW '' -LRB- Gene Autry and Cast -RRB- - - - - - - some Autry fun facts , When he was a young man , Gene received an offer from a professional baseball team to become a player . Gene turned down the offer because it would have meant a fifty-dollar-a-month pay cut from his telegrapher 's job.the cast includesGene Autry ... Gene AutrySmiley Burnette ... FrogMary Lee ... Patsy EvansCarol Adams ... Sally BartlettFerris Taylor ... Captain Lige BartlettGeorgia Caine ... Mariah BartlettByron Foulger ... Pop EvansRalf Harolde ... Bank robberJimmy Conlin ... JoeGuy Usher ... Sheriff Jim MasonAnthony Warde ... Bank robberForrest Taylor ... Rancher JeffBurr Caruth ... Banker Eben CarterEd Cassidy ... RancherTom London ... Rancher HarrisHal Price ... Man who has car takenSlim Whitaker ... Man who shows Pop to roomBIOS :1 . Gene AutryDate of Birth
 Hope and Crosby are excellent in the first of the `` Road '' pictures . The plot is a bit thin , but the dialogue , slapstick fight scenes , and music are very good .
 Nostalgia overload . I remember watching these movies when I was a child with my mother , who has since passed away . I think of her whenever I watch them . I can not believe how the humour has stayed so funny after all these years . I think children of today would find them just as much fun as I did .
 Awesome . Bob hope a real comedian ! Bing can sing . And Dorothy well you know . All in all a great well worth watching vintage flick .
 The Hal Roach edition from Image is the only option I would advise getting . There were no real issues with this release . The print shows it age with white specks and lines , but no splices . The volume is a bit low .
 My husband asked for a Bob Hope movie for his 57th birthday , so my daughter bought him this collection . I think through the golden lens of time he was remembering unparalelled hilarity . I was expecting him to be in stitches , but barely a chuckle came forth ! If anything , we were in awe of the youthfulness of Bob Hope ! I think it was a stark reminder of how old we are now , and that had a sobering effect on my husband . I laughed aloud however , and marvelled at how sleek , slim and glamorous the stars were back then . The plots are simple and contrived , with a lot of slapstick and this collection is a fascinating look backwards . It is a refreshing genre and I 'll take this any day over most of what passes as comedy these days . I laughed quite a bit . My 14 year old daughter was bewildered . She loves Barney Fife , Dick Van Dyke , and Bewitched , but this is going a bit far back for her taste .
 Good music if you like this type of music . Purchased for mother in law as it is her taste in tunes . Not my style but not bad .
 I have always enjoyed watching F/X 1 & 2 . I like the actors and the special effects .
 This adventure is a continuation of FX and has the same characters , but it can be viewed and enjoyed without having seen FX . The film is filled with clever amusing gadgets , much more and cleverer than are found in a James Bond movie . As in FX , Bryan Brown is talked into helping the police by using his technical skills , but as in the first film , he is being duped . He is hired to dress his friend , a police officer , as a woman to draw a rapist to him/her for capture . However , as in the first film , his well developed plan goes wrong and his friend is knifed from behind . His friend 's boss claims the murderer is a man who came to rape the woman and he shot the man . However , Brown set up a camera to film the event and saw that another man was the killer . He realizes that he has become mixed up with dirty cops . He needs to understand why his friend was set up to be murdered ? Why he was asked to participate ? Why the true murderer is being covered up ? What are the dirty cops trying to get ? He calls Brian Dennehy , who helped him in FX , and the two unravel the mystery.Viewers will enjoy watching Brown trying to escape the killer in several separate long scenes where there are exiting and clever chases . They will also enjoy Dennehy using his charm to obtain information .
 Love the actors and the plot for this and FX . Needed to get a DVD . We enjoy the movies so much .
 I must have purchased this as a gift for someone else . It is not a move I would have purchased for myself .
 My husband and I have watched this movie over and over for years . it 's one of our favorite 's . I love the effects in this movie . Bryan Brown does an amazing job on this . if you watch this movie and really like it ! I 'd also highly recomend you watch the first one -LRB- F/X -RRB- I would recomend this to any one who is looking for just a good movie to watch .
 I have never ordered this . I am sure it is good , cause I saw the 1st FX movie . It is one movie that you can not leave unless you put it on pause .
 It 's not often we see a sequel that excels the original , but F/X 2 is impressive in accomplishing just that . In this version , Brown has left the film world to work on special effects for himself . He 's into toys this time , and Bluey , his remote robot is a prize ! Again , the Mafia is involved in the story development , this time over a set of gold coins stolen from a Vatican art exhibit years ago . Brown 's again co-opted by corrupt cops -LSB- what an enduring theme ! -RSB- and again he 's on the run . This time , Dennehy extends his ` good cop ' role from the first F/X in coming to Rollie 's aid.Unlike the first film , F/X 2 raises Brian Dennehy 's participation significantly , giving him many opportunities to engage in droll wit . He manages the role with style and honesty . The exchanges with Joanna Gleason as the Ass ' t DA are quality Dennehy . Gleason herself adds a lustre to the film , providing an engaging contrast to Rachel Ticotin 's role as Tyler 's girl friend.F / X 2 , likes it predecessor , is a timeless film . The repeated themes of corrupt cops and Mafia intrigues does n't make this film boring . Quite the opposite , showing how prevalent and wide ranging their activities can be , both for good as well as sinister reasons . This film is worth a place in your inventory , if for no other reason than Brown 's performance . He 's a quality actor when given the opportunity - and this film was an even better expression of his worth than the original .
 I watched both `` F/X '' films at the same time and was surprised that the second one holds up better than the first . This movie has a raffish charm , like Hitchcock in his playful `` To Catch a Thief '' mode . Highly recommended .
 Ah , the return of the characters from the first movie . KEWL.This sequel is well done , and more enjoyable to me than the first one . ` Course , I like Brian Dennehy ... and the mix of the two men works very well , once again.Plenty of action , suspense , and , once again , triumph !
 This movie 's villian , Cylack , was brilliant . Also , who can forget the moving scene where Neely elicits the location of the medalions from the dying con ? This scene was brilliantly acted , full of emotion and pathos . In short , the villians Cylack and Neely made this movie superb .
 This sequel is every bit as good as the original F/X . The mob has stolen gold coins that it is trying to return to the Vatican . Rollie the F/X specialist screws thing up by stealing the coins from the mob . I love this film as much as I did the first one . The story twists and turns and how the two partners return the coins is believable . I highly recommend this movie .
 F/X 2 is a great ingenious film with plot and action ! F/X 2 stars Brian Brown and Brian Dennehy as Rollie Tyler and Leo McCarthy and they are together for one last adventure to stop Mob from stealing gold Medilians from Vadican embassy in intaly!Great film ! Very inventive and well thought out ! I Like this movie despite what the movie critics thought about this fim in 1991 ! I wish there was an F/X 3 but unfortunatly that did n't happen . Despite what others say the movie great and is better then the original movie from 1986 . Go find it ! It 's great movie !
 F/X 2 - The Deadly Art of Illusion Arrived on time and video was just as described . A good buy
 I always liked this movie . I originally had it on Laser Disk . I am into special effects and trying to figure out how things are done in the movies . This movie concentrates on the behind the scenes guys which you never hear much of except in the final credits . The company I purchased the DVD from was very quick to send it and I received it here at my APO in Germany within 2 weeks of ordering . 2 Weeks is a normal time for packages from the States .
 This is a seriously underrated film , and one which is well worth your time . A group of disparate characters sign up for one of those `` Outward Bound '' type classes , and learn that survival in the wilderness is not about who can get to the top of the heap and win the money , but about who you can rely on to help you stay alive.I love this one . The scenery is incredibly beautiful , and Lance Henriksen plays one of the good guys . Watch for Dermot Mulroney - who met his future wife , Catherine Keener , on this film - looking young and vulnerable as a young punk set on the paths of righteousness by Lance 's character . Look for Mark Rolston who played Drake in Aliens as the paranoid leader of the rival survival school . `` They have n't dropped the bomb ... yet . '' Lots of fun and a nice antidote to all those highly questionable `` real world '' shows .
 I first checked this film out many years ago because of Lance Henricksen . He 's a fine , under-appreciated actor . And very good here as ` mountain man ' Hank Chambers , head of the wilderness survival program . But it is a very young Dermot Mulroney that steals the show . He portrays a jailed delinquent being put through camp for rehabilitation purposes . Each character that signs up for the course has their own set of quirks and vague backstories . The clash between the wilderness trainees and the military group is the center of the story that sets in motion the campers need to implement their fresh training in order to save themselves ... There are the sterotypical characters commonly found in films with the ` let 's work as a team ' theme . And there is some ` hammy ' dialogue , esp . at the end but it is over all a really good little movie . There is humor and action and some nice character development and good performances . For the behind the scenes info - it was on set of this film that Dermot Mulroney met costar Catherine Keener , to whom he has been married for about 17 years . Do n't go into this film expecting `` Demolition Man '' or `` Die Hard '' type action . See it as a character driven indie film then you 'll appreciate it much more .
 This is a jewel of a movie from 1989 . It is high on drama , action & has some great characters that you can really relate too . You really root for them through the whole movie . LANCE HENRIKSEN stars as the leader of the survival camp/guru & is great as always . DERMOT MULRONEY has a supporting role as a young con looking for redemption .
 This is not a first rate action film , but more of a fun , low budget 80 's flick directed by cult fave Don Coscarelli -LRB- Phantasm -RRB- . A young Lance Henrickson adds weight to the quest , but some of the acting goes right along with the budget . Coscarelli does prove that he is a resourceful director as he did with Beastmaster . He also continues to show his sense of fun with the characters . Survival Quest is under rated and is enjoyable .
 Another early Lance Henriksen movie.It is one of his best from that time period that was n't a horror movie.I could really relate to it and to Lance 's character , Hank!I give it two thumbs up !
 This is a gem that has slipped by many people including myself until recently when I rented it . I have always enjoyed survival movies but this one ranks among some of the best I have seen and yet word of mouth has not given it the credit due . To be honest I am not a big fan of the other movies advertised with it includingPhantasm . In fact I was prepared to shut off the movie based on the pre-movie trailers as I thought it might be a gorefest . I was glad I gave it a chance as Lance Henriksen and the rest the cast do a great job in this survival adventure . A small group signs on for a survival trek into the wilderness at the same time a paramilitary group is conducting drills with weapons . When the two groups clash things get dicey since the survivalist do n't have weapons and must rely on each other to make it out alive . There are some injuries but the bloodletting is minimal and done well . Realistically handled it does n't stretch outside the realm of believability . I am not sure why the R rating as only one short bare breasts scene and a little violence does n't seem to warrant that rating to me . If you enjoy survival movies or adventures I recommend you give it a chance . If you enjoyed this be sure to catchThe River Wild.CA Luster
 Don Mckay is an indie film that was only shown in seven theaters nationwide , but it 's actually a good watch on DVD . What sets this film apart from other low-budget projects is that it features a great cast of veteran actors.The movie starts off as a thriller with a slow fuse , with the film evolving into a black comedy in the final half hour . While Don Mckay is n't as well-written or interesting as a Coen Brothers film , it scores points for throwing the audience curveballs . I thought the story was obvious and predictable , until the conclusion approached . There 's simply no way that you can predict how the story will unfold or conclude.The best part of Don Mckay is the cast . Elisabeth Shue is gorgeous as Sonny , Don Mckay 's old girlfriend who conveniently wears seductive sleepwear for most of the movie -LRB- I 'm not complaining -RRB- . Keith David -LRB- the Imam in Pitch Black -RRB- gives a nice performance as Mckay 's buddy Otis Kent , though he unfortunately does n't get much screen time . The movie is also rounded out with performances by veteran actors Pruitt Taylor Vince , M. Emmet Walsh , and James Rebhorn . The standout performance in the movie is by Melissa Leo -LRB- Frozen River -RRB- , who is spectacular as Marie , Sonny 's caregiver . I was a bit disappointed by Thomas Haden Church 's performance in the lead role . It may have been intentional for Mckay to be a shell of a man , but Church has the same expression on his face for almost the entire movie . Also , the cinematography by first-time director Jake Goldberger is decent , and I enjoyed the film score by Steven Bramson.While Don Mckay is basically a straight-to-video movie , it 's much better than your typical Redbox rental . It wo n't have you on the edge of your seat the whole time , but it still offers a great cast and an unpredictable ending .
 Offbeat ? Absolutely . Quality acting ? No doubt . Active attention required ? Yes . This is not the type of movie you kick back and mindlessly enjoy while texting on your cell phone . `` Don McKay '' requires your attention . I thought it was worth the effort .
 Fascinating , strange , unpredicatable , at times funny ; clever , artistic ; great acting , directing , and cinematography . Do n't make a big deal of my comparison with Twin Peaks , and do n't judge it by comparing it to Twin Peaks . But if you liked Twin Peaks , you might like this movie . I loved it .
 I had time to kill and I 'm glad don McKay did n't waste it.this was an odd film , but I 'm a fan of thomas Haden Church that I had to check it out.I was not disappointed.though it was a slow beginning , the actors kept me interested in what the heck was going on.I was truly entwined in what could be a love story , what should have been a simple murder plot , and what was supposed to be a by the book thriller.But this movie was none of that and for that , I applaud Don McKay for being my secret movie that was really good for the first of the year .
 I liked the movie . It is not a fast moving plot , but you are constantly trying to figure out what is going on because things do n't add up . You know something is afoot , but the reason is not clear . I like the fact that the movie characters are not super heroes , but more real life and kind of sad people . The ending is a bit lame , but I was thoroughly entertained and thought it was definitely worth watching .
 It 's always nice to see Elisabeth Shue , my favorite actress.Very interesting film , once I started watching I could n't turn it off .
 I like a good thriller and this one really kept me focused.I would reccomand to everybody.I liked it .
 Unlike most of the movies regarding affairs , this one is about a young guy and an older woman who is unfaithful to her husband . For a chance we see the opposite in the drama , where 80 % of the movies that involve affair is from the guy 's side.I think is a good movie , actin and quality are ok . I recommend it , no douth ! * Sponsored post
 THIS WAS A VERY SEXY MOVIE . RODNEY SCOTT PLAYED THE YOUNG LOVER IN THIS MOVIE OF AN OLDER WOMAN WHO JUST WAS NOT BEING SATISFIED BY HER HUSBAND . RODNEY SCOTT PLAYED ON DAWSON 'S CREEK , THE YOUNG AMERICANS AND A PARTRIDGE FAMILY REMAKE . HOPE HE HAS MORE MOVIES AS HE IS A VERY TALENTED AND CLEAN CUT ACTOR NOT LIKE SO MANY OF THE UNSHAVEN AND UNKEPT ACTORS THAT PREVAIL TODAY . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE HIGHLY AND ANY OTHER THAT THIS ACTOR TAKES PART IN .
 While obviously shot on a limited budget , the director and cast make good use of the material they have . I was very engaged , and I am a huge zombie flick fan , although it should be noted I tend toward those flicks with equal amount plot and blood . Which this movie , most impressively , had . The low budget contributed to the `` real '' feel of the scenes ... I felt as if I were watching a home movie of a zombie invasion . VERY well done ... SURPRISINGLY GOOD ... yes , you are left hanging , and hey , leave 'em wanting more ! Well done by all . Must be seen , zombie lovers .
 my husband and i read and watch military history because we deem it crucial to the survival of the republic . our kids are not old enough to understand it , though . not yet . this one is a great introduction . no gore . no jingoism . just honest to God heroes and their families . and , we can tell you , 100 % accurate .
 The film starts out rather clumsily when Catherine O'Hara arrives at the studio set , greeted by a young toll-gate worker . The scene is awkward , as are some of the other scenes . But what else lies in the video are great , hysterical scenes . Eugene Levy as a scattered , cell-phone-hugging agent who lacks concern for his star client -LRB- Harry Shearer -RRB- , and John Michael Higgins , who is absolutely unrecognizable during his first five minutes onscreen as a pushy-yet-insecure PR man who looks like a `` guest actor '' from the `` Love Boat '' TV series . Guest has very minimal screentime , but Fred Willard makes up for the lack of the director 's appearance with his character 's wonderful rambling and slightly self-absorbed demeanor . Check out the weather girl character with the `` monkey '' friend . The movie playfully makes fun of Hollywood , small films , the Oscars , moviegoers and , in a way , all of us , with a gentle , harmless smirk.The DVD 's outtakes , especially with the `` Monkey '' girl , are outrageous . -LRB- Who is that actress ? She is the funniest actress alive ! -RRB- All in all , a B + movie with three or four C - moments . The movie is worth it if you 're a Guest/Levy fan , or a fan of any of the other actors . Just do n't expect it to be better than `` Best in Show , '' `` Waiting for Guffman '' or `` This Is Spinal Tap . '' It 's fun , goofy , but not earth-shaking . Peace
 They 're getting better with age ! I own all of the Guest films starting with Spinal Tap and I loved For Your Consideration as much as all the other films . I am surprised at all the `` disappointed '' reviews . But I suppose that comes with such high expectations . Guest , Levy , O'Hara , McKean and the gang have set an extremely high bar for themselves . If anything , they have become so skilled at complete character embodiment that this film is not only hilarious is more ` human ' than all the others . There is pathos and poignancy here and even -LRB- gasp -RRB- drama ! It is the most subtle of Guest 's comedies ... but it is still most definitely a comedy . If the negative reviews having you questioning whether or not you will enjoy this film ... let me remind you of the very first time you ever watched a Guest/Levy film . Try not to go in with the bias of having loved all his other films . The talent and humor are here for your consideration .
 when i found out that christopher guest was finally doing a new movie i was soo excited . i loved waiting for guffman and best in show . i really wanted to see this movie as i do n't know when the next chance to see one of these great movie 's in theatre 's will be . i wanted to go see the movie and i got a group of friends together to go see it . i was a little nervous because my friends had not seen any of the other guest movie 's , and i was n't sure if they would appreciate the dry subtle humor . so we went to the theatre and it turns out my friends are smarter than i had thought . they loved it . we all loved and understood the movie and it even made it funnier because they were there to enjoy it with me . now when i see my one friend he asks me when we 're going to watch best in show or waiting for guffman . finally they can understand what i 'm talking about . when it came out on dvd i watched it again and it was n't as funny watching it alone . for those of you who do n't like the movie , i suggest watching it with open-minded people . if they can understand the humor , it 'll make it so much better to have people to laugh with .
 While this was not quite as good as Best In Show , it stillwas very good and I would recommend it to others !
 After reading quite a few disappointing reviews of this film , I felt less and less in a hurry to go and see it , even though I am a big Christopher Guest fan . But boy , am I glad I finally did buy a copy ! Even if it feels a bit sketchy in places , every scene is a joy to watch , and the outtakes on the DVD are easily as good as anything that did make the final cut . Christopher Guest generously gives each member of his wonderful cast at least one scene to shine , and shine they do . Much has been said about Catherine O'Hara 's performance , and she IS wonderful , both heartbreaking and hilarious as the character actress who gets bitten by the Oscar-bug . Fred Willard and the wonderful Jane Lynch are absolutely hysterical as the morning-tv show hosts from hell , who are n't that far away from anything we actually see on tv every day . As with all good satire , it feels like you are watching a documentary . When you see Catherine O'Hara 's character watching the oscar nominees being read out on tv , waiting for her own name to be mentioned , you realise
 To date , my favorite among Christopher Guest 's projects is `` Best In Show . '' I had seen `` Waiting for Guffman '' which is also good . And I finally got a chance to see `` Spinal Tap '' directed by Rob Reiner but which features the majority of Guest 's ensemble cast . While it was okay , it certainly was n't all that . `` A Mighty Wind '' is probably my least favorite though it had its moments.Nonetheless , his stalwart ensemble cast is quite simply flawless and most of the regulars return to make `` For Your Consideration '' quite a funny send-up . The standout performances here are undoubtedly Catherine O'Hara & Fred Willard . While Catherine is most funny , there are some very tender and very poignant aspects of this performance that really kinda grab you . Fred Willard who plays the jerk reporter , extraordinare to perfection is actually sorely needed here - I could not imagine how the flow of the film might have fared had he not been.Watching the transformation of personalities as a result of an internet RUMOR makes for some delicious fun - the cast appears to be having a blast as well.If you are indeed a fan of Christopher Guest and his projects , this will not disappoint in the least.Definitely recommend !
 Christopher Guest has vowed not to make any more mockumentaries . Well , that 's technically true
 Here is where `` For Your Consideration '' falls :1 . Best in Show2 . A Mighty Wind3 . Waiting for Guffman4 . Spinal Tap5 . For Your Consideration.Yes , its last . I would have liked to see more length and depth . It was great to see Harry Shearer get more time -LRB- a la a Mighty Wind -RRB- , the Fred Willard schtick is always great , and Catherine O'Hara is fabulous . But even Guest shorted himself in this one . Its difficult to put my finger on it , but FYC did n't seem as freewheeling , loose , and spontaneous as the other ones.FYC , like the others , featured characterizations that were so over the top , it was difficult at first to even identify the actors ! Jane Lynch , Coolidge , Larry Miller , John Higgins , etc. , took me a moment or to even recognize them!But the most important thing is that Christopher Guest keeps working and putting out these fantastic pieces of art , that to me , are some of those very special little things I call the joys of life . So you see , this one may be fifth , but since anything starring `` Christopher 's Crew '' is near the top of the heap of hundreds/thousands of other movies , they all get five stars.Another example of this phenomenon would be Van Gogh , who may have had an off-night or two , -LRB- gas , indigestion , or perhaps a little preoccupied -RRB- but even those pieces still fetch a few -LRB- gazillion -RRB- dollars , eh?Chris , if you 're watching , keep working ... PLEASE ! Keep `` mockumenarizing ! '' I 've even got some suggestions ; local news broadcasting , home improvement shows , weather reporting , stand-up comedy , and talk shows , etc. etc. . See ? There is too much pomposity , too much insincerety , and way to many foibles out there for you to stop now . Go forth and conquer . Now ! -LRB- Please . -RRB-
 It can be easy to review a film -LRB- or any media -RRB- based on what you 've expected from an artist 's previous work . To do so can cause one to miss out on what makes a work of art unique . To pan `` For Your Consideration '' beacuse it 's not like Guest 's other work is to miss the point of why he -LRB- or anyone -RRB- makes films . `` For Your Consideration '' does move away from the pure comedy we 're used to in Guest 's previous stories -LRB- although he hints at some pathos in `` A Mighty WInd '' -RRB- . There 's plenty to laugh at here , but I 'm in no way disappointed that he made me stop and take a hard look at myself and at the culture I 'm a part of in this film . He does n't owe me a bucket of chuckles in every minute of every film he makes . I was quite surprised at where this film takes the viewer emotionally . However , it only works if said viewer is willing to go there ... Having stated that , what I enjoy and revel in in his films are the deep characters portrayed in them . They make us cringe because we know people like these in our own lives . These rich characters are here in plenty in this film , and my wife and I found ourselves grinning as we recognized faces of actors we thought we knew portraying NEW people that we both loved and wanted to mock but could n't because they were too real , and yes , a bit sad . A bit of American Idol auditions without the glitz , packaging and over-the-top commentary from the judges.I dunno . Decide for yourself . Let the movie , not your expectation , speak for itself .
 Bad news , good news . Bad news first
 Christopher Guest has vowed not to make any more mockumentaries . Well , that 's technically true
 I decided to read the reviews of this film on Amazon before I purchased it . I was very surprised at how many reviews were three stars and below , some with quite negative comments . It made me seriously consider whether to purchase the DVD or not . Then I began to realize that many of the negative comments I was reading were not enough to make me not want to see the film.I purchased it and am glad I did because I thoroughly enjoyed this film . Why should we expect each film made in this manner by this group of people to be exactly like all the others ? Each and every one of the Christopher Guest improv method films has been a complete stand alone . The subject matter has all been loosely related to showmanship , but each has been approached from a different angle . I felt that this movie dealt with a much deeper subject than the others and therefore had many more serious aspects but that just made it different , not bad . Those characters each reacted to their possible huge career change in very different ways . Even if the movie was not hilariously funny I still found it fascinating to watch each character evolve into a completely different person just because of all the hype surrounding an Oscar nomination.I wanted to own this film and I 'm glad I went ahead and bought it . Others may want to rent it first before investing in their own copy . Either way , please consider watching this film . I was absolutely fascinated when I watched it for the second time while listening to Guest and Levy describe each scene and the actors involved . This feature alone gives so very much insight into the inner working of the film . I do volunteer work at a very small community theatre and I can really imagine this scenario playing out within my own tiny sphere of the arts world . An actors ego is always precariously balanced on a razors edge . They want , they crave , recognition for their craft . This film probably had many , many times when the actors were showing us the way they had seen someone in their own art world react . Maybe not full of belly laughs but certainly realistic . Why not five stars ? Well , I do work in community theatre and absolutely nothing can ever top Waiting For Guffman ! 6-5-07 Since writing this review both my daughters have watched this movie and neither cared for it much . Both are Christopher Guest fans but say this one just did n't do anything for them . One even said it seemed that the `` formula '' has gone on one movie too long . Just wanted to update my review in case it might change someone 's mind . I still love it .
 When I first came across this movie , I had preconceived notions it would be a crazy , hysterical comic romp like Guest 's other films . However , I was pleasantly surprised to find a much deeper and darker piece of work that I grow fonder of each time I view it . That is not to say there are not some deliciously funny moments throughout , but as the anticipation grows and the cast awaits the announcement of Oscar nominations , there are poignant and even heartrending scenes I was certainly not expecting.Catherine O'Hara is truly the star , both in the plot of the movie and the movie itself . Her performance completely blew me away . Harry Shearer also is a standout amongst the Guest regulars , Eugene Levy , Jane Lynch , Fred Willard , Parker Posey , and Jennifer Coolidge.If you are a fan of the Oscars , this film will make you look at the winners and losers in a very different light . If you are a fan of Christopher Guest , do not expect the typical Guest movie experience . Instead of cranking out the same thing over and over this movie represents an evolution in Guest 's movies . I hope we see much more from this talented director .
 He was Nigel in `` This Is Spinal Tap . '' He killed Inigo Montoya 's father in `` The Princess Bride '' and had to die . And he 's the director four of the funnier movies in the last decade . And yet Christopher Guest still has the reputation of being an acquired comedic taste.Is it because he mixes wit and satire into his broad comedy ? Or because his work does n't transmit on the lowest common frequency ? I noticed selections of the Adam Sandler film canon on TV 27,235 times during Thanksgiving weekend . I still ca n't make time for an anti-social man-child with a fake angry voice . But Guest I get.His latest is `` For Your Consideration , '' a send-up of Hollywood and everything involved with it
 This must be seen several times to get the full impact . The background quips are funny and I appreciate the whole ensemble . This is a psychological comedy with dramatic undertones . I hope this gang of talent never breaks up .
 This is a realy funny film , and some of the humor is a little harder to `` get . '' Christopher Guest has done some amazing satire for a very , very long time -LRB- dating back to the old National Lampoon magazine and the National Lampoon Radio Hour -RRB- . He has seldom disappointed , and does not let us dow here , either.A Hollywood studio is making a `` minor '' WWII movie , `` Home for Purim . '' Nobody expects much from it - not the director , the actors , the writers or the underwriters . Then , for no real apparent reason , the lighting director starts a rumor that one of the actors is being considered for an Academy Award . This `` credible story '' is originated even before photography is complete ... The results are completely hilarious , if subtle . Again , real belly laughs are in the offing if you pay really close attention not only to the really funny dialogue , but also to the extremely detailed visuals the movie has to offer . For example , during a scene with extensive foreground action , very often characters are pantomiming incredibly funny stuff in the background , lampooning the methods and mores of the movie business.It 's funny , but it does require a lot of attention on the part of the viewer . And Catherine O'Hara 's personal visual `` makeovers '' are jsut priceless ... Let 's see her again the morning after the Oscar nominations are announced at 5:00 am !
 Let 's just say that if you 're a Guest fan , and like his other stuff , you will not be disappointed . It 's probably even better than A Mighty Wind . The scenes with Willard are a riot -LRB- as always -RRB- , and the `` Home for Purim '' poster with the cast faces inside the balloons had me rolling on the floor . Satire at it 's very best . Definitely worth getting .
 Chances are the Oscar will not go to Christopher Guest 's `` For Your Consideration , '' a carefully constructed but at times dry satire of the movie industry . Those of you expecting a laugh-out-loud comedy will be disappointed ; this film relies on subtleties that will most likely only appeal to those in show business . That may be the reason why I found some of the humor a little difficult to understand ; as much as I love going to the movies , I have absolutely no idea how they 're run behind the scenes , and I certainly have no way of knowing just how insightful such a satire is . Nonetheless , it is a funny film , and I definitely give credit to the writers -- Christopher Guest and Eugene Levy -- for creating characters that are both comedic and complex . Some serious thought went into this film , and it is worth watching.The plot centers on the production of a period film called `` Home for Purim , '' a dramatic tale about the turmoil within a Southern Jewish family . Marilyn Hack -LRB- Catherine O'Hara -RRB- , a veteran actress who idolizes Bette Davis ' performance in `` Jezebel , '' plays the dying mother . Victor Allen Miller -LRB- Harry Shearer -RRB- , a struggling actor who works for scale , plays the father . Brian Chubb -LRB- Christopher Moynihan -RRB- and Callie Webb -LRB- Parker Posey -RRB- play the children
 Fans of Monty Python and Second City and Seinfeld will get alot of fun in watching this film . They will enjoy watching people like Catherine O'Hara and Eguene Levy play some very interesting characters , O'Hara 's aging `` hack '' actress a bit more amusing than Levy 's Hollywood agent.A movie within a movie , though an incredibly awful one , `` Home For Purim '' , so full of tired stereotypes it seems outside the parameters of even this `` mockumentary '' . It is the basis for the often brilliant satire.Problem is that Guest and gang are really vignette artists and their feature stays at the same level throughout - as funny as it is.Watching the DVD I was unaware of the year of release . Thought it might be the late '90s ; indeed , many barbs at the new electronic world would have been stale evn then
 The characters in the film are humorous . I do n't know if this film is considered black comedy but it does have the non-chalant attitude of one - blunt display of characters placed in a rather possible real-life situation . I do n't want to give away too much but this film should be watched if you have nothing to do on a Sunday . Parker Posey is as camp and fabulous as ever !! This film makes a mockery of the media , the Internet , award-winning films and the filmmaking business . Though at certain moments in the film , this mockery gets quite overtly abused and humour becomes rather draggy , there are moments where I just ca n't stop laughing.Like I said , watch it on a Sunday , when you decide to stay in for the day . Buy this if you are a fan of any of the actors in the film , otherwise , rent it at a video store near you .
 This film , like all the rest of their films was very funny . But you have to appreciate the humor of this type . Not all people get it . My spouse did n't get it , but I love these actors together . They can be hilarious , you just have to understand where they are coming from and what they are trying to do . If you like `` Best in Show '' or their others , you 'll love this one too .
 Stars get their hopes up about an independent drama when they hear whispers it might be ` Oscar ' worthy . The pressure is on and each star deals with whether they are acting for trophies , or just love the work and want that to be enough . A cute comedy about fickle Hollywood and bursting bubbles . If you liked ` Best of Show ' and ' A Mighty Wind ' , you 'll like this one as well . Has a great cast!Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 With `` For Your Consideration , '' the `` Best In Show '' crew have created , once again , a delightfully innovative movie full of subtle laughs that may require the viewer to think a little in order to `` get '' them.Some of the subtle bits that stick out in my mind
 Great funny begining , but cuts a little close to drama in the end , which makes it a lot less fun than it could have bren .
 This movie is a dead-on representation of the Southern California movie community . I think it hits a little too close to the unconscious preoccupation with television & media of many Americans - hence the weak reviews which I 've read here . The cast is spot on , as ever ; the script - as amusing & ridiculous as its subject matter . Up there with the best of Preston Sturges .
 Christopher Guest said he would n't do anymore mockumentaries , and this is the latest in his series of improv films . For Your Consideration is a cautionary look at the film world , what hype does to those involved in the process -LRB- writers , directors , actors and stagehands alike -RRB- , and how this ultimately causes people to compromise themselves to the point that they are practically unrecognizable . Marilyn Hack -LRB- Catherine O'Hara -RRB- is an aging starlet involved in the production of HOME FOR PURIM , where she plays the dying matriarch in a Southern Jewish household . When word gets out that she might be the recipient of an Oscar nomination it quite literally goes to her head , as well as the heads of those around her.This film is darkly funny and also tragic . Christopher Guest takes a look at the industry that has long-ignored his own bodies of work -LRB- Waiting For Guffman , Best In Show -- only exception being the Best Song Nomination for `` A Mighty Wind '' -RRB- . Although this film is rich with subtle humor , the typical `` potty mouth '' jokes we have come to expect from his productions and eccentric characters , this is also almost what could be described as a punch in the face at the mainstream film world . I really feel that this was a thinly veiled attempt to take potshots by the bitter Guest , at the film business that quite often overlooks small , independent movies , in favor of larger Hollywood productions.I left the theatre feeling a little sick , to be honest with you . Christopher Guest really hits the nail on the head with this one . For a lighter look at show business , I suggest you check out Waiting For Guffman . For Your Consideration is n't for sissies . Someone actually left the theatre saying , `` This is when improv becomes a nightmare . '' Though , I did n't agree , it definitely was some food for thought .
 While the latest offering from Christopher Guest and Eugene Levy , For Your Consideration , often had me laughing out loud , there 's no denying that there are some tedious spells and the humor may be so industry-specific at times that many jokes will go undetected by those unfamiliar with the movie industry . On the other hand , Guest/Levy 's humor tends to be puckish and satiric , unlike the sophomoric bodily-function humor of the Farrelly brothers -LRB- There 's Something About Mary -RRB- , which I always find a plus.The plot revolves around the dreams of a movie cast comprised of a few has-beens and a few wanna-bes . Their movie , Home for Purim , seems destined for direct-to-video release when an item appears somewhere on the internet that the senior actress ' work might earn her - gasp - an Oscar . From this molehill of a rumor the proverbial mountain grows , and by the end of the many scenes of self-delusion and inside-Hollywood politics three , not just one , cast members are heralded as sure bets . To say more would enter Spoiler terriroty , but the denoument , while a bit over-long , is well-done . In addition to showing the behind-the-scenes atmosphere of a movie set , For Your Consideration also does a number on agent/client relationships , talk shows -LRB- Jane Lynch and Fred Willard `` do '' Entertainment Tonight the way it should be done ! -RRB- , publicity reps , and more.The cast familar to fans of Guest/Levy movies -LRB- Best in Show , Waiting for Guffman , A Mighty Wind -RRB- is all here
 `` For Your Consideration '' is the latest film from Christopher Guest and friends who have given us so much pleasure with `` Waiting For Guffman '' , `` A Mighty Wind '' , and `` Best in Show '' . `` For Your Consideration '' revolves around a cast of obscure and has been actors who are filming a movie called `` Home for Purim '' . Now normally the concept of a movie within a movie is not a terribly good idea , example `` Bewitched '' . In this case , the concept works.The cast of `` Home for Purim '' is Marilyn Hack -LRB- Catherine O'Hara -RRB- , Victor Van Miller -LRB- Harry Shearer -RRB- , Callie Web -LRB- Parker Posey -RRB- , and Brian Chubb -LRB- Christopher Moynihan -RRB- . Marilyn Hack receives word that there is a rumor on the internet that she might be up for a best actress Oscar nomination . As a result of the rumor and word spreads around the set and in Hollywood , egos flare up and gets out of control . `` For Your Consideration '' takes potshots at the Hollywood system from the actors themselves , film critics , entertainment tv tabloid shows , and the Academy Awards themselves . I found myself laughing out loud all through the film . My favorite performances came from Christopher Guest as Jay Berman , Jennifer Coolidge as the ditzy film producer Whitney Taylor Brown , Jane Lynch as a Mary Hart clone Cindy Martin , Rachel Harris as Mary Pat Hooligan , and Ricky Gervais as the head of Sunfish studios . I found Catherine O'Hara and Parker Posey too over the top for me , especially towards the end of the film . The ending was predictable and rather lame but overall an enjoyable film .
 When a rumor spreads that an aging , passed-by actress named Marilyn Hack is in line for an Oscar nomination for her role in the yet-to-be-released corn-pone movie , Home for Purim , the gods of ambition , resentment , hope , angst and envy descend on Tinsel Town . This is n't one of Christopher Guest 's and his partner Eugene Levy 's docu-comedy satires , it 's a cocked-eyebrow story about Hollywood pretensions . For Your Consideration has some clever set-ups , some genuinely funny actors strutting about while they improvise and some funny bits . But how do you successfully satirize something -- Hollywood -- which already is so bloated with self-esteem we snicker at the name?Guest and Levy give us great takes on such smarmy situations as the Oscar race , the E! Network and it 's clones , actor neediness , agents and writers , and self-justifying ambition . Trouble is , it 's all being done in the real world while we watch . Few things in fiction are as awesome as in real life studios and stars campaign for Oscar wins . Few things are as awful as entertainment `` reporters '' with their inane , insincere questions and perfect grooming . Can one satirize performance art by screaming the p-word when in real life an artist on stage covers her nude body with Hershey 's chocolate syrup and moans?The idea of the movie , for me , just does n't work , but that does n't mean it lacks lots of funny piece-parts . The stand-out is Catherine O'Hara . She plays Marilyn Hack , an over-the-hill actress who is stunned to hear her name used in the same sentence as `` Oscar . '' She does n't believe it ... she wants to believe it ... she does believe it . From an actress resigned to hanging on by her fingertips in the movie world , she winds up blow-dried , lips plumped , in a too-tight short-short skirt doing the TV late-night entertainment rounds . O'Hara is magnificent ... totally unafraid as an actress to show herself as the dumpy Hack , and then transformed through chemistry , injections , dye and corsets into a caricature of a Hollywood star . More importantly , O'Hara is so skilled as an actress she makes us like Marilyn Hack . Plus , she 's funny.Too bad , but I have n't heard any rumors about O'Hara and an Oscar nomination .
 I particularly enjoy Christopger Guest 's mockumentaries . He takes the mundane and makes it witty and bizarre in a way that most comedy writers never achieve . The cast of `` For Your Consideration '' has many of his regulars who work well under Guest 's direction as they know exactly what he is trying to achieve . If you enjoy humor that is dry and witty you will definitely enjoy `` For Your Consideration . ''
 Although not mock-u-mentary driven as `` Best in Show '' Christopher Guest , along with his favorite ensemble of actors has made a crackling , at times hysterically funny film with `` For Your Consideration `` A a person of Jewish faith , there are undoubtedly so many inside jokes and scenarios that many people may miss simply due not having the direct life experience to relate to much of the material . Ironically there 's a line in the film from the producer played by Ricky Gervais who says `` Tone down the Jewishness '' perhaps the film itself would have been better received had it 's target audience been broader.But what makes this film so wonderfully funny is it 's unapologetic portrayal of a behind the scenes look at movie making in Hollywood , the fragile egos of actors and the ridiculousness of the story itself.Any fan of Guest will love seeing the excellent performances by his regular cast of lunatics including Eugene Levy , Ed Begley JR , Catherine O'Hara , Jennifer Coolidge and of course Christopher Guest himself along with so many others.The performances are all terrific , but I would say the film belongs to Catherine O'Hara she 's just sensational as `` Marilyn Hack '' the has been actress with her eye on an Oscar . To be fair , there 's not a single poor performance in the film.It 's one of those pictures you can watch many times over and still find something new to laugh at each and every time .
 Catherine O'Hara never seems to stop amusing me . What a great actress , if you have seen Best in Show and have that sense of humor then you need to watch this movie . Watching it twice you get and discover more jokes and the subtle humor . It 's actually a must buy if you have n't seen the other movies by this director in this series . I laughed the whole time .
 I saw this movie in theaters and had to add it to my collection . It may not be the best of Christopher Guest 's movies , but it rings some truth about Hollywood . Catherine O'Hara and Parker Posey make the movie very enjoyable . If you are a fan of Mr. Guest and this ensemble , I would recommend adding it to your collection .
 Christopher Guest , the Master of the Mockumentary , takes a satirical look at movie-making by using the old movie-with-a-movie technique . We see a really bad , low-budget movie called , `` Home for Purim '' being made by a motley collection of actors , writers , publicists , make-up artists , etc. . One by one the actors hear they might be on the short-list for an Oscar nod so they make the talk-show circuit and await the official announcement.I liked that this movie was less a mockumentary and more of a straight movie ; although writer/director/star Guest is known for having his actors improvise the dialogue , this seemed more scripted and conventional . It is n't as hilarious asBest in Show , but it 's certainly cute and enjoyable throughout thanks to his talented troupe of actors , especially Catherine O'Hara and Fred Willard . Unfortunately , the cast is way too large , giving everyone less screen time and making each character less connected to the plot and to the audience.Poking fun at Hollywood is always fun and I enjoyed this movie , even though it 's not Guest 's best work .
 I had stayed away from this feature having heard it was n't the strongest of Guest 's works . However , when I finally sat down to watch it , I have to say that I found it enjoyable . It closely resembles `` Guffman '' in theme , this time with a Hollywood spin . Having worked in the film and television industry , I laughed out loud at the tongue-in-cheek references and the characters with dashed dreams -- all too common in la la land . Perhaps this resounds best with people who have been exposed to the LA culture , but I recommend it if you enjoy Guest 's previous movies and his cache of hysterical actors that join him from film to film .
 Granted there 's an ever so slight mean streak below the surface , For Your Consideration kept me chuckling heartily through-out with some intermittent belly laughs here and there . This was a disappointment in it 's theatrical run but may pick-up a following on DVD . The script is silly fun , the skewing is funny as hell , and the cast is uniformly wonderful ; everyone has their chance to showcase their talents . After seen Catherine O'Hara 's hysterical performance , I was glad that she picked up a few merited laurels and frankly feel she was overlooked , ironically , for an Oscar nod . I was suprrised by a few of the other viewers dour outlook , but this is a movie for movie folk and may not have the broad appeals of some viewers I 'm a huge fan of Christopher Guest films , my favorite being Waiting For Guffman . I was n't in love with The Might Wind , I 'd put `` Consideration '' on a par with Best In Show .
 I have the full collection from this troupe . They are outstanding and very clever . I did n't find this DVD as good as some of their previous ones , -LRB- Best in Show , Spinal Tap , Waiting for Guffman , A Mighty Wind -RRB- but good just the same . I merely like watching them . They work very well together .
 While not nearly as wonderful as `` Waiting for Guffman '' or `` Best in Show '' or even as pleasant as `` A Mighty Wind '' , this movie pleased me a great deal . There seemed to be a great deal more acting in this film rather than improvising for a great joke.Catherine O'Hara is brilliant as the fading and frighteningly insecure Marilyn Hack . She is acting in a nothing film entitled `` Home for Purim '' . Harry Shearer is her male lead , Victor Allan Miller who has been in show business for forty years and is best known for being a hot dog in a commercial . His role in `` Home for Purim '' requires him to have a simultaneous Southern accent with Yiddish elements . An amazing feat to see and hear.Eugene Levy is Victor 's agent and is quite wonderful in his the way he manipulates Victor into believing he is n't auditioning while he reads for a part . How many fourth rate talent agents are required to engage in these kinds of manipulations ? Or agents at any level , for that matter ? Jennifer Coolidge is , Whitney Talyor Brown , the producer of this tiny film and is wonderfully clueless , but serves her role for the film admirably.Christopher Guest plays the lonsuffering director -LRB- what a contrast to the director of `` Waiting for Guffman ! '' -RRB- . It was a nice touch directing a touching scene while eating a corned beef sandwich . Parker Posey is Callie Webb plays the Rachel who is coming home referred to in the title . She seems somewhat together , but when we learn that she had tried to be a stand up with a miserable piece called `` No -LSB- ... -RSB- Intended '' , we see the beginning of what unfolds for her character the rest of the movie . Well done . Her boyfriend , Brian Chubb , is played by Christopher Moynihan . He has a great scene with Christopher Guest about the background for his role in `` Purim '' that is absolutely priceless . Also , there is a scene where nearly everyone else in the cast is getting interviewed by the wonderful Fred Willard and Brian is seething without expression . A wonderful touch.John Michael Higgins is the publicist Corey Taft who takes a piece of rumor and actually gets some buzz for the film . He thinks he is Chocktaw . Ed Begley Jr. is Marilyn Hack 's supportive hairdresser and adds some nice touches to the story . Michael McKean and Bob Balaban , who usually have much bigger speaking roles in Guest films , are fabulously understated as the screenwriters for `` Home for Purim '' . There is a scene with a Charlie Rose type where they ca n't even get a syllable in during the interview.Everyone in the film is wonderful . And I enjoyed it , but there are some very sad currents in the film , too . When Marilyn Hack thinks the buzz she is getting will revive her career , the plastic surgery damaged face and sexy clothes that would be too young for someone twenty years younger almost hurt us . We ache for her . Some people do n't like that in a comedy . I found it touching and memorable.I like this film very much .
 If you 've seen previous movies from this team such as `` Best In Show '' and `` Waiting For Guffman '' expect more of the same subtle humor and more outrageous yet realistic characters . The story is about an actress who discovers an online rumor suggesting her latest performance is Oscar worthy . It 's hysterical how quickly the rumor grows and even more astonshing at how accurate the chain of events mirror reality . The thing I love about the Guest and Co. films is the `` quiet humor '' . The jokes are n't obvious and in your face . The humor is in the moment or in the character or in a little passive line . My only gripe is the abruptness of the movie . It ended a little quicker than I expected which means I was enjoying myself so much I did n't want the party to end . But I do wish there was a little more time spent fleshing out the characters . Other than that little teeny gripe `` Consideration '' is a funny and witty look at the Hollywood machine . And A + to Fred Willard and Jane Lynch for their dead-on impersonation of `` Extra '' . Enjoy !
 So gifted and accomplished , Catherine O'Hara gives an Oscar-worthy performance . It 's her film . It may be classified as a `` Comedy '' , but this is a very moving film .
 To add my thoughts to the other reviews.I enjoyed parts of this film , but think that prior works of this group are better.IMO , the greatest weakness of this film is that it is a parody which resembles reality too closely.Is reality funny or silly / stupid?My greatest pleasure was seeing these many actors and actresses who I know from other prior films from this group.I enjoyed the directors comments . I have the impression that the directors and producers enjoyed it perhaps more than I.I am a little surprised that the technical quality is not better , OK , but for a modernly made film by a group of this caliber , expected better.I have thought about the question of why this film did not appeal more to me.Perhaps the directors could not decide if they were making a light drama , a satire , or a farce.Can a film be all 3 ? IMO , too much a drama . IMO , interesting to watch -LRB- with DVD controller in hand -RRB- .
 As a huge fan of the ensemble responsible for This is Spinal Tap , Waiting For Guffman and Best In Show , I was anxious to see For Your consideration to say the least . After the first viewing I was kind of disappointed but later I decided to give it another chance . Now this Hollywood spoof is one of my all-time fav 's . I guess after loving the other Christopher Guest masterpieces I was jaded and did n't really give '' For Your Consideration '' a fighting chance . It actually gets better with each viewing and certainly is a must for the `` Spinal Tap '' clan to see for their consideration . Much more subtle in it 's approach . Do yourself a favor . try to view it as a stand alone piece and I 'm sure you will discover it 's genius .
 Growing up Jewish in Brooklyn as a baby-boomer , I found myself filled with non-stop giggling out loud at much of the satire , especially the purposeful mis-use of yiddish words , from `` pischer '' to `` meshuga , '' the straight-faced delivery with the southern accents left me delighted and laughing . I also needed to see it twice to get the full range of much of the humor . I also enjoy Parker Posey in anything she does , and I thought her scenes with a `` barbie-doll marylene '' and her blow-up with her boyfriend were examples of award winning acting . All in all , I consider it a `` keeper '' in that I own the DVD , and highly recommend it to all who have not seen it.I dont know if someone unfamiliar with Jewish characterizations will get all the humor - or find it too strange , but I was delighted with it .
 For your consideration is not the film you would expect it to be . . it is not the same mocumentary style movie that made him popular with such movies as ` waiting for guffman ' . . It is a movie about big egos , grandiose ambitions , and the media . . This sounds like a pretty serious film until you consider the cast . . Eugene Levy , catherine o'hara , harry shrearer , and co. are hilarious as a team driven into a ravenous frenzy with the hollywood oscar buzz surrounding their film . . For your consideration is not Guest 's best work surely . . -LRB- spinal tap and waiting for guffman are classic comedies -RRB- . . but this film was a great creative endeavor that proves Guest is capable of exploring new teratories . .
 Lately I have seemed to really call it out - movies that are not the typical run-of-the-mill flicks ; movies that think ` out of the box ' per se.This is the first Christopher Guest flick I have seen , and I am already hooked for more.Despite the lack-lustre reviews , I often like to go against the grain of the average critic . This movie is about a movie ; `` Home for Purim '' ; a small movie that as all-of-a-sudden seems to be favored for carrying multiple Oscar contenders . As with any thing simple and sacred ; humanity and pride gets in the way ; and the actors become consumed with their new-found popularity.I really loved that this movie was just naturally funny ; without having to invoke potty-humor and off-the-wall jokes . As I write this review , I ca n't help but giggle at the transformation of the lead actress ; Marilyn Hack -LRB- played by the amazingly funny Catherine O'Hara -RRB- and ; interesting enough , Corey Taft -LRB- played by John Michael Higgins -RRB- who I am still uncertain what his role was , but I laughed at him especially milking his 1/8 Native American heritage ... Now since this poor movie was dogged by even the Amazon reviewers -LRB- whom I hold much higher than the paid critics -RRB- ; and although I have seen it twice and loved it even more the 2nd time around ; I will definately look forward to the other recommendations you guys have made and check out Christopher Guest 's other movies . If this was is suppose to be horrible ; then I must be in for a real treat !!!
 I look forward to Christopher Guest movies in the same way Ralphie did for his much beloved Red Ryder BB Gun in `` A Christmas Story '' . Drenched with his deadpan wit , Guest 's mockumentaries have been such well-targeted show business satires that it 's hard to know when the script stops and the improvised reality begins . But that 's a lot of the fun with his films , even though his newest is easily the most structured of the bunch . Along with constant co-writer and co-star Eugene Levy , Guest picks a target ripe with possibilities in this 2006 comedy , the Oscar-baiting season prior to the nominations , and surprisingly foregoes the direct interview format in favor of a more traditional narrative . I have to admit I miss some of this dynamic because the on-camera realism resulted in some of the funniest moments in the previous films.Gratefully , what has been kept from his other films is Guest 's stellar ensemble company of comic actors , and this time an even larger cast has been gathered , none of whom disappoint in this outing . The plot focuses on the production of a low-budget studio-bound film , `` Home for Purim '' , a WWII-era family melodrama about a Jewish family in Georgia coping with the mother 's terminal illness and the daughter 's emergence as a lesbian . Directed by an authoritarian nebbish with an Art Garfunkel hairdo named Jay Berman , the film looks to be an overly sincere piece of tripe , but a blogger on one of the movie sites has predicted leading lady Marilyn Hack , a resigned , over-the-hill B-actress , will be nominated for an Oscar . This starts an Oscar buzz that engulfs the two other nominal principals of the movie , hot-dog pitchman Victor Allen Miller and `` serious '' actress Callie Webb , and the tidal wave of publicity drastically changes the direction and marketing campaign of the movie even before it 's completed.Guest and Levy fully capture the superficial pandering that occurs when the buzz is in full swing , and they particularly ridicule the ignorance and outdated thinking of those who find themselves in this lightning-in-a-bottle situation . There are acidic jabs at all the infotainment programs - `` Entertainment Tonight '' , `` MTV TRL '' , `` The Charlie Rose Show '' and `` Ebert & Roeper '' - but this is character-driven farce , and several stand out . In a brave turn as Marilyn , the wonderful and ever-dependable Catherine O'Hara superbly captures the almost overnight evolution from forgotten , timeworn actress into botox-infused , cleavage-squeezing A-lister wannabe . Harry Shearer gets his best showcase yet as the put-upon Victor whose mouthy agent Morley Orfkin refuses to take his calls until the buzz hits them . As Callie , Parker Posey is more in reactive mode here , though she has a funny Sandra Bernhard-like bit with her character 's one-woman show , `` No Penis Intended '' . Everyone else gets less screen time , but they all provide memorably riotous contributions - Guest as Berman , Levy as Morley , Jennifer Coolidge as clueless producer Whitney Taylor Brown , John Michael Higgins as bromide-spouting publicist Corey Taft , Don Lake and Michael Hitchcock as the Love It/Hate It movie critics , Michael McKean and Bob Balaban as the academic screenwriters , Ed Begley Jr. as Marilyn 's fey hairdresser -LRB- and biggest fan -RRB- , Ricky Gervais as the oily studio honcho , and best of all , as the entertainment TV co-hosts , Fred Willard as mohawk-moussed Chuck Porter and Jane Lynch as gam-showcasing Mary Hart-knockoff Cindy Martin . I imagine Guest 's reputation is the reason you see such high-profile actors like Sandra Oh and Craig Bierko in nothing more than bit parts here . The film takes a sharp turn toward the end that adds surprising vitriol to the laughs , and the vituperative tone makes the proceedings all the more devastating and resonant . More like `` A Mighty Wind '' with its dramatic undercurrents , this one is not as laugh-out-loud as `` Waiting for Guffman '' and `` Best in Show '' , but it shows a continuing maturation in Guest 's filmmaking technique that is most welcome .
 I am sure that most of the loyal fans needed this fix . We were perhaps a bit disappointed that it was n't a `` Best of Show '' high but it was enough to carry us over . For `` newbies '' -LRB- Oh , how I hate that word ! -RRB- I think that `` For Your Consideration '' Will start them down the Spinal Tap , Mighty Wind , road to ruin . I would rate this movie and 11 . After all eleven is one more then ten.Ruth Evans
 Christopher Guest and the whole crew are geniuses . The whole movie is hilarious , with an especially funny performance from Catherine O'Hara
 I love Christopher Guest films -LRB- Spinal Tap , Best in Show -RRB- . This is a relatively less known film but all of his films have a subtle humor to them in the details .
 This was another good movie by Christopher Guest . I love this cast , especially Catherine O'Hara 's character . Recommended , especially if you enjoy Guest 's other movies ` Best in Show ' and ' A Mighty Wind ' .
 I was a Scooby Doo fan and I watched it . It 's so , so , cool ! It amused me with the sounds of Jasper 's golf cart . I hope you do n't insult it , or grow up !
 This is one of the best Scooby Doo movies I 've ever seen.The Yowie Yahoo had excellent graphics , and the three vampire minions that got kidnapped by the Yowie Yahoo a year ago were so cool.Casey Kasem is doing the voice of Scooby Doo.In the end the villans were unmasked and the Yowie Yahoo turned out to be a holograhic projection added with explosions . This movie is worth buying .
 Being a tremendous Scooby fan and in partcular , being partial to the `` Scooby Doo Where Are You ? '' series . I thought this was a fantastic DVD . What makes it bittersweet for me however is that all of the original voice actors have returned with the exception of one - the late great Don Messick , who was the one and only voice of Scooby until his death in 1997 . I 'm sure Mr. Messick would have loved to have been involved in such a great and nostalgic Scooby Doo project .
 Well , we 've had this DVD for eight days now , and my 4-year-old has requested it each day since purchase . He is certainly loving the mystery gang , and I must admit that I find it highly watchable -LRB- even after the 8th time -RRB- . For me , one of the more enjoyable aspects of it is the return to the `` classic '' characters , with everyone in original clothes -- Fred has his ascot , Daphne has her purple tights , etc. -- and , of course , the original voices . Nobody compares to Casey Kasem . For my 4-year-old , however , he just likes the vampires and `` the part where Scooby gets eaten by the crocodile . ''
 I was so pleased when I watched this movie . The original Velma is back ! Nicole Jaffe has n't been heard as Velma since 1974 . Hers is the best Velma , and it is so cool to hear her again ! Also back is the longest running Daphne voice , Heather North ! Add in Casey Kasem as Shaggy and Frank Welker as Fred , and the whole gang is back ! Plus , hearing new versions of the original background music is such a treat . This is as close to classic Scooby Doo as you can get !
 I bought it for my three year old girl who is obsessed with scooby doo .
 This is one of the best Scooby Doo movies I 've ever seen the huge Yowie Yahoo atttacking all the rock bands with his three minions -LCB- rock band that came third in last years festival -RCB- . the Hex girls are back from the witches ghost.Wait till you see the gang play rock music ! This movie is a must to Scooby Doo fans all around the world .
 I was n't sure if taking the gang out of their usual locale of haunted mansions and creepy amusement parks and sending them to Australia was a good idea . While it is still a cool movie it would have worked just as well in Death Valley than in the Outback.The villain this time is a Vampire called Yahoo-Yahweh , a bit of stupid name . It never sounds right when the characters say it . That minor quibble aside it 's another solid entry in the recent Scooby Made For TV feature-length mysteries . Frank Welker -LRB- who 's birthday it is today , coincidentally -RRB- is back as Fred and Scooby and Kasey Kasem is back as Shaggy -LRB- tho Scott Innes was perfect in the previous instalments and it puzzles why he did n't do Scooby 's voice in the movie -RRB- . It feels like a slickly animated version of the original show . Especially considering how Warner have decked the characters in their original clothes after fans objected to the modern clothes in the previous efforts . I have no opinion on this matter.It was cool to see the Hex Girls return and the music this time has a slightly hipper , more techno feel and lacks the orchestral fantasy of Louis Febre 's scores for Alien Invaders and Cyber Chase . It 's a shame there 's no soundtrack CD for this one . I 'd definitely buy it.The extras consist of a childish game and a commentary by Shaggy , Scooby and Fred . Which should be fun . The DVD is presented in bright and colorful 1.33:1 full frame -LRB- as drawn -RRB- with an above average Dolby 5.1 soundtrack .
 Anyone who knows me , knows that I love King Diamond 's records . I loved `` Abigail , '' `` Them , '' `` Conspiracy , '' and `` In the Shadows . '' I thought `` Time '' was alright , and I felt `` Into the Unknown '' had its moments . Not knowing what to expect , I bought his `` Dead Again , '' and was shocked at the awesome return to form . I always liked the Scooby series . And I really liked `` Scooby Doo on Zombie Island . '' I thought `` The Witch 's Ghost '' was pretty good . But I was a little disappointed with `` The Alien Invaders '' and `` The Cyber Chase . '' I thought the live movie was flat out terrible . Not knowing what to expect , I bought this tape.RED LIGHT ALERT ! Ah ... this may actually be Scooby 's best movie ! First , it was a charming bonus to get the original voice cast back ! 2nd , we are presented with an awesome return to the Scooby Doo formula . In a normal situation , we are presented with the possibility of the supernatural . We also see the gang in Australia . We also get to see how their seeming vacation turns into yet another mystery ! The original cast seems to have all their wonderful chemistry back . Fred 's calm attitude ; Daphne 's kind , but unaware character ; Velmah 's sassy charm ; and Shaggy and Scooby 's constant fear and appetite . We also get to see the Hex girls again . The misleads are well placed ; secondary characters like Jasper give us some comical moments ; and we are given time and clues to figure out the mystery before it is revealed . I do n't want to chance ruining it for you , but I will say , EVEN if like me you were disappointed by the recent movies ` Alien Invaders , ' ` Cyber Chase , ' and the terrible live movie , DO NOt , REPEAT DO NOT overlook this gem . It may actually be Scooby Doo 's best movie !
 Ths Is One of The Bset Scooby Doo Movies I Have ever seen ! It starts out when the gang -LRB- Daphnie , Fred , Velma , Shaggy And scooby doo -RRB- take on Australia for a vacation . But when they find out that the bands are being taken over by the Yowie Yahoo , its another mystery to solve . As always , Shaggy and Scooby are by themselves again when Fred takes Velma and Daphnie when they split up . It is a fun movie to watch , expecially when you get the DVD version of the movie . You enter the special features menu . Click Monster menu and then you can explore the vampire rock that was featured in the movie . It has a menu where you can make your own monster faces by chaging around the body parts . The music is great in this movie ! And I think that it is one for the hole family to enjoy . So I would buy the DVD edition so you can enter the cave and have fun !
 Scooby fans , you will love this brand new Scooby Doo movie!America 's favorite cartoon character and the rest of the Mystery Inc gang , go down under , to Australia , where they encounter their scariest mystery yet ... The Legend of the Vampire!Scooby and pals investigate the mysterious disappearances at a Rock festival . But to do that , Scooby and the gang must first go undercover ... as rock stars!So the Mystery Inc kids join Scooby and they don the rock star clothes and actually perform a song live on stage , with Scooby Doo on the drums ! Wait till you see Velma perform on lead vocals ! You will see a side of her that you have never seen before!This movie is special for a few reasons.First , we get to see the classic Mystery Machine Van again ! In the other recent Scooby movies , the gang has used an SUV , but they are back to the classic Mystery van that we all know and love.Secondly , this movie uses the same music that was used in the classic Scooby Doo cartoons of the 60 's and 70 's , thus creating the feel that you are watching the classic Scooby shows!Thirdly , this is pure Scooby Doo ... the same Scooby that we know and love . The same fearful , hungry , and humorous canine crimefighter that we have grown so used to.You simply cant go wrong with Scooby Doo shows , and this is one that you and your family will cherish and enjoy for years to come.The DVD has some cool extra 's ! First , there is a special commentary feature , that allows you to listen to Scooby , Shaggy , and Fred , as they watch the movie with you , and talk about the movie!Scooby and Shaggy make fun of Fred , and how he doesnt have the `` look '' of a rock star.So its like getting TWO versions of the movie ... the regular one , AND one with Scooby , Shaggy and Fred talking in the background as they watch the movie with you , which is very entertaining in of itself.There is also a blooper segment , but to see the bloopers , you first play the Monster Maker game . You can use the three different images of monsters and mix them to make a funny looking monster of your own ! And after you do , you will see the bloopers!The DVD also features Scooby and Shaggy as DJ 's , and they show a few musical Scooby videos , featuring recent and classic Scooby Doo footage!It is very well done.Also , you can see a sneak preview of the NEXT brand new Scooby Doo animated movie , which will come out this October -LRB- October 2003 -RRB- . If you love Scooby Doo , you will love this DVD . And if for some reason you werent a Scooby Fan before ... one viewing of this DVD will change that.See what all of the Scooby Doo fans know ... . That Scooby Doo rocks !!! He is an American classic , and this DVD celebrates America 's love for Scooby !
 The DVD is great with the fact all the voices from the original `` Scooby-Doo , Where Are You ? '' are there with the exception of the late Don Messick who did the voice of Scooby-Doo . It 's also great to see the original Mystery Machine and also hearing the classic background music from the original . Anyone who is a fan of `` Scooby-Doo , Where Are You '' will love this movie .
 If you have read my other `` Scooby Reviews '' you will know that I have had an issue with some of the newer Scooby movies that have been released which have had real monsters in them . Because this was pretty much a sequel to `` Scooby Doo and the Witch 's Ghost '' I was concerned that there would be real Vampires . Fear not parents ! They have returned to the `` Man in a Mask '' stories which made the Scooby Doo series so lovable to begin with.A Quick Summary
 I just bought this DVD not too long ago and I LOVE it ! The adventure and music RULES ! Also , the Hex Girls make a guest appearence ! I love them ! This movie is very fun and is one of my favorites !
 I have always loved Scooby-Doo and this movie was no exception . My only exception was SCRAPPY . I always hated him . Loved seeing him as the enemy in the first live action film . Other than that , I always love Scooby . The movies are always cute and great for the whole family . Particularly old guys like me that grew up watching Scooby 's tv series when they were new . I particularly liked the fact that Casey Casem was back to do Shaggy .
 Very pleased with DVD and the price ... mail time was longer than expected ... maybe due to 7/4 holiday .
 Both my 4 year old grandson and this Granny , who had searched everywhere for this special movie , were more than pleased with finding and recieving Scooby Doo and the Lengend of the Vampire . Thanks so much for making it so easy !!!
 Kids love this Scooby Doo movie . Ca n't go wrong . Bought an extra as a gift .
 The Mystery , Inc. gang is on vacation in Australia and discover a mystery at the rock concert at Vampire Rock . This is one of the new generation of Scooby-Doo animated movies with better mysteries and story lines than the traditional Scooby-Doo cartoons.Scooby and the gang have to solve the mystery of the disappearing rock performers . There has to be a logical explanation , even though everything points to minions of a real vampire doing the kidnapping . Scooby and company discover that rockers experienced with make-up , special effects and theatrics are responsible for the strange goings-on at Vampire Rock . There 's even a `` cameo '' by the `` Hex Girls . ''
 If you follow my reviews , you know that I really liked `` Scooby Doo On Zombie Island '' and `` Scooby Doo and the Witch 's Ghost . '' I did n't much care for `` The Alien Invaders '' or `` Cyber Chase . '' And the less said of the live movie , the better . This brings us to chapter 5 . While `` Zombie Island '' will probably always be the best to me , this 5th chapter brings about the right compromise . It tones Scooby Doo back down to a safe level for children , but it still has mystery , suspense , and a good impact . Before our gang comes on the screen , Daniel is getting ready for a rock concert , but a ` would be ' performer is seemingly kidnapped by vampires . Our favorite gang goes on a vacation to Australia to see a rock concert . And a really great treat is that while Frank Welker never abandoned his role as Fred , he is rejoined by original cast members Heather North -LRB- Daphne -RRB- , Nicole Jaffee -LRB- Velmah -RRB- , and Casey Kasem -LRB- Shaggy -RRB- . -LRB- GREAT ! -RRB- Well , when they get to the concert site , they run into the Hex Girls from `` Scooby Doo and the Witch 's ghost . '' -LRB- Nice continuity . -RRB- They also meet Daniel and Rus who warn them of the disappearances . Rus gives the legend behind the disappearances and we are permitted to wonder if the legend is real or if we are dealing with a bad guy in a mask . -LRB- If we watched `` Zombie Island '' and `` Witch 's Ghost , '' we know that the supernatural is at least a possibility now . -RRB- The gang decides to disguise themselves as another rock band to see if they can find out what is going on . They later meet a rival band -LRB- Bad Omens -RRB- who are not overly nice as well as their manager Jasper who is an opportunist , but not necessarily a bad person . Soon afterwards , we meet the ` head vampire ' again , and learn that he has 3 ` friends . ' We are lead to suspect that the not so nice Bad Omens may be them , but circumstances later remove that as a possible conclusion . So , our gang must look elsewhere or be willing to accept that the vampires are real . Unlike `` Scooby Doo and the Alien Invaders '' or `` Scooby Doo and the Cyber Chase '' this mystery is not so obvious . The gang 's case takes on a more personal nature when their friends the Hex Girls disappear . Without ruining the ending , we are given the familiar search with some new twists . The soundtrack , though not quite on par with that of `` Zombie Island '' seems to make a comeback from `` Alien Invaders '' and `` Cyber Chase . '' The gang 's final confrontation is certainly toned down from `` Zombie Island '' and `` Witch 's Ghost . '' But it does rise back to acceptable levels that carefully balance tension and comedy . -LRB- Being that the original cast is back , they probably could not resist having a scene where Fred carries the whole gang ! And in a sense , Frank Welker did help to carry Scooby Doo as he remained the voice of Fred through a number of different supporting actors . -RRB- The conclusion is a little more than we would have expected , and it does seem appropriate that the reunified cast gives a great performance of the Scooby Doo theme . The original cast would remain together to perform the next movie . -LRB- Chap # 6 `` Monster of Mexico '' -RRB- And even though this 6th chapter is not as good , it 's probably worth it just to see -LRB- or hear -RRB- the original cast together one more time . FINAL NOTE
 I myself think that this is one of the best Scooby movies ever ! My 4 year old son loves it too ! The Yawie Yahoo is a totaly awsome villian and having the Hex Girls in the film was a big plus -LRB- they stared in The Witches Curse -RRB- . I give it a 10 !!!
 This was the first movie we bought with our DVD player , and they were both worth every penny . It was a good story , the music is good , the animation is great , and the children love it ! I highly recommend this movie !
 This Scoody-Doo gets 5 Scooby snacks . It fun and entertaining for all ages . I first thought it might be too scarey , being about vanpires , for my 4 year old , but after watching it , it was not .
 I must say , my 31/2 year old and I have been enjoying all of the Scooby DVD 's that have been released over the last couple of years . This one is a bit different with some changes that are really good to see . Casey Kasem is back doing Shaggy 's voice , which is definitely fantastic -LRB- though it does leave me wondering where this leaves Scott Innes because , frankly , I thought he did a GREAT job in the other movies -RRB- . But , they have also brought back all of the old familiar background tunes from the 70 's cartoons . And , the opening sequence on the ship with the Scooby theme playing is perfectly retro . The vampires are a very modern twist -LRB- not at all `` dracula '' looking - but also not bad -RRB- . The extra features on the DVD are really good -LRB- several Scooby `` music videos '' and a make-your-own monster game -RRB- - my son had a great time with them.Even my husband sat happily through the entire movie , which is truly saying something ! 5 stars !
 My 3 year old loves Scooby , as does Mommy , we bought this early yesterday afternoon -LRB- release day -RRB- , and we watched it 3 times , and then this again this morning . It is a very good movie . She is not afraid of the vampires at all , and she is glued to it still watching it the 4th time , she never even flinched . Good movie for any scooby doo movie collector .
 With the infinite commercials on Cartoon network , my 4 yr old had to be first in line for this one . Casey Kasem is back as the voice of Shaggy along with the retro animation makes the movie.The animation is more like the late 60 's series than the recent new Scooby Doo movies . The detail is not present in the sets . backgrounds etc. , but the look is classic right down to Freddy 's ascot.Definitley worth buying .
 My family and I enjoy classic Scooby-Doo ; we like a good mystery with some antics and humor thrown in for good measure . In subject matter , the Scooby-Doo films tend to range , it seems , from too silly -LRB- e.g. Scooby-Doo and the Reluctant Werewolf -RRB- to too serious -LRB- e.g. Scooby-Doo on Zombie Island -RRB- , and we prefer the classic-style , more serious of these . Scooby-Doo and the Legend of the Vampire is happily one of these films ; though it is flawed , it is worth watching.The movie finds Scooby and the gang in Australia . An extended rock concert is being sucked dry of performers by vampires , and Scooby and the gang attempt to find who or what is causing trouble before the concert loses its life 's blood entirely . The interesting locations and plot make for a nice change of pace.We enjoyed the mystery and clue-gathering , but the usual chase scenes in the final third of the film were too long and confusing . Scooby films routinely play with our notions of who the villians are , so that we will enjoy the surprise ending , but the resolution always makes some kind of sense . Sadly , the exciting chases ran too long and muddied the waters so much that , instead of being reasonably surprised at the end , we were breathless and thinking `` Huh ? '' . Some of the loose-ends were tidied up a bit forcibly , it seemed.Although not the best of the movie series , Scooby-Doo and the Legend of the Vampire is a nice title in the same classic Scooby-Doo style as Scooby-Doo and the Cyber Chase , Scooby-Doo and the Alien Invaders , and Scooby-Doo on Zombie Island -LRB- scary but good -RRB- . The first two-thirds get four stars and the last third gets three stars . Recommended .
 This film reunites Mystery Inc. with the vamp vixens the Hex Girls . It also reunites the team 's original voices from `` The Scooby-Doo Show '' with the exception of the late Don Messick who is much missed . However , Frank Welker does a superb job taking over the Scooby role . KUDOS Guys ! It 's great to hear you as the Mystery Inc. team again . The original voices also return in `` Scooby-Doo and the Monster of Mexico '' . I found this flick fun ! Fans wo n't be disappointed !
 I just put my DVD on the laptop and synced time with the Amazon rental . The amazon rental is definitely a 16x9 original screen . The center of the HD version is the same as the entire frame of my DVD , there is extra detail on the left and right not on the DVD , it 's not cropped in from a 4x3 format original.The movie was apparently originally developed in 16x9 . Great to see . One of my favorite Scooby movies gets better .
 after my first one got broken - had to have a replacement for it - came quickly . Glad to have it &#34; back &#34; .
 I liked this movie because it was about scooby doo and the mystery machine . I like the vampire it was funny
 scooby and the legend of the vampire , your classical scooby adventure this time in australian outback , as they try to solve the mystery of legendary australian yowie yahoo , whose kidnapping musical acts at vampire rock music festival , before it turns them into vampires.hilarious as usual .
 love that it is set in Australia and that scooby and shaggy go on there usual of being chased by the ghost or in this case vampire . great
 This is another great Scooby movie . My daughter is trying to collect all of them . Scooby is an all-time classic ! He never goes out of popularity !
 My daughter loves this movie !! It 's funny and the tunes are catchy ! My daughter always loves the element of surprise at the end of Scooby Doo movies . I highly recommend this !!
 This is n't the best but I just gave it five starts to offset the two star rating and the fact that the new ones -LRB- Which are n't as good as the originals like this -RRB- have five stars yet this one does n't
 Great to find a cheap dvd that the whole family enjoys . This is one of the better current movies in the Scooby Doo chain .
 It may not be the best entry in the current string of animated Scooby movies ; but , anything with The Hex Girls in it ca n't be all bad . If you like Scooby , you 'll like this . The animation , story , voice acting , and music are all good . The extras are not usually the strong suit of these entries . This is the case with The Legend of the Vampire .
 We love this Scooby movie . My children loves the rock-n-roll aspect . I like they tried a `` location '' in Austraila , too . Definitely recommend this one .
 I really enjoyed this movie . I like having the chance to see an authentic voice of China , something that actually happened .
 After reading some bad reviews I was very skeptical about this movie.But clearly it delivers very accurate , and unbiased history.I strongly object the idea that this film is a propaganda.First of all , it never puts the Chairman Mao to the first place.Doesn ' t emphasize Deng XiaoPing at all.If it it had been a propaganda , these two figures would have stolen the whole movie.It only delivers the real conversations , events , and nothing but the facts.You can read all these not only from the Chinese archives but anywhere from wikipedia to history books.I do accept the fact that there are way too many characters to follow and too many key conversations that played great importances in the history but if you really pay attention , you never lose the track.I recommend watching it alone , even then you might need to pause and rewind . In some scenes you ca n't follow the subtitles due partly you need to read the legends that explain the date , location , and historic figure 's name etc.If you 'd like to know how , when , and why the Chinese went into the civil war , this is the history 101 . In terms of film making , the acting is good , filming , lights , costumes and everything you can think of is good.Another 5 star movie from China.I really enjoyed it , and strongly recommend it if you liked any of the following
 The film is shot wonderfully . Every scene is a feast for the eyes . The soundtrack goes well with the action and down scenes . Very historically accurate , although not knowing all the main players of the period can be tough to follow , but I loved it anyway . I could watch this without subtitles and still enjoy it . 5 Stars across the board , totally recommended .
 When I first watched this , the difficulty rested in how to categorize this legitimately . We have action , a little gore , lots of plot twists , suspense , thriller , dark comedy and a little bit of sex . So I say it gets it all , and with a nice cast to boot.Alan Rickman is great once again and plays one of the more despicable characters I have seen him fulfill . He is cast as the adulterous professor/Nobel Prize winner that finds his son kidnapped/ransomed for the money he will be receiving . His adulterous wife -LRB- sublime yet believable in Steenburgen -RRB- tags along all whilst the detective -LRB- Pullman -RRB- tracks the strange truths and twists of the case . Eliza Dushku plays an R role , and the rest of the cast gives some fun performances , especially from Hatosy and even a little part for Devito.The quality of the DVD and the 5.1 are adequate , with plenty of featurettes/deleted scenes that help show the production 's back story and missing parts . A worthwhile film that has gotten little press , and even less distribution . Hope you enjoy a fun , plot twisting film that can be appreciated up to the last scene .
 This movie is a very fast moving plot with lots of twists and turns that sometimes leaves you unsure of what just happened . In the end though it all comes together and is really quite entertaining . Alan Rickman is convincing as a self centered , egotistical and boorish nobel prize winner who is soon embroiled in a kidnapping plot . Family loyalties are tested and priorities examined . Mary Steenburgen is perfect as Rickman 's wife who has to endure his personality flaws while dealing with the brutal kidnapping of their son . Things are n't as they seem though and the ending is a surprise . Definitely worth a watch .
 First , the summary on the back of the case is inaccurate . Second , there are a couple of squeamish bits . One is quite graphic - involving the uh , taking of a thumb ; the other , also involving body parts , is quite shocking , but is later ... er ... mitigated.Rickman is wonderful as a self-important , philandering professor . The plot is wonderfully puzzling , and , for all its twistedness , not lacking in humanity or heart.And that 's all I can say about that .
 This was a very dark humored film . It is definitely for adults only . There were violent and graphic scenes also sexual scenes . This film was a little too dark -LRB- in parts -RRB- for me but I 'm sure others would enjoy it thoroughly . Alan Rickman must have had fun doing this role . The ending was worth waiting it .
 It twists and turns and requires some attention -LRB- not for the slow of mind -RRB- to more than the obvious ! Got lots of the Pulp Fiction speed and intensity with a little sex and gore which manages not to overpower the plot - it 's bound for cult classic following.For his legions of fans - Rickman never disappoints and this is no exception , smart , smarmy and sarcasm to spare ! He has an excellent supporting cast of characters that unveil this deliciously twisted thriller in patchwork vignettes which are ultimately assembled for the final reveal ! Made me want to immediately see it again to `` catch '' the details I missed the first time around.Definitely worth the watch ... and I will watch it again !
 A really well-done , twisted mystery-thriller-comedy , where the story is so good that you want to watch the film more than once . Having Alan Rickman as the grumpy old man , who gets what he has coming to him , is a great casting decision . Eliza Dushku is also very good in her role .
 The cast was great . Very clever scripting and plot . Alan Rickman is sensational as a narcissistic Nobel laureate winner . Highly recommended .
 Great movie , Great condition ! I am very pleased with my purchase !!! I give this product five stars because of how amazing it is
 lots of fun and twists that keep you enjoying every minute . only one quibble . it 's the same one people consistently have . there is never enough alan rickman in any film ! do n't let this dissuade you from seeing this movie . he is the star , is on screen as much as anyone and his brilliance makes his character 's ego the cause and effect of everything that occurs . every actor in this film is spot on . mary steenburgen is superb . danny devito , bill pullman , the two `` sons '' , bryan greenberg and shawn hatosy are all perfect . there is n't a single weak link here . make no mistake rickman effortlessly rules every scene he 's in . he always does . but the other actors are up to the task . in this funny , quirky film they are all truly terrific.speaking to rickman 's character , ted danson has a wonderful line '' ... someone 's going to shoot you long before i have to fire you ! '' . do n't worry . he does n't get shot . but , when the actor playing the `` bad guy '' makes you care about him , even like him ! ... really , how often can you say that ? about alan rickman , always . no matter what his part . anyway , he 's not the real villain in this story . just wonderfully despicable . at one point he tells ernie hudson `` it 's lonely at the top . you 're lucky you 're not a genius '' . you will agree that we viewers are very lucky that he is just that . see the movie . you 'll be glad you did .
 I laughed so hard sometimes my stomach hurt ! Alan Rickman is brilliant as a cheating , plagiarizing , self-centered Nobel Prize winning teacher who 's son gets `` kidnapped '' for his Nobel money as ransom ! Twists & Turns , along with deceit and bits of insanity ... a fun movie !
 3.8 starsI 'm surprised by how much some folks seem to dislike this one here and on Rotten Tomatoes , especially as it 's pretty clearly a dark lampoon that never takes itself too seriously . The script , while occasionally too clever by half , has many memorable lines and moments and enables the actors here to deliver some nice performances . Rickman is as ever a very good bad guy , and Hatosy is the pick of the rest , really getting inside his character and making his scenes crackle a little brighter.But they all get short shrift about 80 minutes in , when the movie goes from goofy to sheer silliness . Nothing wrong with either of those things , but there are so many plot twists in such little time that it gets tangled up like a poorly cast fishing line , and it 's easy to lose track of the lure . If the entire last thirty minutes had been cut this might be a really fine little thriller . Then again , it 's the weirdness/unporedictability of it all that distinguishes the film , so maybe it 's just as well they were n't . All I know is that while Nobel Son is far from perfect , it entertained me in many ways , surprised me in many others , and all in all was a truly unique film , for better and worse . The techno part of the soundtrack is suitably aggressive and pulsating , and it 's nice to hear Oakenfold apply his sonic edge to a full OST -LRB- his cd Tranceport is one of the classic trance mixes , btw , well worth checking out if you dig his work here -RRB- . If you like any of these actors , or just enjoy not knowing what 's coming next or even what just happened , Nobel Son should keep your brain busy .
 Alan Rickman is so fine when he creates his dysfunctional characterizations . This one is particulary unlovable , and perhaps edgy to a really uncomfortable degree . There is truly nothing redeeming in his professor . He uses people , treats them shabbily and moves on with no growth from one disastrous liaison to the next . That he gets his final comeuppance is a relief.If you enjoy watching Rickman work , as I do , this is worthwhile . The story is painfully unrelieved for the most part -- not exactly edifying , but Rickman always makes whatever piece he is in worthwhile , for me , at least . This is not a `` fun '' movie . It is the story of one of the most selfish of men and no one looks very good in it . Dark , and stultifyingly constrained . The `` black comedy '' is heavy-handed . Steenburgen , Greenberg , and Hatosy gave fine performances -- Hatosy coming up with licks that I had n't seen from him before . And as a Wes alum , I like following Joss Whedon 's work as well . There are many reasons for recommending this piece . Entertainment is not one of them . Art and technical work come closer to the mark .
 Eli Michaelson -LRB- Alan Rickman -RRB- is arrogant , narcissistic , and an all-round pig of a man . When he wins the Nobel prize in chemistry , his wife -LRB- Mary Steenburgen -RRB- and son are expected to join him when he is presented with the two million dollars . Instead , his son is kidnapped and held for ransom for that exact amount.This is a perfect indie film with a bizarre script with endless twists and turns , excellent actors in quirky , often off-putting roles , a loud , funky soundtrack , and a pace that 's so quick you 'll need to see the movie twice to absorb it all . The ensemble cast is headed by Alan Rickman at his sarcastic best , wallowing happily in his role as a heartless husband and father . He 's wonderful . Steenburgen 's role is never fully explained ; why would she stay married to such a beast ? Bill Pullman is great as the cop who investigates the kidnapping . He 's sympathetic , professional , and ultra-creepy all at the same time . Bryan Greenberg is good as the kidnap victim . Danny de Vito and Ted Danson round out the cast in small parts.The exciting script will keep you guessing and the acting is top-notch . Recommended .
 Alan Rickman , notorious for playing villians , is really put to the test in Nobel Son . He is both , the villian and the victim - a dual role which he most masterfully rises to . One moment you can be cringing with embarassment because of him , and the next feel sorry that he 's being taken ... even though you know he absolutely deserves it!The film is full of twists and turns , right up to the end , which means it 's very entertaining . I certainly recommend Nobel Son - it 's worth the ride .
 are the among the best I have seen in a while . . love the mini cooper action in the mall . . If you liked Italian Job , you 'll like this one too . .
 John Cleese , Graham Chapman , Peter Cook , Rowan Atkinson , Michael Palin , Eleanor Bron , Dawn French & Jennifer Saunders , Stephen Fry & Hugh Laurie , Neil Innes , Lenny Henry , Robbie Coltrane , Ade Edmondson , Terry Jones , Tim Brooke-Taylor ... and lots more , too many to list ... this collection of performances from benefit shows for Amnesty International is an absolute MUST for all British comedy fans . Yes , a couple of the later shows are awful , and yes , most of the musical guests are annoying and unwanted . But who cares ? This set is full of comic treasures you wo n't see anywhere else . Peter Cook fans will be particularly delighted as he renders his finest monologue of all time -LRB- written specifically for this show -RRB- , performs great sketches with his big fan John Cleese , and joyously reunites with Dudley Moore . Some of Rowan Atkinson 's earliest and finest live work is here , and he also gets to do terrific things with Cleese . There 's the definitive version of the Beyond the Fringe sketch `` End of the World '' , terrific Neil Innes performances , and Jennifer Saunders ushering a musical guest offstage because he 's `` gone a bit , you know , boring . '' `` House , MD '' fans can see Hugh Laurie with his longtime comedy partner Stephen Fry , mocking the very concept of comedy in their surreal Hedge Sketch . And more and more ! I ca n't possibly list all the great stuff in this huge collection , but I definitely recommend it ! -LRB- It 's a good-quality dvd set , indexed by sketch , so it 's easy to queue up all the good bits and ignore the rest . -RRB- IMPORTANT NOTE
 Like its predecessors , this video is a blend of musical performances and some of the biggest names in British comedy . While there is more emphasis on the musical performances this time around , there is still plenty of funny stuff . Particularly funny is the backhanded `` tribute '' to John Cleese , who was instrumental in getting the series started . Another one to look for is the `` shrubbery '' sketch , in which the performers ca n't seem to get their lines straight .
 The real reason to buy this video is to see Kate Bush and Dave Gilmour from Pink Floyd do an inspired live version of her hit `` Running Up That Hill . '' She rarely performs live and so to have a documented visual of her performing before an audience is a real treat . The rest of the video and the music performances are so-so . Nice to see Joan Armatrading doing her usual wonderful work . Ruby Wax hosts it and has some funny lines . John Cleese puts in an appearance . Just buy it for Kate .
 This wonderful boxed set of the charity comedy concerts from 1976 through to 1991 contains some of the best live comedy/satire ever produced . Everybody will have their favourites , but two or three standout for me.The four Yorkshire sketch is a masterpiece . Somehow I had never heard the Python original prior to seeing this version . So this remains my favourite . `` Our Dad used to slice us in two with bread knife '' ... etc etc.However best of all is Peter Cook . We are so lucky that he performed at these shows and in particular that his marvellous skit on the Judges summing up of the Jeremy Thorpe -LRB- the then leader of the Liberal Party -RRB- related trial is captured on film as well as in sound - `` I would like to pay a personal tribute to Mr Thropes husband Miriam ... `` Another excellent sketch that Cook contributes to is the one with John Cleese on the park bench . Cook has minutes of tedious dialogue -LRB- from his character E L Whisty -RRB- during which Cleese is trying to read the paper and getting more and more irratated with Cook . In fact at one point Cleese almost loses it and laughs . In the end Cooks dialogue is rewarded with a classic Cleese rant to which Cook replies `` How very interesting ! '' . Rowan Atkinson makes a number of memorable appearances as previous reviewers have pointed out and many other well known comedians contribute ably to the whole proceedings.The music DVD is a mixed bag , but there are some great moments . The rarity of seeing Eric Clapton and Jeff Beck performing on stage together on ` Further on up the Road ' and Pete Townsend performing ` Pinball Wizard ' solo being the highlights for me.The boxed set is well packaged on four discs and the total running time is 581 mins -LRB- 9 hours and 41 minutes -RRB- , so you get a lot for your money .
 Good Video quality . a lot of nice drops and backwoods riding . it would have gotten five stars but i feel slednecks could put in a few more sections of the FMX stuff with Frisbee
 I purchased this for a German Friend who is an equestrian . He had hoped for more , but it was a great video for an overview and for a view of the city . Not so good if you were hoping to see detailed events .
 I absoulutly loved that movie . Although it was a little strange , I thought the modern music was really cool . It made the movie more enjoyable . And for people who say the costumes were inaccurte , they mostly were n't , the makeup was . In scenes where Jocelyen has paint on her face , that was mostly unheard of during medevil times . -LRB- she also did her hair like a punk rocker ! -RRB- I really liked the scene where they dance to `` Golden Years , '' that was different but very cool . All and all Ledger sizzles , Hedgeland is halarious , and Addy is good hearted . A must see !
 I really thought that this movie was so much fun . That 's all I have to say ! I 'll be sure to buy it here when it comes out .
 A Knights tale was a fantastic movie!Funny , romantic , all the works ! The story was so amazing . And the cast could of never been better , they totally had a good cast . Heath Ledger steamed up the screen , Shannyn Sossamon was beatiful , Mark Addy , Paul Bettany , Larua Fraser and Alan Tudyk we hilarious!This movie is the coolest . I Loved It ! Well worth seeing ! I have to see it again . Very heart filling movie , everyone should see it ! The story is about a man from childhood , dreaming to change the stars , and ends up doinging it . With the help of his friends and his beloved Jocelyn , he does what no one could ever dream to do . Its finaminal !
 It 's a rare thing when I actually want to see a movie that 's released into theatres . I find that all too often movies are full of violence , swearing , and sex . I was very much relieved when I heard about this release coming out -- and I was not in the least disappointed . In fact , it was better than I imagined ! The story is funny , exciting and inspiring . It 's message is to reach for your dreams and to not let circumstances stop you . As for the cast , they were all great in their roles . Particularly noteworthy , however , are not its stars but rather the actor who turned in a fine performance as a young Geoffrey Chaucer -LRB- another reason why I wanted to see this film -- it was supposedly what gave Chaucer the idea for his `` Canterbury Tales '' -RRB- . All in all , it is a great film for the entire family . I wish it the best of luck at the summer box office .
 The film was enjoyable . It has action for the men and a love story for the women . It was also pretty humorous .
 This movie was so funny and great ! I 'm going to go see it again for my 4th time . It gets better each time !
 I first saw a sneak preview of the whole movie a week before it came out , and then I went back and saw it again the day after it came out with 5 friends , and we all loved it ! This movie has everything ! Heath Ledger is not only VERY HOT , but a FANTASTIC ACTOR . All of the parts are played very well , and the plot is great . A knight 's tale is a comedy/action/drama / romance , and is able to that without being corny . You do not want to miss this one , and after you see it you will want to see it again and again , plus buy the movie when it comes out , and get the soundtrack ! The only people who should n't see this movie are those who ca n't stand movies that are n't historically correct or do n't like comedy . oh , and do n't worry about the jousting , the movie actually is n't very violent and has almost no blood . This movie rocks !
 I went too see it the day after it came out and I loved it !!! Two seens that were goofy -LRB- the dancing seen and the We Will/We Will Rock You at the beginnig of the movie . Although the We Will/We Will Rock You seen is kinda cool , but not medevil -RRB- . The fighting seens are GREAT and REALISTIC . The parts at the end almost made me cry , becuase of happiness !!! I ca n't wait till it comes out on DVD . Again you should go see it if you have n't !!!
 The film , `` A Knight 's Tale '' is the story of a poor boy , William Thatcher , who even though not known at the time of noble birth , strives to be a Knight . Some may say , predictible and bad , I say make a better one . This is an excellent film , that will surely help Heath Ledger 's upstarting career . The film shows the true beauty of London with it 's locations . I can not get over realistic it is to the elder times of which this film was set . The action scenes were very intense , with seeming as if it were really happening . Also , stay tuned after the credits , because there is a special scene that is just laughs . Personaly , it could of been not there , but whatever `` they '' want.Have a good one.Ryan
 I thought that this movie was one of the best movies I have ever seen , it made me laugh it made me cry . Heath Ledger did a wonderful performance . If I could I would see it again . I would incourage you all to see this movie , It was awesome .
 My family loved this movie from my 10 yr . son even my husband ... Action ... suspence ... . Great . There was no nudity , Very little language ... . and a great story line . What more could you want from a movie ? We give it 2 thumbs up
 This is a great movie !!!!!!!!!! It 's sweet , funny , entertaining and exciting . It 's a wonderful mix of action , comedy , and romance . People have been giving it negetive reviews because of the way it draws modern songs and styles into a medieval time setting . But that 's what gives it it 's charm and makes it fun to watch !
 Recently , when I have seen movies in the theater , I have been uninterested with stale plots and bad acting . When I saw A Knight 's Tale , I was very pleasantly suprised . However , the DVD added that much more to my enjoyment of the movie . Learning about the complexities and the time it took to do the jousting scenes really made me appreciate the effort put in to this great movie . This movie is one of those that come along only every once in a while and the DVD will add greatly to your experience . Make this part of your DVD collection now , because in ten years , it will truly be a classic .
 Okay , okay , I admit that this is truly one of my life 's guilty pleasures . At least this piece of fantasy does n't even try to pass itself off as history . From watching the extra material , though , it is obvious that the writer/director did a good deal of research into jousting . If you 're looking for a couple of hours of mindless frivolity , this is the place . The cast looks as though they are having the time of their lives .
 Excellent period reproduction with today 's modern dialogue ! The centrical serious moments are countered with hilarious banter of merry men on a journey of true life . This life is displayed in Love , Jealousy , Rage , Comradrie and most of all Honor . The gift of being anything you can imagine is portrayed beautifully . Watch and enjoy , for you to can change your stars if you 'll only try .
 It had to happen eventually - Hollywood updating mediaeval European Chivalry complete with Jousting , Heraldry and Fair Maidens . But fear not , dear reader , for this is a finely crafted and handsomely presented tale!Never taking itself too seriously `` A Knight 's Tale '' manages to pull off a presentation which is lighthearted , exciting and also amusing . I particularly enjoyed the inclusion of Geoffrey Chaucer , roving poet and wit , who finds himself employed as Herald to our hero Knight with amusing effect . The film moves along at a fair pace and keeps the level of action and interest high as well as bringing in a frisson of romance . Top marks to the Director and Cast for having created exactly what they set out to do.In short this is a film which is very enjoyable though one which will not set the earth alight with originality . I enjoyed it immensely and recommend it for an enjoyable night in .
 Not only is Heath really really hot and sexy in the movie , it is also a really good movie . The way that it is him coming from being poor and fighting to get to the top . He becomes Sir Ulrich so the he can compete and when they find out the he is not of royal birth they dont let him compete anymore and then the prince who he helped before knights him and the he is Sir William and this is one of the best movies if it is not the best already !! Heath is hot !! and Shannyn Sossamon has the coolest clothes !! Good movie !! it really is !! you should go out and see it if you havent already which is hard to believe .
 I just rented A Knights Tale and love it ! Cant wait until it comes out for sale . ITs full of adventure and romance . The soundtrack is different , combining classical renaissance music with modern rock . The jousting action is amazing . The storyline is of course a traditional love story with adark bad guy and a fair good guy . Just a wonderful movie to watch .
 I collected all Heath Ledger 's movies after his unexpected and untimely death , this one was the BEST ! This movie is very clever and done quite well ! It has some modern things mixed with the days of old medeval times . GREAT MOVIE !!
 My daughter saw this movie on TV.She asked me to order a copy of it.I found it on Amazon.com.My daughter has shared this withall her friends . It is a hit withthe teenage crowd !
 This movie is great ! As always , AMAZON provided unbeatable service , quality , prices , communication . Only place I order movies from ! AMAZON ROCKS !
 The extended scenes were interesting , but ultimately added nothing to the film . I enjoyed the edited version just as much .
 I thought that it would have arrived sooner , but it still came within a week . I 'm very happy with the movie .
 We will never forget Heath Ledger . He absolutely shined in this movie as Willam Thatcher playing `` Sir Urlich Von Lichenstein of Gelderland '' as he sought to `` change his stars '' to become a nobleman in medieval Europe by jousting to rock music . This very unique movie has captured my heart forever . I will never forget how William -LRB- Heath -RRB- never gives up in jousting tournaments trying to win the heart of the noblewoman Jocelyn -LRB- Shannyn Sossamen -RRB- and how he overcomes his lower class status in British society to win . This movie does n't take itself too seriously , but is great fun to watch . The music is the cherry on top . R.I.P. Heath , you will be missed by alot of people who really cared about you . Paul Bettany also stands out as `` Chaucer '' , in this film . 1/24/08 .
 We will never forget Heath Ledger . He absolutely shined in this movie as Willam Thatcher playing `` Sir Urlich Von Lichenstein of Gelderland '' as he sought to `` change his stars '' to become a nobleman in medieval Europe by jousting to rock music . This very unique movie has captured my heart forever . I will never forget how William -LRB- Heath -RRB- never gives up in jousting tournaments trying to win the heart of the noblewoman Jocelyn -LRB- Shannyn Sossamen -RRB- and how he overcomes his lower class status in British society to win . This movie does n't take itself too seriously , but is great fun to watch . The music is the cherry on top . R.I.P. Heath , you will be missed by alot of people who really cared about you . Paul Bettany also stands out as `` Chaucer '' , in this film . 1/24/08 .
 Great Picture and great story , Great discounted pirce -LRB- Bought it BOGO deal -RRB- Great movie to add into your Blu-ray collections .
 The only thing I really did not care for in the movie , was the addition of the `` modern '' songs such as `` We will rock you , '' by Queen . Do n't get me wrong , I do n't mind the song when it is on the radio , but call me a fool for thinking that it has little place in a movie set in Renaissance Europe . Other than that , I find little , if any fault in the movie . As one who is a fan , and attendee of many Renaissance festivals and who has seen Jousting combat first hand , I can say that this is superbly well done . Well acted , and a plot that is not too over the top , or mind numbingly dull . While I do n't think this is a `` must get '' , I do think that you could do a lot worse .
 Title says some of why I love this movie , a very smart and articulate love/comedy musical . With an awesome soudtrack -LRB- Bowie 's Golden Years is a blast -RRB- and vibrant picture , it 's imposible not to thouroughly enjoy this movie that 's got it all and in Blu-Ray , it just got better . Up there on my cult classics list . 5 stars .
 I saw this movie in the theater the first day it came out , and I was very pleasantly surprised with it ! I honestly did n't think the movie would turn out to be as entertaining as it is . The sets and period costumes are wonderful , and they let you imagine what it would have been like to actually be there . Heath Ledger gives a strong performance , equally adept at comedy as he is at drama . Some of the best performances in the movie are from the actors who play his friends . Mark Addy is absolutely perfect as Geoffrey Chaucer , and his character is especially fun if you know his history before you see the movie . There 's great chemistry between Ledger and his friends , but one of the film 's problems is a bit of an occasional lack of chemistry between Ledger and Shannyn Sossamon , who gives an otherwise good , funny performance as Jocelyn . This has already become one of my favorite movies on DVD , but for most people , it 's going to be a love-it-or-hate-it movie .
 A Knight 's Tale is far more entertaining than most of this summer 's bloated blockbusters . Being a medieval history buff , I made myself close eyes on numerous colossal absurdities -LRB- costumes with sewed in sleeves , cowboy-style breeches , a woman-armorer and dozens , dozens of more -RRB- and enjoyed this witty , well-directed , well-acted spectacle . What more do you need in a movies where courage , generosity and friendship win over wickedness and intrigues , bringing knightly virtues `` to the masses '' ? Although as if set in France and England of the 14th century , it 's a fairytale world that merely looks a bit like medieval Europe . A world where clear-skinned babes in fantastically un-medieval costumes can be sarcastic to clergymen , where a lance striking in the chest squarely for countless times merely chafes inconsequently , where a young ruffian -LRB- H. Ledger -RRB- can train himself to be a knight over two weeks , enter the world of beautiful maidens -LRB- who are being tanned and hazel-eyed deviate far from the beauty standards of those times -RRB- , contests with a ruthless count -LRB- R. Sewell -RRB- raised on combat , wins tournament after tournament , finds glory , riches and receives his knighthood from the tip of the sword of the Crown Prince.The cast owes to 2/3 of the flick 's success
 Ok so I saw the movie just for Heath Ledger in the beginning -LRB- Do ya Blame me ? -RRB- And I think Heath Ledger does a remarkable job in this movie . The character William is a far cry from Patrick in 10 Things I Hate About You , but Ledger does a stunning job in this role as well . I was expecting something rather serious considering the issues involved , but was nicely surprised to see the remarkable comedy in the movie . Although the movie does have some serious moments and the overtone of the movie is a serious one dealing with the distinctions of classes among people the overall movie I found to be Hilarious . There are moments of minimal violence involved in the Joust . I will add it too my collection as soon as it is released to own . If you saw Robin Hood Men in Tights and found it funny then you really should see this movie . Although the comedy is not as obvious and slapstick it is still there in all it 's glory . I would recommend everyone see this movie .
 Peasants chanting Queen 's `` We Will Rock You ? '' A medieval royal ball gone disco ? You may think it 's silly , and you 'd be right
 It 's not irony , that just tonight I was going to do a review on A Knight 's Tale . It saddens me that so many movie goers never really got his films , or often talked about them as trivial and unimportant . I found his roles ripe , fresh and full of vigor and controversy . Roles that spanned the epic The Patriot , to Lords of Dogtown and The Ten Things I hate about you ; as well as the endearing and touching Brokeback Mountain . We were just getting a soft whisper of a voice yet unheard , that was only beginning to shout to the world how a champion would be born.What could have been , like River , we shall never know , but I think I speak for a majority of movie lovers , who will appreciate his work until our own passing , and give condolences to his family , his friends , his daughter , and the countless lives he touched with his amazing and powerful roles , and the jaded ways of our world , and our lives in it , and why and how a young life can be so suddently taken from us , before it has a chance to really shine and set afire the world of cinema.His wit and charm and smiles in A Knight 's Tale , made it easy to like him , and root him on . Its hard to do a period piece , with humor and sincerity , while rocking a music selection that others would find abruptly unsuitable . But it worked for moi.Rest In Peace Young Man . `` The charm of fame is so great that we like every object to which it is attached , even death
 If you take yourself very very seriously , do not see this film . If you have frequent feelings of superiority , do not see this film . If you spend more time mocking others than laughing at yourself , do not see this film.Otherwise , if you 're someone who enjoys seeing the good guy win , get the girl and triumph over the kind of people described in the first paragraph ... you 'll like this movie.Honestly , some of these other reviewers should lighten up .
 This movie is just plain fun . At first , the modern day music inserted into the minuete dancing scenes seemed odd , but I think the director 's suggestion is to make the viewers realize that in their day , the music and the dances may have been considered as much the ` modern , young sound ' that we think our music is to us these days .
 This is more than a tale . It defines what it means to be a real man . It demonstrates how one can show their love by listening and by following the wish of the one they love over their own will one moment . In another moment one may be required to make a decision that is contrary but proves the pure moral fiber of ones character . It is truly inspiring.A Knight 's Tale
 I 've watched this movie so many times I can talk along with it for most of the movie . `` It 's called a lance . . hello ''
 Seen this movie many times so that should tell you I like it . Very humorous with a good story . I love stories that have a misfit group that come together like a family and work as a team . This is a must see !
 Well , not sure if it 's my # 1 movie , but definitely in my Top 5 !! This movie falls into so many categories ... love story , good vs evil , dream fulfilled , and a few more . All centered around a medieval jousting theme . I LOVE THIS MOVIE !!
 This movie has gradually become one of my favorites over the years . A very few years ago it did a several month stretch on the movie channels when it seemed to be on several times a week . It was n't unusual during that period for my wife and I to catch it every couple of weeks or so.Heath Ledger is perfect as the squire masquerading as a knight , and Rufus Sewell portrays a villain with an unexpected depth of character.Many parts are just as funny to me every time I watch it -LRB- in many ways like a lot of scenes in Tootsie -RRB- . The film is very unique in that it consistently breaks with the ` period ' , yet seems to portray it in a believable way anyhow . I think the reason for this is that the anachronisms serve to involve us in the events in the same way behavior of the time would have drawn those living several hundred years ago ... but we would n't fully understand or appreciate those same behaviors now . So the modern behaviors help to involve us in the same way that those of the period might have felt . That sounded convoluted as I wrote it , I hope people get it . LOL The film is also a beautiful piece of cinematography if you see it well presented . This is a movie that I first saw on cable , many times -LRB- and before we had HD -RRB- . I have since bought it twice . Once to see the original wide-screen format , and again on Blu-ray . If you are not really stuck up and stiff about the movies you watch , and have a sense of humor AT ALL , you will enjoy this film in at least a lesser measure , and likely a greater measure.The Blu ray presentation is gorgeous . Visually , the heart of the movie are the jousting scenes , with beautiful horses and gleaming armor . The Blu ray does n't disappoint , looking far better than even the HD presentation on movie channels .
 We love this film because it is one the whole family can enjoy together , including our 7 year old . There are a few naughty words in it so we did explain that they were adult words that he should n't repeat but there are n't many and he they usually go over his head !
 These movie in blu ray is excelent !!! the pictures are espectacular and have subtitle in Spanish . The regular DVD do n't have subtitle in Spanish . A great buy .
 HEATH LEDGER IS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING IN THIS MEDIEVIL FILM . HE IS FIRST OF ALL THE HOTTEST MAN ALIVE AND SECONDLY , A GREAT ACTOR . HIS TALENT IS BEYOND EXPLAINING AND IT IS PROVED IN THIS MOVIE . IT IS ABOUT A YOUNG MAN THAT WANTS TO BE A KNIGHT THAT IS IN JOUSTING COMPETITIONS . HOWEVER , BECAUSE OF HIS PAST , HE DOES NOT HAVE ROYAL BLOOD WHICH MAKES HIM UNELIGIBLE TO COMPETE . THIS IS ABOUT HIS FIGHT TO `` CHANGE THE STARS . '' IF YOU ARE A HUGE HEATH LEDGER FAN , LIKE ME , YOU CANT MISS THIS . EVEN IF YOU ARENT , THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE TO SEE , SHOWING THAT DETERMINATION STRONG WILL CAN OVERCOME ALL BARRIERS .
 This is a extremely entertaining movie . I mean what could be more entertaining than watching two guys on horses race toward each other knowing that one is going to get a nasty headache . Seriously this is a great movie . The acting of these people is fantastic , particularly Heath Ledger . It has both action , comedy , and some very emotional scenes . -LRB- The gambler loses all his clothes twice , the character reunites with his father , the peasant is knighted . -RRB- True it is a long one but the time flies by . Plus it is a fun movie for the family . -LRB- Provided the kids involved are teens . -RRB- It loses a star because the plot is a little tired . Peasant falls in love with rich girl , must fight rich brat for her , girl loves the peasant , peasant becomes the hero , wins the respect of all his peers , rich guy loses everything , everyone lives happily ever after . Does this not sound familiar to you . Yet it is still an exciting movie that makes you want to stay in the theatre until the very end . Definetely worth your money .
 a great story with funny turn of events . Very well done . You will enjoy it .
 I loved a Knight 's Tale as it was funny . This is not a movie to be taken seriously . It has lots of humor , love and even some history in it . But the over-all movie is to root for the underdog and come out smiling . This movie is personally one of my favorite Heath Ledger movies.Heath plays William who is a peasant squire and ends up passing himself off for a knight and ends up jousting his way up ! Makes for an amazing story . He has a rival that will do anything to stop him in his tracks ... and when it comes to the scene against one another you will be on the edge of you set rooting for one and hating the other . You will be riding along with each one , laughing at all the jokes and so forth if you go in not wanting this movie to be serious ! I highly recommend this movie for a great comedy night and if you are a fan of any of the actors and actresses in this movie .
 When I ordered the `` Knights Tale '' DVD , I was not expecting to receive it before the stated due date . It was shipped early and I was surprised not only with how quick I received it , but the DVD was as advertised - that has not been the case with all my purchases . Thank you for exceeding my expectations - I appreciate you !
 Item arrived as promised
 Good Movie ...
 Even though I 'm not a big Heath Ledger fan , I enjoyed this movie . It 's got some great humor in it ... especially with Paul Bettany . I had never seen him in such a role and he was hysterical !
 What more could i say . Story , screenplay , sound ; what more could u want ?
 What a nice reprieve from current events and films that we are told are `` Best Picture '' quality only to find that they are depressing , poorly acted , or have the same tired old Hollywood `` I must be serious to be good '' theme . Enjoy the music and the acting and take a nice break . I intend on buying this one for my collection .
 From beginning to end this movie combines knights in shining armor that are dueling in the jousting ring with classic rock and roll . This was n't a movie that will get confused with history and I seriously doubt that the director tried to make it that way . It 's a new twist on an old tale that comes out in the end with a great plot . I really enjoyed this one .
 A Knight 's Tale is filled comedy , action , and even a bit of romance ! It has it all ! It is filled with dazzling sets , authentic-looking costumes , and the script is wonderful ! I think that everyone should see this movie . I saw it three times in two days !
 I do n't have tv so I did n't know what to expect when I went to see this movie . I like medievil and rennaissance things , but I basically had no clue . The movie starts off with the audience of the joust stomping their fists and clapping their hands to Queen 's `` we will rock you '' , which makes you think `` Oh great , what kind of stupid movie did I get into ? '' But after that there is only 1 other time I can think of where the music is an interactive part of the movie . It 's just a pleasant background that livens the attitude of the movie without being intrusive at all . Alan Tudyk 's character Wat , and Paul Bettany 's Chaucer character were great . The movie 's plot does n't leave alot of room for the main knight to have much individual personality , but there is plenty of personality in the supporting characters which makes the whole movie very enjoyable . I saw it with my mom and little brother and we do n't usually agree on movies , but all three of us came out all smiles . Later my boyfriend watched it , and he 's into those Rocky movies and Braveheart and those kind of things , totally different taste in movies than I have , and he really liked it too . I 'm going to get it on dvd as soon as it comes out , check it out ! By the way , none of us think Heath Ledger 's cute , and we all still liked it . So if you 're not a teenybopper little kid , you still will want to watch it . Oh , by the way , aknightstale.com has an interactive joust and a crest maker and stuff like that .
 Okay , i admit it . The only reason I went to see this movie is beacuse I 'm a heath ledger addict BUT I was wonderfully surprised . It was clever , well done , and very funny . I was happy to find the supporting cast were absolutely awsome . I was pleasantly shocked to find i enjoyed them more than heath . It 's well put together and the anachronisms are even enjoyable -LRB- as opposed to annoying . I 'm sure you all know how annoying it is when you 're trying to enjoy a ` period ' movie and little stuff about how the costumes are all wrong or how some major historical event that _ everybody _ knows about has been altered just so the two main characters can meet or die or something . no?just me ? oh well -RRB- Anyway , what i 'm getting at is that the modern music and adittudes really work because it 's genuine and people can relate to it even if it is n't ` period ' . Espescially since the movie is more about destiny and changing your destiny to suit yourself than it is about a knight jousting to win the honor of a lady or whatever . All in all it 's the best movie i 've seen in years and i ca n't wait to own it . Go see it , i promise you 'll love every minute of it !
 I have to say , I LOVED this movie . I thought it was brilliant and witty and funny and stirring , even after I watched it for a second , third and fourth time ... if anything , it actually got better with each repeat viewing.As a general rule , I love knights and castles and medieval weapons . In fact , there 's a special place in my heart for all things medieval -- except for the black plague of course ! Sadly , though , I find that most movies about knights and medieval times are actually rather pathetic . Not so in this case , though . This movie really worked!Yes , as many reviewers have pointed out , this movie has a contemporary soundtrack , not an authentic medieval one . But personally , I liked that . It reminded me that even though this movie is set in olden times , the kids back then were the same as they are today -- they wanted to go out dancing to hip tunes and get into fights and fall in love and become heroes and live their dreams and make a better life for themselves . The lifestyle might have been different back then , but the people were basically the same as they are now . Plus , the songs in the soundtrack were classics , and I was glad of any excuse to hear them ! I wanted to play the air guitar along with them ... although , in the interests of medieval authenticity , I had to make do with an air gittern.I 'm not going to rehash the plot of this movie for you , as every other reviewer here has pretty much done that already . But I will tell you a few things that I think you ought to know.Firstly , when you watch this movie , do NOT turn it off when you get to the final credits , because after the credits there 's a brilliantly funny bonus scene . Unfortunately , many people miss seeing this scene because they switch off too early , and that 's a shame . Watch it . You 'll cack yourself laughing.Secondly , here 's an interesting historical fact that you wo n't find out in this movie
 This movie was great fun and entertaining . Great film ? Nah . Great way to spend an afternoon with some popcorn and Junior Mints ? Oh yeah ! I enjoyed everything about this movie . I thought it was well cast , well played and well paced .
 I thouroughly enjoyed A Knight 's Tale . It had all of the components one needs for an enjoyable film
 I truly enjoyed this movie . Moves fast , good characters , sense of humor , and good music .
 This highly enjoyable , fairy tale of a film revolves around the efforts of William , a tanner 's son , trying to change his destiny . His father gave him up into servitude to a knight , when William was a slip of a lad , in hopes of his having a better future . When he grows up , William , remembering his father 's advice , reaches for the stars in an effort to become what he has always dreamed of being , a knight in shining armor.Played to perfection by the very hunky and charismatic Heath Ledger , William gets his big break when the knight , whom he serves , dies during a jousting competition . Donning his knight 's armor and substituting secretly for the knight , he handily , though clumsily , wins the competition and its purse . He persuades Roland and Wat , the other two vassals who also served the now dead knight , to assist him in his efforts to continue competing . They reluctantly agree and begin helping him train for future jousting competitions . William , however , needs credentials establishing his knighthood in order to compete , as mere peasants are prohibited to do so . He has the good fortune to run into a man of letters , Geoffrey Chaucer , who happens to be a bit down on his luck . Chaucer agrees to provide him with forged patents in order to enter tournaments.William , playing the role of a knight named Ulric Von Lichtenstein , becomes a force with which to be reckoned on the playing field . This does not pass unnoticed by an evil knight , Count Adhemar , played with deliciously wicked malice by Rufus Sewell , who does not hesitate to play dirty on and off the field , if necessary , in order to win . William , however , plays his role most honorably and nobly.William falls in love with the Lady Jocelyn , whom Sewell also covets and intends to marry , but Lady Jocelyn , played by lovely newcomer , Shannyn Sossamon , may be falling for our erstwhile hero . This turn of events makes Count Adhemar all the more determined to win on and off the field . When a jousting competition brings them all to William 's hometown , Adhemar pulls out all the stops in an effort to settle the matter once and for all.This is truly a fun film . The viewer ca n't help but love the ever so earnest William , played by the simpatico and romantically handsome Heath Ledger . Paul Bettany , as the insouciant and scampish Chaucer , very nearly steals the film , so terrific is he in his role . Rufus Sewell is both sexy and ruthless as the unprincipled and haughty Count Adhemar . The rest of the supporting cast is likewise superb , with the exception of Shannyn Sossamon who does not seem fit the role of one to the manor born.While the plot seems somewhat formulaic , it is made new by the interjection of modern day music and customs . Watch as the crowd gathered for the jousting competition stomps , claps , and does the `` wave '' in time to Queen 's rousing song , `` We Will Rock You '' . See Chaucer act as a modern day huckster for his knight , working the crowd to a fever pitch . Look to the dance led by William at a post jousting reception at the local castle . Likewise , Jocelyn 's costumes , at times , resemble haute couture . These modern day interjections that occur throughout the film , though jarring , keep this age old story fresh and funny . It is difficult not to enjoy this film , as it is infectious in its charm .
 This movie was a great adventure story , I found no fault with it . The movie basically about a boy following his dream of becoming a knight and succeeding . The movie has an over all good plot , good likable characters and an ending battle that was acutally good . One thing that may be a draw back to some is that they have some classic rock songs as back ground music . I thought it actually and to the movie likabilty . Your going to have to see it to actually get a fell for it , it 's one of a kind .
 This audaciously insane fusion of medieval story and contemporary music in pursuit of a teen market actually works if you suspend your disbelief from the outset . Fortunately , the sight of peasants clapping , stomping and singing along to Queen 's `` We Will Rock You '' in the opening scene immediately sets the tone . The rest of the film is a fast , fun and occasionally moving joyride , borrowing the structure of every loser-sports-team-makes-good comedy you 've ever seen and overlaying it with the requisite teen romance and even a tearjerker father-son-reunion scene . Heath Ledger is appealing as Sir William , and Rufus Sewell manages to stifle a laugh long enough to make Count Adhemar threatening . But it 's Paul Bettany as Chaucer , and Mark Addy and Alan Tudyk as Sir William 's harried offsiders , Roland and Wat , who steal the show . This is n't a serious period piece , and it is n't meant to be . It could have flopped , but it 's actually , strangely , enormous fun . Congratulations to Brian Helgeland for having the nerve to roll the dice .
 To be honest , I had no desire to see this movie . I attended a rennisance festival in my area and it totally awakened me to this time in history and I thought hey , how bad could it be ? Well I was astonished to find that it was n't bad at all . I enjoyed it . It 's a rather well told story and I do n't think that the soundtrack takes from it at all . I thought this was a great movie over all . If you 've ever been enchanted or interested in this time in history this will certainly give you a what if that was happening now feel .
 Romantic , exciting , just overwhelming - ca n't get my eyes off it ! Heath Ledger played very natural , one believes everything he 's doing or saying ; o -RRB-
 This is a pleasing rags-to-riches tale of a young servantwho takes a knight 's place in a jousting match after the knight dies . The young man is , of course , handsome and charming and he falls in love with a woman who is many rungs above him on the social ladder . It sounds rather trite , but the plot is handled well and the interplay between the knight wannabe and his friends is often very amusing . The moviemakers work hard to figure out all of the ways that a knight can be knocked off his horse and they proceed to show most of them . The tongue-in-cheek attitude is even carried out in the soundtrack which at times lapses into contemporary songs which causes the lords and ladies of the movie to perform dances which were never dreamed of during the years of knighhood . This is a fun movie with an attractive cast , interesting settings and the right kind of ending .
 If you enjoy
 I loved this movie . I moved here two weeks ago now , and it was still in theaters over in England , and I so desperately wanted to see it . So I bought it on DVD , and boy was I in for a surprise ! I loved this movie from the start , it reminded me of Robin Hood
 We , my wife and I were already fans of Heath Ledger and now he has impressed us once again.This movie was wonderful , humerous , action filled and well we throughly enjoyed every minute of it.We hope to see Heath in a lot more movies . His acting in Patriot was suberb and we just love him .
 It 's just that
 This puts a new spin on Chaucer 's legendary tale . It has it all
 Yeah , this movie rocks . I saw it 3 times in the theater which is the only time I 've done that since Titanic . I would DEFINITELY recommend it . Not only is Heath Ledger hot , the movie is actually really good and really funny !! See it !!
 I personally loved it . I am a huge fan of knight movies and this was great . However it is not necessarily a historical fiction it is more fiction . Why ? Well it has We Will We Will Rock you as the entrence song . I like how they did that it makes it more intresting . I would only recomended this to a fan of medievil times and if you are a fan of Keith Ledger . Other movies you should watch if you enjoyed this are Braveheart all time best move , and First Knight another great film . ...
 This is n't a movie I 'm going to buy -LRB- unless it comes packaged with a really good movie -RRB- , but it certainly is enjoyable to watch . You get a rather straightforward tale about a peasant youth who wants to become a noble knight . And then you have over two hours of what is basically jousting , with a few 70s songs , which surprisingly fit in very well . No performances leap out as great , with the exception of Paul Bettany -LRB- the saving grace of A Beautiful Mind -RRB- , who played Chaucer . That was a great touch . This movie is n't going to win awards or ever become a classic , and in all likelyhood be forgotten in ten years , but it is great fun to watch , cliches and all .
 I have to be honest . When I first saw the preview for this movie , I thought teenagers in the Middle Ages , and thought I would hate it . How wrong I was . To take a line from the movie , its all about rising above your simple beginnings and `` changing your stars . '' The soundtrack , a wonderful mix of rock and classic , really hightens the viewing pleasure , and the jousting scenes are just fantastic . You will not be disappointed .
 Wow this movie is just fun . Did it make cinematic history ... no . Did it make the critics head turn ... no . But what it did do was put a feel good , good guy beats bad guy and gets the girl movie out at a perfect time . With so many filmakers trying to put out a movie that make people think , this movie does n't require any thinking at all . It also has a very real sense as to what a brutal and physically demanding sport Jousting was . I can tell you one thing , I certainly had a deeper appreciation for the sport after watching this movie . Those guys were nails ! Heath Ledger does a good job as William Thatcher -LRB- Sir Ulrich von Lichtenstein -RRB- and his sidekicks make for great laughs and a fairly good story . Not only is there action , love and rivalry , but also a great lesson about changing your stars !
 A Knight 's Tale is entertaining but the most costumes and the music are not true to the times . One thing that really bugged my friend was when the thumbs up was given in the begin scene -LRB- originated in WW2 -RRB- . But I do n't know what do he thought it was going to be like - It is a teen movie .
 2 stars for the talented actor Paul Bettany who outshined every other in this movie .2 stars for the extraordinary work of the costume designer and art director of this movie.Other than that , only the quaint court dancing scene and all the fair ladies -LRB- Jocelyn , her maid , kate and Edward 's wife -RRB- worth watching , rests are disaster .
 The Movie was great , but the dealted scenes were even better .
 All right . First things first . To get the most out of this film DO NOT even TRY to compare it to Excalibur , Gladiator , or any other big epic film set in times of yore . This is a comedy with some drama in it that manages to poke great fun at the genre . It willingly makes spectacle of itself . It does it so well that it 's like watching an old medieval court jester at his best . This will make you laugh , if you let yourself have fun.Okay . Characters . What a bunch we have . William
 Heath Ledger plays a servant of a Knight that Jousts competitively , but when the Knight dies of natural causes , Heath decides to take his place in the tournament . From here , Heath goes on to compete in many other tournaments fraudulently under the name of his now dead Lord , and does well.There is a cast of many great characters including William Chaucer , and the result is a well rounded action movie with rags to riches Cinderella-like twist . That 's not to say that this is girly film , it 's actualy quite gritty and dirty.Overall it is a quite enjoyable film that I highly reccomend !
 If you like a good movie with a good soundtrack , than you ca n't go wrong with this movie . It is unbelievably funny , not to mention the josting is awesome . Do n't rent this movie ... BUY THIS MOVIE . The acting is decent , the comedic timing is perfect , and the story is just so darn good . Believe me , you 'll enjoy it .
 I must admit , Heath Ledger is one of my favorite actors . Not because of his acting resume , but , you know -LRB- hey , come on , I 'm a girl , you know ! -RRB- . ' A Knight 's Tale ' just proved to me how fun a movie can be . I do n't think the film itself tries to be serious , though the dramatic parts can be a bit overdone . ' A Knight 's Tale ' is about a peasant named William Thatcher , who wishes one day to `` change his stars '' and become a knight . His father left William one day to the care of another knight . Years later , William and his friends , Roland and Wat , discover the knight dead . Willing to take his place , William poses as the knight and wins . This sparks a growing interest in his mind , and William convinces his buddies to join him on his quest to become a champion jouster . Along the way , they encounter Geoffrey Chaucer , their match announcer , and Kate , a female blacksmith . William also begins to fall in love with the fair Jocelyn , hoping to win her heart . The only problem is is that he is not a noble knight , so he must continue this charade , until ... The story is set to rock music , such as Queen 's `` We Will Rock You '' and dancing to David Bowie 's `` Golden Years . '' I think this accurately sets the mood and I ca n't help but smile every time the peasants clap at the jousting tournaments in unison.Characters are nicely acted . The supporting characters had a lot of chemistry with each other , especially between Geoffrey and Wat -LRB- ok , not really -RRB- . Shannyn Sossamon , who is a newcomer , did a nice job playing Jocelyn . The only thing that I did not enjoy watching in the film were the dramatic scenes . They did n't seem right and it seemed as if they were trying to slow the momentum.All in all , ' A Knight 's Tale ' is something you can enjoy watching if you do n't want something to sentimental or full of perverse jokes . It 's a rollicking ride .
 Why ca n't more films be like this ? Does n't Hollywood know `` it 's about characters , stupid ! '' I 've been `` special effects '' saturated - give me characters I can believe in and love as if they were friends . We watch good movies over and over to visit with these `` friends '' , not the plot , not the special effects . This film has a marvelous batch of characters I now think of as my new friends . I 'll be re-visiting them over the years.A Knights Tale is for all of us who have dreams that we can change even the stars in Heaven if only we want something deeply enough . There is a magic in such films that lets us glimpse a world that could be ... if only we love it with all our hearts.My favorite line is when Chaucer says `` I have to see a man about a dog . '' Please do n't spoil this movie with a sequel . Magic like this does n't strike twice .
 This highly enjoyable , fairy tale of a film revolves around the efforts of William , a tanner 's son , trying to change his destiny . His father gave him up into servitude to a knight , when William was a slip of a lad , in hopes of his having a better future . When he grows up , William , remembering his father 's advice , reaches for the stars in an effort to become what he has always dreamed of being , a knight in shining armor.Played to perfection by the very hunky and charismatic Heath Ledger , William gets his big break when the knight , whom he serves , dies during a jousting competition . Donning his knight 's armor and substituting secretly for the knight , he handily , though clumsily , wins the competition and its purse . He persuades Roland and Wat , the other two vassals who also served the now dead knight , to assist him in his efforts to continue competing . They reluctantly agree and begin helping him train for future jousting competitions . William , however , needs credentials establishing his knighthood in order to compete , as mere peasants are prohibited to do so . He has the good fortune to run into a man of letters , Geoffrey Chaucer , who happens to be a bit down on his luck . Chaucer agrees to provide him with forged patents in order to enter tournaments.William , playing the role of a knight named Ulric Von Lichtenstein , becomes a force with which to be reckoned on the playing field . This does not pass unnoticed by an evil knight , Count Adhemar , played with deliciously wicked malice by Rufus Sewell , who does not hesitate to play dirty on and off the field , if necessary , in order to win . William , however , plays his role most honorably and nobly.William falls in love with the Lady Jocelyn , whom Sewell also covets and intends to marry , but Lady Jocelyn , played by lovely newcomer , Shannyn Sossamon , may be falling for our erstwhile hero . This turn of events makes Count Adhemar all the more determined to win on and off the field . When a jousting competition brings them all to William 's hometown , Adhemar pulls out all the stops in an effort to settle the matter once and for all.This is truly a fun film . The viewer ca n't help but love the ever so earnest William , played by the simpatico and romantically handsome Heath Ledger . Paul Bettany , as the insouciant and scampish Chaucer , very nearly steals the film , so terrific is he in his role . Rufus Sewell is both sexy and ruthless as the unprincipled and haughty Count Adhemar . The rest of the supporting cast is likewise superb , with the exception of Shannyn Sossamon who does not seem to fit the role of one to the manor born.While the plot seems somewhat formulaic , it is made new by the interjection of modern day music and customs . Watch as the crowd gathered for the jousting competition stomps , claps , and does the `` wave '' in time to Queen 's rousing song , `` We Will Rock You '' . See Chaucer act as a modern day huckster for his knight , working the crowd to a fever pitch . Look to the dance led by William at a post jousting reception at the local castle . Likewise , Jocelyn 's costumes , at times , resemble haute couture . These modern day interjections that occur throughout the film , though jarring , keep this age old story fresh and funny . It is difficult not to enjoy this film , as it is infectious in its charm .
 Sure this movie is a bit off the charts when it comes to reality but hey , not all movies can be dead accurate . This movie is fun-loving , action-packed , can make you laugh -LRB- that is , if you have a sense of humor -RRB- , and has its share of romance . A Knight 's Tale portrays such determination and energy in committing dreams . It 's something that everybody should be feeling . William -LRB- Heath Ledger -RRB- had a dream to become a knight and he aims for it . Wan na know if he succeeds or not ? Go buy the movie : -RRB-
 I love this movie . Good story , funny when needed and serious when appropriate . The acting is very good and the location is beautiful .
 Anything with Heath Ledger is a good movie but this one is great , you ca n't go wrong with jousting , fighting , and so the wife ca n't complain a little romance .
 It 's a fun movie , set in medieval times with a peasant named William taking the place of his lord to take part as a knight in a series of jousting tournaments . Filled with 1970s music and characters acting in an un-medieval fashion it is nevertheless fun to watch . Romance , broken lances , Chaucer ... what more could you want ?
 This 2002 movie is in my opinion a classic.The way they incorporated rock with the middle ages is flawless .
 I have always liked this movie. ; If you like history , you will like this movie . It has good humor throughout and the film and great drama set in Medievil times . One of the great films starring Heath Ledger .
 What a tragic shame there will be no more of them.But at least we have this one . It is a quirky mix of old and new with the modern music , which I 'm not sure I would like in any other film , but I do like it here ... especially &#34; The boys Are Back in Town &#34; . Probably a good film for family viewing , as I can see multiple generations appreciating it .
 This 2001 film is just plain fun . Filmed in the Czech Republic , the story is set in the 1400s in England . Heath Ledger is cast as low-born serf who impersonates a knight and wins jousting matches , eventually winning over the villain and getting the beautiful noble-born woman . This is not a film to take seriously , especially since the sound track includes a whole bunch of modern rock pieces - `` We are the Champions : '' , `` We Will Rock You '' , `` Taking Care of Business '' , etc. . I sometimes laughed out loud at this silly film but I must say I enjoyed it.All the actors did a good job , playing their roles with a sense of whimsy . Paul Bethany is cast in the role of Chaucer and the whole film is based very very loosely on one of his Canterbury Tales . I particularly thought that Rufus Sewell , cast in the role of the villain nobleman was excellent as well as James Purfoy who I remembered from his role as Brutus in the TV series `` Rome '' . Both of these gentleman seemed more like real men than the blond haired slim Heath Ledger but I think the casting was perfect.I enjoyed this film . It actually made the middle ages seem like a rollicking good time.Recommended .
 I wo n't go into great detail about how the movie mixes anachronistic elements into medieval times -LRB- most notably the modern day music -RRB- , except to say that the creators of the movie did these things for deliberate effect . Even knowing it was deliberately done for a logical reason does n't mean that the movie would necessarily turn out to be good ... yet it is very good.The story is pretty basic and there really are absolutely no surprises in the plot along the way . What saves it from being boring is a great cast , good pacing , some very clever banter , exciting joust scenes and some genuinely emotional scenes near the end.The one element that drags the movie down a touch for me is the love sub-plot . I definitely think the film creators should have gone against convention and had William and Kate get together instead as the scenes between William and Jocelyn seemed to have little chemistry and generally had me waiting for the next scene to begin.However , this movie is one which I almost invariably set on my ` favorites ' channel list if I see it on , to switch to during commercials of anything else I 'm watching , or sometimes just to watch straight through , for no other reason than it 's FUN.There are some truly excellently shot and acted scenes , a few of which I 'll mention below -LRB- spoilers !!!! -RRB- - Geoffrey 's nude scene after literally losing his shirt in gambling , and relying on William to bail him out . The expressions of terrified hope , resignment and relief on Geoffrey 's face are perfect . - Any scene with Prince Edward in it . I really liked the aftermath of the joust between William and Edward and their discussion , plus the whole scene where Edward ` rescues ' William later . - The scenes between William and his father , particularly the reunion ... even the subtle thing of William looking at the stairs he had n't seen since he was a child was very well done and somehow immediately made me realize what I think the film creators wanted the audience to feel . - The thin , grey haired noble in the opening ` musical ' scene mouthing ` Rock You ... ' . - The shot of William in the final joust , armor-less , white shirted , lance lashed to his arm is simply one of the most breathtaking images in film .
 As always , Ledger shines . He plays the role of William Thatcher ; a peasant who earns the title of a Knight . Subtlety disguised amidst all the semi funny movie scenes , is a message of love , friendship and loyalty . Today , as rarely as these values are displayed , it is satisfyingly refreshing to at least dream of them.In one of the final scenes , Thatcher says
 Was in the back seat with my friend 's son who had just watched it before they picked me up for the long drive to the Texas Renaissance Festival . He asked if I wanted to watch it and I reluctantly agreed to . He handed me a pair of headsets and the movie began . I do n't remember a movie drawing me in so quickly ! I was instantly in love . They had me at the AC/DC `` We Will Stomp You '' , song.Definitely one of my top 5 favorite movies .
 I really enjoyed this movie . Those with a good sense of humor will like itLoved it so much I purchased it !
 I grew up absolutely fascinated with knights for unexplainable reasons , haha . Perhaps it had to do with an old Nintendo game called Wizards and Warriors , but come to think of it I was fascinated with knights even before then . I just like knights ! So much powerful armor they wear all over their bodies , so awesome.I like simple , honest movies such as these . The movie is about the dangerous sport of jousting , and mostly takes place around the arena , near castles , and sometimes in the woods . I like these kind of settings because it allows you to appreciate small and simple surroundings.There were a few hard to understand moments in the film when the English slang became an issue . I had trouble understanding a lot of things the characters were saying to each other . I could n't make out the words.Still , I easily got the point of the movie.Movies like A Knight 's Tale last a lifetime to be honest . Seriously , a movie like this holds up exceptionally well over the years . Incredible acting skills by ALL the characters , I highly recommend this one.The one thing that confused me above everything else though , is WHY in the world were classic rock songs by artists such as Queen , David Bowie , War , and Bachman Turner Overdrive playing ? I 'm pretty sure people in England were n't speeding down the road years ago cranking up and partying to BTO classics ! Rock on baby.Oh ... AHEM , where was I ? Oh yes , A Knight 's Tale is a classic movie and perfect entertainment for just about everyone . A simple concept delivers and the movie is phenomenal as a result .
 A great selection for your PSP library . It has one of the better soundtracks in a longtime as well as a great movie just to listen and watch . The only letdown was no extras , but it still holds up to repeated viewings .
 This DVD is a family favorite ! It includes an entertaining premise , humor and modern music which although light fare overall , is always a hot in our house !
 I bought this movie because it is one of my favorites and it was in perfect condition , still wrapped in the plastic and I 've already watched it three times ! Funny movie and great seller ! It came in the mail FAST !
 It was just like romeo and Juliette a little bit of a spoof but it was still fun and a grate movie .
 Who 's Heath Ledger ? Shannyn Sossamon is the movie called `` A Knight 's Tale . ''
 Okay , so the highlights and the rock music did n't happen in medieval times . Big deal . This was a GREAT movie ! Heath Ledger is a great actor , and all his costars fit the roles perfectly . If you want to have a good sit down movie with some comedy , action , and romance , this movie is a hit . It has something for everyone !
 One of the best movies I have ever seen !! My daughter and I went to see it for my birthday and we had to go back and see it again for her birthday !! I love the music , the humor , the romance , the action , the cast -- it 's got it all and then some !! I rarely buy movies but this is one I am definitely going to buy so I can watch it again and again !!
 I love this movie . And Im not a chick whos obssessed with Heath Ledger or sumthin ' - I really think the movie is good . There is great acting from all actors and actresses and I think Shannon Sossamon is really hot . Sorry , I just had to say that . I think this movie is hilarious , with the nike symbol on his armor , and how one minute they 'll be talkin ' like they 're straight out of a shakespeare story , and the next they 're dancing to modern music with dance steps everyone magically knows all of a sudden . I also really like the plot . I like how you can tell that William -LRB- Heath -RRB- really does love the princess -LRB- shannon sossamon , I forgot the characters name -RRB- and how at the end u think that someone -LRB- I wont say who -RRB- might be in danger of losing their lives , but happy things happen . I love the fairy tale ending , and even though this movie may not be historically accurate , its still a hoot-anda-holla . So buy it !
 Just one word ... AWESOME . The movie has a fix of funny , action , romance , what more could I say . . this movie just keeps you glued to your seat until the end of the movie .
 All I have to say is Heath Ledger . Awesome idea to put modern music in the time period . Overall great movie .
 I have seen it twice and its been out for a week . The story is wonderful and i felt like cheering out loud at a part of the movie.Heath Ledger is a wonderful actor and a fellow aussie why is he not in more movies , i ask.The other actors are great as well.Rufus Swell being the villian of the movie is very nasty.Go and see it for your self.Youll laugh cry and cheer also for the girls Heath Ledger is pretty good to look at as well .
 This movie is so GOOD its funny and entertaining . The costumes are great modern but medieval . Also Heath Ledger is in it -LRB- he is so HOT !!!!!! -RRB- do i need to say any more !!!!! Go see it , it IS N'T a waste of time !!!!!!
 ... I fully enjoyed the movie . It 's an intese love story where a guy is in love with a girl who practically ignores her . A classic , but wonderful plot .
 I may be a bit bias when I say that this movie is one of the greatest ever made because of Heath Ledger . However , I love this movie for its content not just because of Ledger 's pretty face and hard body . The jousting scenes are magnificent and the romantic element gets my heart pounding . Everytime I hear David Bowie 's `` Golden Years '' I always think of this movie . It is definitely worth watching . This movie is a great date flick too because the guys love the action and the girls , well , they love Heath .
 There are some movies that are surprisingly fresh and interesting to watch over and over . This is one of them . When I saw it , I had not really seen the previews so I was very possitively surprised by this movie . It has great photography , great dialog/script , and a great score , and the characters do a great job of getting you immersed in the film.Get it .
 It was definitely a funny look at the medieval life of a Knight 's Squires and their dreams of the living the Knight 's life.The Jousting Terminates are compared to modern Football , Basketball , and Baseball games.The royal court balls dance to modern age music.This is a fun movie to watch and you will root for the hero.If children are watching this movie , they need to know that it fiction .
 Aussie hearthrob Heath Ledger proves he 's more than just another pretty face in this rollicking tribute to Medieval times and chivalry . Graced with a first rate supporting cast/ensemble , this sleeper surprise is chock full of chuckles , romance , adventure and a soundtrack that rocks ! Clever scripting , a first-rate cast , beautiful scenery and those awesome jousting scenes will leave you cheering for this Knight , day or night !
 Use the scene selector to get to the end of the film . Fast forward to 2:11:30 , and you 'll see an extra drinking game scene .
 The movie sets the tone early by having a bunch of villagers at a jousting match chatting `` We will rock you '' over the opening credits . From here on in it 's safe to say this movie does n't take itself too seriously , and neither should you . This is a nice lite movie that exists only to entertain . Also , the special features are n't half bad either -LRB- deleted scences , director 's commentary , etc. -RRB- I enjoyed this movie and it even gave me a fun phrase to throw around , `` I will fong you ! '' -LRB- Fong means to kick ; or so the director claims during the commentary -RRB- .
 THis is a thoroughly enjoyable flick with absolutely no historical or social values . The story centers around a young man 's desire to prove himself and his worth regardless of his social place and birth.William is the son of a peasant thatcher , squired to a knight . While making the jousting tournament rounds , the knight dies . William takes his place , assumes an alias and proceeds to set the circuit on fire with his bravery and skill . His companions , including a young Chaucer , aid him in this adventure , culminating in a world championship tournement in London ... It is a light farcical fairy tale with plenty of music , humor and overacting . It is filled with puns and satirical smirks at today 's idolation of pop culture and sport figures.Enjoy it in the vein in which it was intended .
 I was really debating rather or not to buy this movie cause I thought it be corny . I did buy it and watched it 4 times already . It a great movie ! Lots of ups and downs . Having you cheer for the underdog and screaming at the Tv . I really liked this movie !
 The movie is remarkably good and quite well done . And Queen is also entirely enjoyable by itself , in my opinion . Putting them together in this modestly serious movie is , however , just plain goofy and seriously adolescent . I 'd suggest that whoever came up with that idea not be rehired after he/she gets out of the stocks/dunking stool.Otherwise it 's an entirely enjoyable flick , and I 've already run it through several times . Actually I rented it the first time and liked so much , I ordered my own copy . The depiction of Chaucer as someone a tad less elite than my English Lit professor portrayed was entertaining and refreshing . And the whimsical notion of a commoner being knighted , although quite rare , is n't altogether untrue . Enjoyable story with a more emotional bend as -LRB- Sir -RRB- William 's conquests and travels bring him back home . The jousts certainly looked real enough - how do you say Crunch!An altogether pleasant medley of good guys and bad guys , the nobility and the common , as well as I tinge of less than earth-shattering romance , which flusters the hero now and again . Well worth the price , as long as I remember to hit the mute button during those inane `` Queen '' musical misadventures .
 When the opening scene at a joust resounds with Queen 's `` We Will Rock You '' , I knew this was a different movie . I love fantasy and humor -LRB- and drama and romance -RRB- and this has it all . Heath Ledger is compelling -LRB- it took me awhile to realize he had also been in `` 10 Things I Hate About You '' since he 's a blond here -RRB- . The anachronistic -LRB- modern -RRB- touches are wonderful . The entire cast has great humor and acting ability , especially Paul Bettany -LRB- Chaucer -RRB- who is enchantingly outrageous -LRB- even when is wardrobe is ... lacking . * smile * . I also liked the small part of the character Germaine , Adhemar 's herald , which evolves nicely in the background . This movie feels like a combination of Willow and Princess Bride in some ways -LRB- a good story with sometimes marvelously silly touches -RRB- . I watched the movie on a Sunday afternoon , devoured the featurettes and behind the scenes material -LRB- suggest 1 pass just watching deleted scenes , then a second pass with director/editor commentary -RRB- . I had to go out Sunday evening , but when I got back , I finished the special material and watched the whole movie again . I 've just put the DVD in my Amazon wish list for my next round of orders , since my daughter -LRB- 20 -RRB- and I -LRB- 40 + -RRB- both think this is ' a keeper ' .
 This film is about dreams coming true no matter how impossible they may be . It 's about guts & perseverance & honor . The combination of a medieval story , 70 's rock music , unique costumes , funny actors not to mention a subtle endorsement from Nike , make this film rise from any shortcomings it may have.Looking beyond all its uniqueness & eccentricities , this movie gives out lessons on honor , family , love & of nobility being more than an acquired title.I have seen this movie several times & it has not failed to make me laugh -LRB- guffaw -RRB- on exactly the same scenes . The director , cast & crew of this movie are ` real champions ' .
 A contemporary view of the life of a Knight -LRB- Heath Ledger of The Patriot -RRB- in the days of jousting and tournaments . Backed up by a smashing crew and music from such groups as Third Eye Blind , David Bowie , and Sly and the Family Stone . The movie opens with a crowded arena filled with medieval maids and men , to Queens resounding `` We Will Rock You '' . Everyone is roaring and clapping to the beat . It was at this point I knew this `` Knights Tale '' would be like no other , and to expect the unexpected.As Ledger works his way up through the ranks he falls in love with the Lady Jocelyn and his winning streak proves he is capable beyond a doubt . This is a wonderful film for the whole family . It also has an awesome soundtrack , that I also had to buy . Kelsana 11/30/01
 Writer director Brian Helgelenad delivers a wonderful , anachronistic fable about determining your own destiny in `` A KNIGHT 'S TALE '' -LRB- Columbia Tristar ... -RRB- . This rousing and often very funny medieval tale with contemporary attitudes and 70s music really works as a satisfying action adventure . Heath ledger is fine as determined William Thatcher , the peasant squire who assumes a nobleman 's identity to compete in the jousting world , achieve knighthood and win the hand of a maiden -LRB- newcomer Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- . Rufus Sewell is the serious and intimidating bad knight and jousting champion to beat , Alan Tudy and Mark Addy are terrific as Thatcher 's sidekicks . Paul Bettany stands out as a mostly naked and road weary Geoffrey Chaucer . If you waited to see this on DVD , turn up the volume and sit back because the 14th century rocks . A plethora of bonus material includes deleted scenes , commentary from Helgeland and Bettany , a music video , making-of special and 11 behind the scenes featurettes -LRB- watch a gap toothed Helegeland explain how Ledger knocked his tooth out while practicing a jousting move with a broomhandle . -RRB-
 If you 're a stickler for historical accuracy , a lot of things about A Knights Tale will annoy you . I am normally one of those people - but I really liked this film . It 's major redeeming feature is the jousting . The jousting action is worth the watch and then some . This film takes you further into the sport of the joust than any other period piece . It lets you in and opens your eyes to the fact there was more to jousting than most people ever thought.The 70 's rock soundtrack at first may seem silly . But surprisingly , after a while , it works - and it even seems to fit with the story - like the knights arriving back in London to Thin Lizzy 's `` The Boys Are Back In Town '' . You will even find yourself thinking its not that out-of-place after all.Some of the `` modern touches '' are over the top , though , and do n't seem to belong at all -LRB- airhorns and Nike swooshes are only the beginning -RRB- . Foremost of these is the wardrobe of the herione , Jocelyn . All other characters are dressed to fit the period , which makes her outrageous medieval/Versace creations and punk hairdos harder to accept . In one scene , the hair makes her look more like a papillon dog than a woman . Her costumes go from mildly modern in the beginning scenes , and get more and more outlandish as the movie progresses.Heath Ledger , for a young up-and-comer , is marvelous in the lead role of William . He fits the role perfectly . I ca n't think of another young actor who could have done this with the same flair and style , yet with a serious , historical bent . A first-rate performance.Some of the more incongruous modern touches notwithstanding , this movie , as its tag line proclaims , will rock you .
 `` A Knight 's Tale '' is among the better films to come out in 2001 , and certainly the highlight of the year 's summer lineup . It is an irreverent take on Medeival jousting -LRB- and the Canterbury Tales -RRB- that is at once hilarious and inspirational . I have never seen a film that can juggle Python-esque humor and Gladiator-esque emotion so well - nor have I seen a film that has even attempted it , let alone met with success!Heath Ledger plays William Thatcher , a churl who disguises himself that he might enter the jousting championships and `` change his stars '' -LRB- for only those of noble birth are permitted to compete -RRB- . He is joined by a wonderful cast of characters , including `` Jeff '' Chaucer , his `` squires , '' and a female blacksmith . Other principle characters include William 's noble love interest and the wicked Count who is his rival for her affections . Rarely does a film offer so many colorful players.Purists , of course , will not care much for a Knight 's Tale given its incorporation of classic rock-and-roll music , but to everyone else , it will most likely be a welcome addition . Given the tone of the film , it does not seem at all out of place - not even when things take a turn for the dramatic.A Knight 's Tale is a wonderful , fun-filled two hours of viewing , and it 's as simple as that .
 This movie is one that you can watch 2002 times and never get tired of it . At first , I thought that the slight modern twist that is added to it was stupid , and a bad idea . After about 5 minutes of watching , however , I realized that it made was great idea . Language used , music , and dances from both the present and the past combine to give this movie an edgy and sort of magical feel . The sets and extras are equally stunning . With the extras fully costumed and sets like the times , one watching might feel like they are right there in the jousting arena . Heath Ledger gives such a confident and remarkable performance , I would watch it just to see him act ! The rest of the cast features old and new faces that help this movie become better and better . Although the actress who plays William 's -LRB- Heath Ledger -RRB- love is dreadfully disappointing , the `` comic releifs '' are very amusing . This movie may have little suspense and is fairly predictable , but I think that anyone who watches it will smile at least 2 or 3 times and admit that they enjoyed it . But enough reading . I suggest you back up to the top of the page , add this video to your cart and enjoy being taken back to medieval times right from your chair in the 21st century !
 What more can you say about a medieval action adventure rock & roll comedy film other than it 's way too fun to watch ? Others have gone on about the film , I 'll focus on the DVD . The transfer is exquisite and the animated menu is worth watching all by itself ! The special features include the obligatory subtitles , trailers , and director overdub.Where this DVD shines is the production featurettes and the inclusion of deleted scenes . Instead of one long making-of feature -LRB- which is also included ! -RRB- this disk has many short and very watchable featurettes , each one on a different aspect of the film 's production.The deleted scenes are a terrific addition . Included are several more of Paul Bettany 's marvelous speeches that had to be cut to tighten up the film . There is also an option to see intros to each deleted scene where the director and editor explain why the scene had to be cut . It gives you a nice inside look at how movies get changed in the final cut.All in all this is an excellent buy and destined to become one of our most watched DVD 's !
 I do n't know about you , but I can take just so many `` message '' movies at a time -LRB- i.e. Requiem for a Dream , Contender , etc. -RRB- . It 's nice to once in a while just watch a movie for entertainment . A Knight 's Tale is a great example of entertainment done right.Heath Ledger -LRB- after the great movie , The Patriot -RRB- , holds his own , as a `` wanna-be '' knight . Since he has no royal blood , only the passion and determination to be a great knight , he creates a fake persona in order to enter the local knight 's games . Needless to say , after several convincing wins , his popularity in the kingdom soars , and he quickly becomes a favorite , until ... you 'll just have to watch the movie.I did not care for Romeo + Juliet , Great Expectations , or the other `` modernized '' rewrites of classic literature , but as A Knight 's Tale does not take itself so seriously , it was quite enjoyable . There is a lot of humor , without the crude junk that 's so overused in movies today.It seemed to have an 80 's -LRB- 1980 's :-RRB- feel to it . No heavy messages . No crude humor . No explicit sex . Just an awful lot of fun .
 I was really sketchy about this one , considering it is supposed to be taking place somewhere around 1100 AD and `` We will rock you '' appears on the soundtrack . The modern soundtrack actually adds to this period piece , and Heath Ledger is the man for this part . I honestly have n't enjoyed a movie as much as I enjoyed this one in a long time . At the risk of sounding cliche , it really is a `` feel good '' movie . It 's exciting , funny , and I even found myself choked up a few times . `` A Knights Tale '' is a must see for everyone .
 I love this movie ! My daughter & I love to watch this over & over . Funny , romantic , everything you want in a good chick-flick .
 Not a historically correct period film as most have tried to be lately . Instead a modern `` Canterbury Tale '' . Very entertaining , hilarious in parts but a well balanced mix of drama and romance as well as commedy . Classic poor-boy makes good story .
 In the opening scenes of this film , at a middle ages joust , Queen 's We Will Rock You lets all the viewers know they are in for a witty , clever bundle of anachronisms that continually entertain throughout the film . The rock songs are not just overlaid on the story line , they are integrated.The scenes were shot in Prague and retain a real feel of the middle ages in Paris and London . Art direction was very good , especially in the subtle , beautful and wacky costumes . Notice the subtle jewel-like colors in the dance scenes within the palace after William comes in second in his first tournament . Notice the geometric patterns on the costumes . Notice the wonderful choice of gauzy , transparent materials for both actors and actresses to contrast against the armor . The film should have won the Oscar for best costumes in 2001 . The acting is very good with Paul Bettany -LRB- playing Geoffrey Chaucer -RRB- , and Mark Addy and Alan Tudyk playing William Thatcher 's side kick , Roland and Wat , carrying a considerable load of the comic aspects of the film . Paul Bettany , playing a Chaucer you will never see in an English classroom , was super as a reckless gambling addict , huckster , public relations manager , and promoter.Paul Bettany should have won the Oscar for best supporting actor for his role in this film . He is able to play handsome and edgy while being bright and sarcastic.The use of rock music throughout the film causes you to smile each time it starts . It continues to remind us that times may change but basic human nature remains the same . It is the details in this film that reveal considerable wit to the careful viewer . For example , watch the crowd reaction when a knight 's helmet is knocked off and the men in the stands fight for it like it was a football or baseball . Or , in the opening We Will Rock You scenes , watch the peasants in the stands making a wave before a joust . The insult fest between English and French in a pub prior to a tournament was certainly contemporary in its display of national tensios . Paul Bettany sounds like a professional wrestling promoter as he introduces William before each joust.Don ' t expect historical accuracy , just sit back and be entertained.The story line is fairly traditional in that William demonstrates that it is strength of character that is the basis for nobility , not birth-rights . Another story line within the film is that demonstrating love is easy so long as it does not challenge your self concept and social structural concepts , but when we are required to demonstrate love by contradicting our self constructs and social constructs , then we are really demonstrating our committment . Thus William passes the tests set by Lady Joslin as well as the tests set by the evil Count Adhemar.A Knight 's Tale is good entertainment , not a history lesson , so sit back and relax !
 My whole family loves the movie . Entertaining and exciting and real . The costuming may not have been for that time period but seeing it through a romantic eye or as someone who does n't enjoy knights and ladies , this movie will draw you in . From the moment it starts to the end -LRB- my kids love the farting contest at the very very end -RRB- , you wo n't turn away . I was n't too impressed with the leading lady but everyone did fall in nicely together . I got this after watching a friend 's DVD . I did n't want to like when I heard `` We Will Rock You '' but fell in love with it . The dance scene is fun . Watching William prove his love to Joceyln , `` His Foxy Lady '' by doing what most would not do for anyone . Get this movie . I do n't think you will regret it .
 A Knight 's Tale is the inspiring story of a young squire 's dream of becoming more than he was born into . As a boy , William 's father , a humble Thatcher , brought his boy to Sir Ector , a knight who could provide the child with a better , or at least more interesting life . Years later , on their way to a jousting tournament , Sir Ector dies , leaving William and his partners , Roland and Wat , without a provider . Knowing there will be money and food waiting for them at the tournament , the starving group decides to go anyway , with William disguising himself as Sir Ector . But they are soon surprised to find that William has a talent for jousting , and there 's much money to be had in the sport . Along the road they meet the one and only Chaucer , who agrees to act as Herald for the would-be knight , William . Together , the gang sweeps the Jousting tournaments , and William , competing under a pseudonym since he is not of noble birth and therefore breaking the law by competing , becomes a famous sports hero . He continues to make friends and enemies along the way , particularly a sassy , young noble woman -LRB- though I thought the blacksmith girl who joined his band was more attractive and had a better personality -RRB- , and a mean-spirited , arrogant bully of a knight who also has his sights set on the lady . With the help of his friends , William must win the heart of his dream-girl , deal with his competition , and somehow win the Grand Championship without getting busted for pretending to be a real knight.A Knight 's Tale is a great story and great fun , but makes a less than successful attempt at times to be Disney 's Hercules . Most of the film is just a great , inspirational , historical tale , but there are times when the film tries to be modern , with the characters singing along to classic rock , and dancing in modern styles . Had this been something that was carried on throughout the film , it might have worked , but since it only happened a few times , it just seemed so odd and out of place . The theme of having classic rock running throughout the film worked fine as background music , it 's when the characters seem aware of the `` modern '' music that it throws off the viewer . This was a wonderful film , and I 'm sorry to say that the couple of times that they took this approach I became a bit embarrassed to be watching it . It 's still well worth owning , it 's just a shame that they could n't decide what sort of movie they wanted to be with the 20th century mixings .
 As a student of medieval history and literature , I at first approached this movie with a critical eye , though I was still looking forward to it nonetheless . My suspicions were confirmed in the first five minutes as not only the music but also the speech and mannerisms were anachronistic.It seems to me , however , that as filming progressed the actors and directors became more serious about the film and its subject matter , and the anachronisms and cheesiness , though still present , were more subtle and ceased to detract from the film . Instead , a rich emotional landscape emerged , and the characters became increasingly real and human . The themes and characters were clearly intended to appeal to a modern audience , but they did an excellent job of it and I was on the brink of tears at a couple of touching scenes . But , as other reviewers have pointed out , the comedy and anachronism separates it from other recent epics such as Gladiator and Braveheart.As Geoffrey Chaucer could well appreciate , this is a film which successfully blends many genres into a beautiful presentation .
 This is a good movie . When I fist saw it with my husband I was n't interested . But the other day I decided to sit down and watch it all the way threw and it is n't bad . It has a few funny parts that kept me laughing . It starts out with Heath wanting to be a knight since he was a kid and he finally got his change as an adult . It ended up a love story . Very good movie .
 Few films fill me with the same amount of joy that ` A Knights Tale ' pulls out of me each and every time I watch it . It just seems to have everything going for it , and so it easily rises in the ranks for me as one of the finest films of its particular breed.It 's fun , fresh and heartwarming . ` A Knights Tale ' begins with an accidental discovery of talent that launches a young peasant named William into unfamiliar territory as he forges his identity in order to joust . Along the way he picks up cohorts that help him advance in the medieval tournaments and even help him sway the heart of a young maiden named Jocelyn , who has also fallen under the eye of Count Adhemar , a selfish and malicious man intent of having what he wants and squashing William in the process.The wonderful thing about ` A Knights Tale ' is that it takes an age-old canvas and completely reinvents it , while maintaining a watchful eye of naysayers who would be quick to dismiss it as a joke . It modernizes and embellishes the beautiful aspects of the genre while understanding the importance to respect the roots that make this genre so beloved . While nowhere near as extreme as Baz Luhrmann 's take on the musical that very same year -LRB- ala ` Moulin Rouge ! ' -RRB- , ` A Knights Tale ' uses rock anthems and new world gags to give this film set so far in the past some edge and fresh appeal . From the set pieces to the costumes -LRB- complete with Nike logo -RRB- to the oft stunning cinematography and breakneck editing , ` A Knights Tale ' just gets it.And then there is Heath Ledger . What a marvelous talent lost to the world , and it is films like this that remind us of his range and the fact that he is so dearly missed . The way that Ledger layers young William is superb . He really took the time to create someone guarded yet charismatic -LRB- something of a signature for Ledger -RRB- , while never forgetting those tender touches that elevated his every movement . The moment where he reunites with his father is especially effective.The rest of the cast is also very good , especially Mark Addy -LRB- just love that teddybear -RRB- , Paul Bettany -LRB- this guy needs a better career -RRB- and the STUNNING Shannon Sossamon who just yanks your eyeballs out of your skull and conceals them in her dress.Fun , witty , charming and exciting to the very end ; ` A Knights Tale ' is a tale to be told and remembered .
 It 's not a masterpiece by any stretch , nor does it boast anything particularly original plot-wise - you 'll see what twists there are coming from near one hundred miles away - but I 'll be darned if this movie did n't leave me with an almost unreasonable sense of good cheer upon leaving the theater . The actors all seem to have been having a heck of a good time , and their fun is infectious . I 've heard some write this off as historically inaccurate -LRB- to which I say
 I love this movie , I have seen it so many times but still love it , for its music , humour , actors , especially Heath Ledger , -LRB- whos bright shining life was so cruelly cut short -RRB- and the ever fantastic Paul Bettany and the great ending where the rotten , nasty baddie gets his just deserts.This movie is a joy and to anyone who has not seen it than forget about the 3D crap that passes as entertainment , instead see a movie where actors do what they do best ENTERTAIN US ! R I P Heath Ledger you are sorely missed mate -LRB- from one Aussie to another -RRB-
 Love this movie . My 9th graders love it , too . Perfect for Renaissance , Romeo and Juliet , and poetry units .
 loved this movie . If you are a person who loves the times of the knights and Heath Ledger , this movie is for youA Knight 's Tale
 This is one of those movies you can watch over and over , and I do ! Glad to find it at a good price . Arrived in good condition and in good time .
 This is a great way to remember a talented actor whose full potential never had the opportunity to mature . Heath Leger 's brilliance as a character actor shines forth wonderfully in this classic tale of one who reaches to the stars and succeeds in changing them . Brilliant portrayal of the struggle of humanity to better itself in the face of jealous opposition.Amazon again has come through with professional service , excellent pricing and timely delivery . Bravo Amazon ! keep up the great work.Fr . Carmen Scuderi OFM
 This film was suppose to take place in 14th-century Europe -LRB- More about that later -RRB- , and a Knight , Sir Ector , while being escorted by his very faithful squires from tournament to tournament , suddenly and unexpectedly falls dead -LRB- while sleeping under a tree -RRB- . His squires played by Heath Ledger , Mark Addy and Alan Tudyk are at a loss as to what to do as Sir Ector 's death has suddenly left them unemployed and more or less up the creek . Out of desperation , William -LRB- played by Heath Ledger -RRB- takes over the role of Sir Ector and accompanied by the two other remaining squires continues on their quest to win tournaments , ergo make a living for themselves.On the road to the next challenge of arms they run into a naked guy walking down the road who turns out to be no other than the young Geoffrey Chaucer -LRB- Paul Bettany -RRB- . Geoffrey seems to have a gambling problem and lost all . The trio allow him to accompany them as he , Geoffrey , has the ability to forge the proper documents to show that Charles is a true knight ... all this is quite illegal of course.The story is a story of the little guy making good . It is the adventure of these three men as they go from tournament to tournament , surprisingly winning them as they go ! Of course there is a love interest for William , and an evil enemy . The plot is pretty loose but this is not a movie you go to in order to bask I a great plot line ; nor should I mention , expect historical accuracy ... far , far from it . But this is actually part of the charm of this movie . It has some truly hilarious parts in it and if you watch very closely , the makers of this film have slipped all kinds of treats in here and there.As an example , first you have to remember that this is supposed to be 14th-century Europe . Right from the start you will find the peasants rocking out and singing `` We Will Rock You '' and `` Golden Years . '' This is an absolute hoot . If you look closer , you will find such things as the Nike symbol on armor , contemporary clothing on some of the women ; which include styles from the 1930s and 1940s , hair styles that simply are not old European . Accents from today are mingled with those of yesterday as well as attitudes toward just about everything.One of the high spots of this picture was Paul Bettany 's portrayal of Geoffrey Chaucer . He had this part nailed and actually stole the show . He would introduce his Knight -LRB- William -RRB- before every jousting match like an announcer at a professional wrestling match ... lines like `` I 'd like to send a shout out to Sir William , show him some love ! '' were priceless.This show was meant to be enjoyed for what it was ... a comedy romp , a bit of poking fun here and there . It had flaws of course , but the solid acting , visual gags and silliness well made up for what may have been lacking.This is simply a funny and enjoyable tale.Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks
 This movie is easily one of my favourites for the year , with its mix of action , humour and romance it really makes for an enjoyable watch . Heath Ledger gives a great performance , as do the rest of the cast . Shannyn Sossamon 's costumes are often quite interesting and innovative , not quite fitting in with the Medieval setting , but then , what in this movie does ?? I knew right away that I wanted to watch it again , and after a second viewing , I just HAD to own it . I would recommend this movie to anyone who is up for a bit of light-hearted entertainment , and it is easily worth the five stars I have given it .
 I have seen it twice and its been out for a week . The story is wonderful and i felt like cheering out loud at a part of the movie.Heath Ledger is a wonderful actor and a fellow aussie why is he not in more movies , i ask.The other actors are great as well.Rufus Swell being the villian of the movie is very nasty.Go and see it for your self.Youll laugh cry and cheer also for the girls Heath Ledger is pretty good to look at as well .
 I really question the judgement of some of these reviewers . A work of Satan . . ??! Oh , please ! First , I am an English teacher , and a big fan of Chaucer and his times . The first time I saw this movie , I was screaming in disbelieving horror throughout . However , my sons loved it and it was on HBO , so the second time they watched it , I could see some merit . By the third time , I was forced to agree with the reviewer who said Chaucer would 've loved this . He would have . The commoner rising up on his own -LRB- basically -RRB- honest merits comes straight from Chaucer . Yes , some of the dialogue is cliched , the Black Prince was not noted for progressiveness , but the cast makes it rise up above such picayune things . Ledger is great , and Jocelyn actually has a mind of her own . See it with an open mind and see for yourself . One other note - mute the volume during Robbie Williams attempt at Queen -LRB- final song -RRB- . Now THAT is desecration !!
 A Knight 's Tale really works . It 's eye candy , not brain candy , but it worked a treat for me . I thought the potential love triangle was left sadly unexplored -LRB- especially as there was n't really any chemistry between Will and Jocelyn -RRB- , but otherwise , full marks
 I was extremely please with the speed in which my purchase made it to my home . The product was in excellent shape and works wonderfully . I would purchase from this vendor again in a heart beat . Thank you for the wonderful service .
 As always , Amazon provides great service and quick delivery . Very satisfied with service and product.However , other sellers who sell through Amazon from which I have purchased items have not provided good service or delivery .
 A fun movie with great soundtrack . The actors were perfect for their roles ; the actresses were n't as appealing , but it was a fun few hours .
 I loved this movie so much , i own the regular edition dvd , extended dvd , and now the blu-ray . Such a good movie deserves more credibility . This is by far the best movie i ever saw . I left the military and as I sat there flipping through channels , this movie came on hbo . Quite frankly , the best movie i 've ever seen . I hold every to this standard . Its entertaining . Now 7 years later its still an amazing movie.It 's my favorite movie of all time.one word
 The DVD arrived swiftly and in great condition , just as promised . I was very pleased with the service . Kudos ~ !
 I thought it was a very funny and romantic movie . Which is good cause that is exactly the kinda movies I like to watch . I went with my friends and we could n't stop laughing at some of the scenes . Although I think that Heath Ledger needs to cute his hair . I just do n't think the shaggy look is really working for him . All in all it was a very good movie
 I saw this movie on its opening night and i loved it ... it was funny and exciting . Plus Heath ledger is the best actor !!! I liked this movie because it took a historical time and made it fun by doing not so historical things !!! it was great to see after school !! and im going to go see it again !! : -RRB-
 I thought this was a pretty good movie . But they modernized it too much for my taste . I would recomend this to the teen-agers more than anyone . But it 's still worth a look if your in the mood for a pretty good movie ...
 Buddy you 're a strong guy , smart guy , nice , why do n't you change your stars today , become a knight , be the best to fight , heck fall in love why not ? it will , it will , ROCK YOU !! And it will rock you , surprisingly , A KNIGHT 'S TALE , is almost better than the Mummy Returns . The characters were all well developed , and you were n't wondering , ` what in the heck is that guy doing ? ' The lady did n't fall instantly for the knight , and that makes her smart . Almost all of the characters are intelligent . I like the movie when the characters are smart . And was I hooked into the movie ? good-grief , i might have been chained to the chair . I was in the movie zone ! When I 'm really into the movie , I do n't eat my popcorn or drink my soda . I ate my popcorn during THE MUMMY RETURNS . hint hint hint . Well , you should go see this movie , I 'm going to buy it as soon as I can !! I ca n't wait !!
 This movie is a great story that is made all the better by the contemporary music and the very good acting skills of Heath Ledger and his excellent supporting cast . It 's not your regular boring english acting movie about nobles and peasents , it 's action packed with a touch of romance .
 I saw this Movie 8 times !! I do n't think Heath is cute so that is not why I went to see it . I saw the Patriot and loved so I thought I might like this one . I loved it !! It is n't really a love story though like they say it is . It is very funny and the music to it is great !! It is a nice and happy ending moveie!If u are thinking about seeing it then you should . Do n't wait !!
 Making a medevil comady/action about jousting with a 70 's rock soundtrack sounds like it would be a very hard sell . Well , it is not . This movie is a laugh out loud and teneder movie about a young squire played by Heath Ledger -LRB- The Patriot -RRB- , who pretends to be a knight in order for him to be able to joust so him and his friends can eat , but soon discovers that they can really be champions . There is a great love story envolving Ledger and beautiful newcomer Laura Fraser . The one that truly stands out is actor Paul Bettany as Jeffory Chaucer , who makes his premire in the movie a very funny and meorable moment.This is an original film that will keep you smiling and shouting '' We will rock you '' .
 A Knight 's Tale was my second most favorite movie of all times . Heath Ledger is such a hottie plus it had an awesome plot . At some points it was funny and some sad . It was written excellently and I feel you should go and see it . It was such a good movie . I saw it 2 times and the second time it was like 20 times better than the first . YOU MUST GO SEE THIS MOVIE . IT WAS AWESOME ! YOU ALSO GET TO STARE AT A HOT GUY FOR 2 HOURS ! WHAT COULD BEAT THAT ???
 I am over 40 , love period movies for their realism . When I first saw the trailer for this movie I was sick . But the reviews were positive and I went . I must say that it was excellent , for what it was . If you take it with the same departure from reality that you would for a musical , then First Knight becomes a refreshing new approach . The application of modern music and language is reserved , well applied and applicable to bringing out the characters and the story-line . Otherwise , the world they create is quite good . My teenagers were on the edge of their seats ; they loved it . On another good note , no sexual based nudity -LRB- only a males rear end walking on the road -RRB- , sexual situations were at a minimum and the offensive language was also kept to a minimum . Very creative production and will be the standard if this becomes a new genre .
 I absoulutly loved that movie . Although it was a little strange , I thought the modern music was really cool . It made the movie more enjoyable . And for people who say the costumes were inaccurte , they mostly were n't , the makeup was . In scenes where Jocelyen has paint on her face , that was mostly unheard of during medevil times . -LRB- she also did her hair like a punk rocker ! -RRB- I really liked the scene where they dance to `` Golden Years , '' that was different but very cool . All and all Ledger sizzles , Hedgeland is halarious , and Addy is good hearted . A must see !
 William Thatcher and his friends , Roland and Wat , are three young peasant squires that ca n't afford anything . When they find the armor of a dead knight , William decides to wear it into a jousting tournament to earn some cash , despite the rules prohibiting non-royalty from entering . Roland , Wat , a blacksmith named Kate , and yes , Geoffrey Chaucer , help him through the numerous championships . He eventually finds love with a woman named Jocalyn , but the nasty Count Adhemar has his eye on the girl too . Count Adhemar is in the tournament , and he is a brutal opponent against Thatcher . There is a father/son reunion partway through , and William , against all odds , beats Adhemar . A few of the character 's problems are a little predictable , however.Any hope of a normal jousting movie is dashed . The audience sings at one point , `` We Will Rock You , '' a formal dance at a castle turns into a hyper-charged hiphop , and the audience catches a flying helmet like a foul ball . It works out the right way , surprisingly.This is n't a movie that I 'm gon na own , but I 'd rent it during a long weekend or Christmas holidays . On the PG-13 factor , there is implied sex and kissing and sexual comments but nothing else -LRB- there are worse PG-13 films -RRB- , and the violence is a bunch of men whacking each other 's armor with sticks that splinter instantly . There are a few stabbings . This is suitable for 10 and up and is a short , efficient way to kill 132 minutes .
 I expected to not like this movie -- okay , I 'm sometimes a snob , and the fact that Chaucer was supposedly a character in this movie , with its non-period music & non-realistic plot -LRB- in the middle ages , you did NOT change your class easily -RRB- made my snobby hackles rise.But then I realized that I can be a real jerk sometimes . This movie is fun -- the non-period elements are part of the charm . When the characters all do a semi-medieval dance to a David Bowie song , it 's really a good moment . It 's funny , it does n't take itself too seriously -LRB- unlike me sometimes -RRB- and it is an entertaining look at class warfare , how we can sometimes get so caught up in what is the `` norm '' that we forget what really should be.The scene where Chaucer promises his revenge on the evil summoner & pardoner is something that makes anyone who has read the Canterbury Tales -LRB- especially the naughty stories they do n't always teach in high school -RRB- laugh out loud . Granted , this is not Great Literature -LRB- with a capital GL -RRB- . But I horrify myself when I catch me being an elitist English major -- have fun with this movie , watch it with a kid who has no concept that `` some things just are n't done '' then read the Canterbury Tales & figure out ways of making history & your own life as interesting and `` norm breaking '' as it can be .
 My 13 yr old daughter & I enjoyed this movie mixed with modern music & the medieval times . The young cast was good especially Heath Ledger , GREAT JOB . The movie was comical , silly but fun , adventurous , romantic w/love at first sight , it had drama too . The costumes were great & we even learned a little something , something about jousting . We did not compare it to Gladiator or Braveheart , we just enjoyed it for what it was old scenes with a new groove .
 When I 'd rented this movie , I did it because I 'd seen everything else . I was so glad I did ! I watched it 3 times before taking it back ! Then I recieved it as a gift.It 's a great movie that has a midevil theme to it , with modern day music . The story is about how a person can change their destiny . It shows the struggle , determination , and the vengence of life . You 'll laugh , hate , cry , and laugh some more . The costumes and colors that are used are great . Some people have a hard time mixing Queens ' music with midevil times , but they pull it off very well in this movie . I highly recommend it !
 A knights tale is a funny , exiting and -LRB- unfortunatly -RRB- romantic story . Heath Ledger is a perfect William , and Geffrey Chauser 's actor -LRB- I have forgoten the name -RRB- does the `` introductions '' brilliently . It is a must see if you like , like me , Medevil Jousting !
 Anyone who trashes this movie either has n't truly seen it , or suffers from lousy taste and a non-existent sense of humor . I admit the previews made it look like some ill-conceived cliche . But when my wife rented the DVD , I was surprised to find a storyline that 's incredibly creative with no holes . It also features some sensational acting -LRB- the Chaucer character and Rufus Sewell in particular -RRB- . FYI , this is n't Shakespeare ; if you got a bang out of watching Raymond Burr in Othello , it 's not for you . However , A Knight 's Tale is far from the predictable action pulp we usually get . This is one of the funnest most enjoyable movies I 've seen in past years . Give it a chance .
 Anyone 's imagination can run wild , so why not screw up the jousting world ? Queen is one of my favorite bands , and if you think about it really hard '' We Will Rock You '' makes complete sense at a match.For all you history freaks -LRB- including me -RRB- , stop all the hard-core facts and bring your nose out of the texbooks . '' A Knight 's Tale '' still sticks to the real thing with the terrific exception of funny modern twists . Come on , who does n't want to laugh at something as silly as this ? It would be a miracle if someone did n't laugh at all the whole movie . Say it 's utterly ridiculous and that 's the honest truth , but it 's still a great film .
 This was just the best movie ever . I did n't even want to like it , but I just could n't help it . A great story that warms the heart . It has just about everything . Love , humor , adventure . What more could anybody want . Something for everybody . I do n't think I could ever get tired of watching it . Love the soundtrack too . Keep an open mind . Just sit back and let it take you . You 'll be glad you did .
 This was a fairly good film , but honestly - if you like it - you will love it . You do n't like it - it will be one of the films you despise for this year.It was a very risky film , and most people I have spoken to , tell me they were a little disappointed . Me - I thought it was okay . Worthy of 4 stars at least for the cool action sequences and the co-ordinating of that opening sequence
 OMG what can i say . I just finished watching this movie and remembered that amazon lets you give reviews . All i can say is that i HIGHLY recommend this movie ! It 's not serious like the Patriot . Well not the whole time . It has some hilarious parts in it as well . Not only is heath ledger GORGEOUS ! he is a great actor . the whole cast was well picked for this movie . I hope everyone at leasts rents it to give it a try !
 This quirky movie is wonderful . Heath Ledger is always easy to watch , and this picture showcases his comedic side with the occasional opportunity for some serious -LRB- and convincing -RRB- moments . This is part of my `` Mood Collection '' , a set of movies that I keep handy in case my day starts out on a low note I can always stick this disc in , and it never fails to divert my attention from what I should be doing to watching the whole movie again , and putting it away in a much better mood than before . It never fails to pick up my day and the rest of the day I hear Freddie singing in the background !
 I love this movie ! The characters are fully formed , the interactions change over time based on the group dynamics . The comedic timing of the actors could n't be better . It is a simple tale , told many times before , but done very well . The movie also inserts modern songs which you would n't expect , seem to fit , and generate a lot of energy and connection to modern times .
 This very watchable film mixes the drama of historical fiction with contemporary music . The plot is decent , the writing polished , and the film moves at a good pace . Heath Ledger has a strong performance as William , the low-born squire who , aspiring to greatness , hides his humble origins to compete in jousting matches . It 's a bit of a stretch that William and his companions serendipitously end up in the company of one Geoffrey Chaucer , who forges documents and acts as William 's herald ; but this part is done well . The real treat of the film however , is to see the talented James Purefoy as Edward , the Black Prince , who has also been hiding the origins of his birth to compete in the exciting jousting tournaments . The high point of the movie arrives when Purefoy/Edward emerges from the disguise of a black cape to reveal his royal presence , rescue Leger/William from punishment in the stocks , and knights him with all the grand swagger than only Purefoy can deliver . A terrific scene !
 Entertaining is too light a word for `` A Knight 's Tale '' , which has become one of my all-time favorites . Not only is the music unusual , yet fitting for the Medieval setting in which the story is set , there is a workin ' female farrier/blacksmith who is on equal footing with the male protangonist . Of note , although attractive , the actors , such as lead Heath Ledger , are not the glitzy beautiful we have come to expect in movies . The actors display human foibles and strengths , such as poor choices and loyalty , all truthfully.There is humor and teamwork and the universal theme of trying to better oneself . Incredible aerial camera shots of the horses , jousting and dancing that I found breathtaking and memorable . Watch this movie ! It may also become your favorites !
 Strange as it may seem , I 've watched this movie a couple of dozen times and seem to enjoy it each time . I also pick up on additional pieces of the plot that I missed the time before . Heath Ledger does an excellent job of getting you to root for him through out the movie and feel his pain during his challenging times . One to add to the library .
 This is a nice movie to laugh with friends , boyfriend , husband or family . Might be a little to riske ' for children due to brief nudity . But all in all it is a funny interesting mix of past and more past . Great sounds too .
 This is an absolutely humourous film , yet still a semi-serous drama . The `` We will Rock You '' music at the Jousting Contest is a setting tone . This is a good film for teens or adults - a little nudity -LRB- non-sexual -RRB- is the only thing that would be remotely questionable for a preteen . Otherwise a good family movie .
 I thought this was a really great movie ! I think the rock music really kicks it up . I have the soundtrack , and I listen to it all the time . Heath Ledger is so incredibly hot that even if this movie were bad , which it definitely is n't , it would be worth watching anyway ! The music video of We Are The Champions is really great as well .
 To tell you right off the bat , this is not a historically accurate medieval movie , so if that is what you looking for , I would not suggest this movie . What this movie is though , is a lot of fun . It is medieval with a modern twist . This movie is set in 14th century France/London . This movie is over all very well done . The characters are great , especially the character of Geoffery Chaucer , though not very historically accurate in presentation -LRB- He would still in his teenage years when this movie was set -RRB- , but he is deffinatly funny and quirky and unexpected . The costumes in this movie , though not historically accurate , are a lot of fun.One of the only characters that irked me was Rufus Sewell 's character . He 's such a great actor especially in movie like Dangerous Beauty and Cold Confort Farm , but I do n't think he was right for the role of the villian , he 's trying hard to be evil and mean . The other character that irked me slightly was Heath Ledgers love interest . She 's far to stuck up and snobby for my taste . I much prefered Laura Frazier 's character . She is more real to me.Over all I very much recommend this movie , it is very funny and enjoyable .
 If you see A Knight 's Tale , be ready to laugh and laugh harder . There are lots of jokes in it besides the good plot that the movie has . The jousting was well coordinated , and the facts stated are true . The one thing I did n't like was how predictable parts were . If you go see it , remember that you may be able to predict what happens . I say go see it if it is still in theaters , but do n't pay too much for it .
 THIS IS MY FAVORITE HEATH LEDGER MOVIE . HE UNFORTUNATELY PASSED AWAYAND I WANTED SOMETHING HE DID TO REMEMBER HIM ALWAYS.I NEED TO LAUGH AT HIS SILLINESS.I MISS HIM ... CONDOLENCES TO THE FAMILYI RATE THIS MOVIE A 10 . GLAD I GOT IT THROUGH YOU.THANKS.ANNETTE
 I 've alwasys loved this movie , when it first came out , I recorded it on Tivo and watched it over and over ... I 've always wanted to buy this movie , but never got around to it , and so I finally purchased it . Heath Ledger had recently passed away , and I purchased 3 of his movies that I really loved , and will continue to watch , over and over . This movie is funny , romantic , serious and has a great story line with a wonderful ending .
 A sort of cross between an MTV music video and a costume romance , this film is held together by the good humoured performances of its cast -LRB- in particular Heath Ledger and Paul Bettany -RRB- . The soundtrack is great and the story entertaining and easy to follow , with some great action scenes in the jousting arena and a fantastic pantomime villian played by Rufus Sewell . One for the whole family .10 Things I Hate About You
 Good script , interesting characters , plenty of fun moments mixed with 1970s rock n roll make this a family favorite . It is family friendly and has the two things that make a movie great for my 7 year son . . swords . sword-fighting . Throw in a good love story and a dreamy star , according to my daughters when describing Heath ledger and this is an above average movie worthy of 4 stars - very good.The story is about a commoner who pretends to be a nobleman . he gathers a `` pit crew '' of sorts and enters the josting circuit . I immediately makes a friend of an important person , but an enemy of another , creating the main tension in the story.If you have n't seen this one yet , go rent it tonight .
 As another user commented , this film is incredibly ridiculous . As the film starts , you hear `` We Will Rock You '' playing in the background . Okay , I thought , they took modern music and set it to the movie . Pretty absurd , but it might be cool . Then as they showed the audience and I thought it could n't get any crazier , I noticed they were actually singing it ! This film does n't simply try to modernize itself by throwing in twentieth century pop-culture , it actually incorporates it . At one point , someone says `` Can I get a shout-out for London ! '' About the only thing they did n't do in this film was have anyone `` raise the roof ! '' Yet surprisingly enough , all of this campiness works and provides for a fun and entertaining movie.After about 20 minutes , you begin to accept the campiness of the film and enjoy it . You realize how absurd it is , but just do n't care . The director took a huge gamble with these ideas , but I think it pays off well . You just need to get over the historical inacuracies and corniness of a Knight 's Tale and enjoy . Most people in the theater were laughing with the film , not at it.While not the greatest film ever made , it certainly is a successful one , and provides for an entertaining picture that many should enjoy . If you 're considering paying an extra $ 8 for the `` Superbit '' eidtion , I would advise just to get the regular edition . I own several Superbit DVDs , and although I ca n't comment on this one , I have never noticed a difference in quality with Superbit editions over the regular .
 A fun romp . This is a light and fun movie . The hero , an unlikely underdog ; the villain , despicably arrogant ; the maiden , lovely and pure . Lots of laughs , excitement , and valor . If you are looking for dark historical accuracy , this is not the movie for you ... but if you want a fast moving feel good movie that can be watched with the family , buddies , or date this is a good pick . No heavy-handed character development and straightforward plot with a satisfying conclusion . I added it to my collection , and recommend that you do as well .
 I must admit that I was a bit surprised as were many other of the reviewers about the rock soundtrack . When I first heard the beginning of Queen 's `` We will rock you , '' I had to wonder ... But it worked . I thought it was interesting portraying how jousting and modern sports are similar . However , the best part of the movie was the comraderie between the characaters - and the title of the movie made sense when the Chaucer character was introduced . Pretty clever ! Heath Ledger made a charming and endearing knight -LRB- what is it about those Aussies that is so alluring ? -RRB- and was supported by a well-casted group of helpmates . With so many cynical movies out there , I enjoyed the theme of `` changing one 's stars . '' Realistic ? Maybe not always , but we all like to believe . I always judge a movie based on whether I would see it again . Since I left with a big smile on my face , I 'd definitely see it again .
 I was there when this movie came out and I vividly remember being in an empty theater . This movie was an instant cult classic same as the 13th Warrior and the 9th Gate . But I disagree on an earlier comment that the extended DVD is not worth it , untrue . Just my 2 cents.I also recall watching this movie many times when I was feeling down . It was like going on an adventure and the extended edition only made that adventure last that much longer . In the movie the Patriot with Mel Gibson , Heath was excellent but then again , I also loved him in Roar . He was a star from the get go and was probably heading for even greater stardom as the older action stars are slowly exiting stage left , the newer guys are and were moving up , like Heath . It is sad what happened to him . I guess he did n't know himself and his body as well as he thought he did . Drinking , getting high , has it 's limits and when you reach those limits , something in you knows exactly what you 're doing . In the end , some people cross that line and some do n't . I only wish someone was with him and that he was n't alone , perhaps then he might have been with us today.I personally will continue to watch A Knights Tale until I too exit this great planet . There 's nothing to be gained from this except pure enjoyment . ** / / ** - UPDATE : And now Charlton Heston has left us . These are truly sad times as we 've lost a great resource , period . It 's also sadly a reminder of our own mortality . I mean Heath was not a natural thing and so is treated differently but Charlton lived a long and fruitful life and died of old age with complications . Time goes by so fast . I wish the younger crowd took this into consideration every time they go out partying like it 's 1999 . God bless you Heath and Charlton , may you both rest in peace .
 My sister recommended this film to me , and I must say , I was pleasantly surprised . This is not a historical commentary , and is n't meant to portray the material as a documentary . Any plot variations or shallowness should be attributed to the fact that the creators of this film were trying to do something fun and unusual . In that , I believe they succeeded . Despite the fact that William ended up with Jocelyn instead of Kate , the movie still works . Reviewer Octavius needs to lighten up . A film is meant to be taken for what it is , not what it is n't . This film is definitely entertainment only . If you want real history , tune into the History Channel .
 If you 're a fan of Brian Helgeland , Paul Bettany -LRB- Chaucer -RRB- , or just commentary tracks in general , do n't buy the extended edition . The regular DVD has every feature the `` extended '' edition does - it just does n't insert the deleted scenes into the movie . They 're included as bonus features . This extended edition does not include the hilarious and insightful commentary track by Helgeland and Bettany , which is really the best thing about the DVD . You get more features for less money by buying the regular DVD release .
 Apparently audiences could n't quite figure out A Knight 's Tale when it had its theatrical release last year . This was in all likelihood due to the combination of rock music in ancient times clashing with our knowledge of history and our delicate sensibilities . However , having both seen this at the cinema and owning it on DVD , I would like to hope that this movie will be given a second chance to win new viewers as it really is a good film and great fun!Heath Ledger -LRB- The Patriot -RRB- displaying great charm and a winning smile throughout , plays William Thatcher , squire to a washed up champion jouster , who dies during a competition , leaving William to masquerade as his master in order to collect their winnings . Aided by his initially less than enthusiatic pals Roland -LRB- Mark Addy from Full Monty -RRB- and Wat -LRB- Alan Tudyk , 28 Days -RRB- William fakes nobility to illegally enter competitions . On their travels they encounter a naked wanderer , the future famed author , Geoffrey Chaucer -LRB- Paul Bettany -RRB- who joins their ` crusade ' and helps to forge William 's ancestral lineage , so that he can take part in the noblemen only games . Whilst competing -LRB- according to my wife who seems to like every Australian film star -RRB- the very handsome William catches the eye of a lady , Jocelyn -LRB- the very beautiful Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- , and sets out to win her heart . However , standing between William and his two goals of winning the World Championships and winning the hand of Lady Jocelyn stands the dastardly Count Adhemar -LRB- brilliantly played by Rufus Sewell , Dark City -RRB- . This is a surprising change of direction for writer/Director Brian Helgelend -LRB- LA Confidential -RRB- . This movie is great fun and the mixture of rock music -LRB- they sing , clap and stamp Queen 's We Will Rock You before each joust -RRB- and medieval times works surprisingly well , adding to the excitement and atmosphere of each competition . Both Heath Ledger and Shannyn Sossamon shine in their lead roles and share excellent on-screen sexual chemistry . However , it is Paul Bettany who steals most scenes as the occasionally naked , always in trouble , lyrical Geoffrey Chaucer . Also watch out for James Purefoy in a relatively small role -LRB- but tipped for greater things -RRB- ! Extra features on the DVD include a light-hearted commentary from Brian Helgeland and Paul Bettany , where they reveal some of the FX tricks of the trade and hear Helgeland feign ignorance of the fact that they did n't dance to David Bowie in 1366 or play Queen 's `` We Will Rock You '' at jousting tournaments . There is also a passable documentary and some excellent deleted scenes and a music video where Britains most popular of current musical stars Robbie Williams performs Queen 's `` We Are the Champions '' with all the pomp and grandiosity of Freddie Mercury , outlining why he is considered natural heir to Mercury 's throne as Britains Greatest Showman.Four stars for the movie -LRB- five stars are far too often and easily dispensed -RRB- , four stars for the extras . Well worth checking out .
 I ca n't tell you how surprised I was when I absolutely loved this movie ! I did n't expect to like it at all . I figured it would be a two-dimensional MTV take on Medieval sport . Instead the producers did something dangerous -- they found a script!Sure it 's predictable and there are plenty of cliched lines , but the film absolutely succeeds in what it set out to do . It plays very well by its own rules . And it is surprisingly moving at times . When the film could have sunk to schmaltz , it holds its own with good acting and sturdy writing.What could have been another stupid teen movie actually has legs and a soul.I 'm amazed the number of people who fault it for its inventive style in incorporating contemporary music with the medieval milieu , when these same people loved Shrek for doing exactly the same thing.I applaud the risks the film takes and how well it succeeds when it takes them . In the end , is n't Pro Wrestling or boxing the modern day equivalent of the joust ? In spirit and appeal , at least , if not in grace or sophistication.Call it a guilty pleasure , but the film is a fun and successful and worth watching again.Don ' t skip the deleted scenes -- wonderful stuff there , especially the extended stockade scene .
 A suprisingly entertaining spectacle . ' A Knight 's Tale ' marks Heath Ledger 's coming out party . The young Aussie star is in fine form as a poor boy seeking to become a knight . The lancing tournaments are dazzling , and the comic relief is frequent . In addition , call this movie the ` un-period piece . ' While the film is set in medieval times , several scenes blatantly and intentionally fuse history with present popular culture . For instance , Ledger and another knight meet in the arena as the crowd claps to Queen 's ` We Will Rock You . ' Later , Ledger and a young maiden dance disco-style in a medieval hall . It 's a bizarre mixture that gives the movie a hip , refreshing edge . I was dragged kicking-and-screaming to this one . But I came out a fan .
 Okay , like some others here let me stress ... THIS IS NOT MEANT TO BE A HISTORICALLY ACCURATE MOVIE.After reading the first 80 reviews I feel compelled to add my own 2 cents . We rented this and I have to agree that in the first few minutes I was revolted by the rock music , being a big fan of historical pieces set in the middle ages . Despite my initial feelings , I stuck it out . Too soon I found myself again annoyed by the styles worn by the Lady Jocelyn . Yuck ! `` What is going on '' , I wondered . But already I was finding myself involved in the story line and enjoying the humor , especially the interactions among the main characters . By the end I was willing to admit I 'd been entertained and I was in love with all the characters with the possible exception of Jocelyn.Then we watched all the extra bonus material and I was amazed at the thought and work that went into this movie . I just had to watch it again , having gained a new perspective on WHY things were done the way they were . What I discovered was an extremely entertaining romp.For those of you who only saw the theatre version or are concerned about the rock and roll references in these reviews , try to see the director 's point of view . Throughout history parents have strived to understand their youngsters . Or do we assume that the generations have always perfectly understood one another until it came to the 20th century ? Language , music , clothes ... is n't it likely that different generations differed as much in opinions then as now ? If not then how did the culture ever evolve into something completely different ? Notice that I have avoided the term `` teens '' . Well , face it , back then the teens WERE adults . But there must still have been generational gaps . Did they say `` wow '' in historical times ? No . But it 's probable that there was a word that conveyed a similar meaning from a `` slang '' perspective . Language is not static , it is ever-changing . What we speak today would not even be understood by those who lived in England almost 700 years ago , so how can anyone complain about accents and language ? Do they really think that anybody from England today would have been understood back then ? Please.Music ... hello ? Orchestral is better for periodic pieces why ? As another reviewer mentioned ... it 's no more periodic than rock . The director was wanting to portray a fresh perspective and succeeded hugely . I 'm sorry but when you 're trying to convey a sense of excitement such as one feels at a football game -LRB- yes , that 's the analogy used to try bringing jousting to a more modern perspective -RRB- , chamber music is n't likely to get anyone in today 's world fired-up . And folks , that 's a big part of what this whole movie is all about . Jousting was a major sporting event that was very exciting to the people of the time . How does one convey that excitement to a modern audience ? The drama is easily done ... but the intense emotion , the exhilaration we associate with a favorite sport ? I feel that the director found an exciting new way to bring the medieval world alive for modern viewers.As to Jocelyn . She 's a bit shallow and the costumes are starting to bother me less . But her character -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- , allows for some very comedic lines that I think add to the overall fun of the movie.I could go on but other reviewers have hit most of the other key points . The bottom line is
 This is a sweet story about a young peasant with dreams of escaping poverty and achieving self-determination as a knight . He travels with friends -- two fellow squires , a woman blacksmith , and `` Chaucer '' . He falls in love with a noble young woman and has a nasty adversary who wants to skewer him . The choice of music -LSB- rock and roll -RSB- is a bit jarring when first encountered and some of the costumes etc are definitely out of period , but you 'll get over that . Listening to the commentary will help you understand why various choices were made to use modern vs old , if you find it troublesome.The story itself is a classic , definitely medieval , but the hero 's troubles are fully comprehensible and relevant to modern audiences . The tournament sequences are great . Unlike so many films in which knights wear `` armor '' that is obviously for decoration only , the knights in this film race actual horses at each other across a field and get whacked with actual lances . So the armor does take a real thump . It and the jousting technique are pretty much accurate to period . The jousting is very well filmed and totally believable - a great combination of scary and wonderful . The dialogue is generally well written and well acted , the characters are all well developed and multi-dimensional . This film has under-appreciated early performances by Heath Ledger , Paul Bettany , and good work by everyone else . There are some great funny lines , plus moments of tenderness , anxiety , despair and triumph . Who could ask for more ?
 Let me begin by saying that this film is not what most people expect it to be . Rather than being a typical medieval hack and slash movie , A Knight 's Tale is actually a sports movie with a lot of comedy , action , and a bit of romance.Confused ? Well , considering that jousting was probably the sport of choice in the movie 's time setting , this makes perfect sense . Still confused ? You 'll understand when you watch the opening scene with the spectators at a joust singing `` We Will Rock You '' by Queen . Sound bizarre ? I thought so , too , but then it all made perfect sense as I sat and watched.Basically a tale of a rookie new to the sport and his struggle to the top , this film is now one of my favorites up there with Gladiator and Braveheart . Just like those two movies , Knight 's Tale is one of those films that sucks you right in with gorgeous sets , detailed costumes , and great characterization . However , the main difference is that the tone of this movie is rather comical . Actually , I laughed more during A Knight 's Tale than I remember laughing during most comedies . This is n't to say that the movie lacks any seriousness . Competition is what jousting is all about , and this film gets you pretty pumped up even without having any battle scenes.I highly recommend this movie to everyone , and I ca n't wait for it to come out on DVD . Make sure you do n't get to the theater late so you do n't miss the `` We Will Rock You '' opening sequence , and check out Geoffrey Chaucer , one of the major characters . Yes , the same Geoffrey Chaucer that wrote Canterbury Tales . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This highly enjoyable , fairy tale of a film revolves around the efforts of William , a tanner 's son , trying to change his destiny . His father gave him up into servitude to a knight , when William was a slip of a lad , in hopes of his having a better future . When he grows up , William , remembering his father 's advice , reaches for the stars in an effort to become what he has always dreamed of being , a knight in shining armor.Played to perfection by the very hunky and charismatic Heath Ledger , William gets his big break when the knight , whom he serves , dies during a jousting competition . Donning his knight 's armor and substituting secretly for the knight , he handily , though clumsily , wins the competition and its purse . He persuades Roland and Wat , the other two vassals who also served the now dead knight , to assist him in his efforts to continue competing . They reluctantly agree and begin helping him train for future jousting competitions . William , however , needs credentials establishing his knighthood in order to compete , as mere peasants are prohibited to do so . He has the good fortune to run into a man of letters , Geoffrey Chaucer , who happens to be a bit down on his luck . Chaucer agrees to provide him with forged patents in order to enter tournaments.William , playing the role of a knight named Ulric Von Lichtenstein , becomes a force with which to be reckoned on the playing field . This does not pass unnoticed by an evil knight , Count Adhemar , played with deliciously wicked malice by Rufus Sewell , who does not hesitate to play dirty on and off the field , if necessary , in order to win . William , however , plays his role most honorably and nobly.William falls in love with the Lady Jocelyn , whom Sewell also covets and intends to marry , but Lady Jocelyn , played by lovely newcomer , Shannyn Sossamon , may be falling for our erstwhile hero . This turn of events makes Count Adhemar all the more determined to win on and off the field . When a jousting competition brings them all to William 's hometown , Adhemar pulls out all the stops in an effort to settle the matter once and for all.This is truly a fun film . The viewer ca n't help but love the ever so earnest William , played by the simpatico and romantically handsome Heath Ledger . Paul Bettany , as the insouciant and scampish Chaucer , very nearly steals the film , so terrific is he in his role . Rufus Sewell is both sexy and ruthless as the unprincipled and haughty Count Adhemar . The rest of the supporting cast is likewise superb , with the exception of Shannyn Sossamon who does not seem fit the role of one to the manor born.While the plot seems somewhat formulaic , it is made new by the interjection of modern day music and customs . Watch as the crowd gathered for the jousting competition stomps , claps , and does the `` wave '' in time to Queen 's rousing song , `` We Will Rock You '' . See Chaucer act as a modern day huckster for his knight , working the crowd to a fever pitch . Look to the dance led by William at a post jousting reception at the local castle . Likewise , Jocelyn 's costumes , at times , resemble haute couture . These modern day interjections that occur throughout the film , though jarring , keep this age old story fresh and funny . It is difficult not to enjoy this film , as it is infectious in its charm .
 While it 's certainly not going to reach the standards of last year 's brilliant Gladiator , A Knight 's Tale remains an action-packed adventure with plenty of drama and romance mixed into an easy to understand script with some corny lines . There are a couple of flaws in this medieval tale including the start , which was a bit of a bore . It 's also a bit hard to take 14th-15th Century men and women chanting Queen 's `` We Will Rock You '' in a stadium before a swordfight or something seriously ; but , when it comes down to the action , the suspense , the adventure , the lances and the sword-fights , can you really resist this cool flick ? It 's bound to be a hit with the boys and the romance will break the girl 's hearts . Plus Heath Ledger , ladies , he 's one to look out for . His acting is talented and I loved his character determination . The script surprised me too . Although some corny lines kinda take over in some scenes , I thought - and do n't kick me for this - that A Knight 's Tale was refreshingly clever and had some fantastic ideas which it uses with imagination and detail . A Knight 's Tale is a groovy , crowdpleasing and fun movie that kicks off easily and proceeds to be one of the neatest medieval adventures of the year 2001 . So leave your uppity attitude at the cinema door , kick back , prepare yourself for some major summer fun and ultimately , enjoy !
 I 've seen it a thousand times ... and just love it ! It 's one of those flicks that just makes you feel good and puts a smile on your face . Of course it does n't hurt that Heath was gorgeous to look at in ths flick too!It 's great to see him happy and healthy ... and this is the way I want to remember him . You could tell he was really enjoying himself while making this film . Whenever I 've had a hard day ... or just need to be cheered up ... I put this movie in . Just the dancing scene alone lifts me up . I 'd recommend this film to anyone . It 's not a film to be taken seriously - but just to enjoy again and again . And you will feel inspired . Just remember ... you always have the power to change your stars .
 After reading other reviews , I 'm compelled to write one myself!The first time I watched this movie , the English teacher in me came out . I thought the movie was bad , bad , bad . There was nothing in it that belonged in the Medieval era . The styles , the personalities , music , nothing.But my husband liked it , so we bought it and I watched it again . What a wonderfully delightful movie ! The plot is of course much the same as other movies ... damsel and knight and jousting , but the way it is directed is awesome.If you do n't look at this movie as a documentary of the Medieval era , it is perfectly wonderful . Get rid of all expectations when you put it in to watch and I guarantee it will be the best movie you 've watched in quite some time . I know my husband and I do ... we watch it at least once a week !
 Wow . Those were the only words I had to say after I left the theater . That was the best movie I 've ever seen . I mean , I 've seen good movies , but this one ... Wow .
 I liked the movie very much and I do n't care about the bad critics I mean everybody has his own opinion so I recommend to buy this on dvd .
 Short & sweet review.I was dragged to see this movie with my wife and I expected yet another bad movie that I would have to sleep through . Boy , was I wrong ! It was Excellent . So good that I 've been waiting for its release on DVD .
 Great movie . Ca n't wait . But why oh why did you put Shook me all night long when it should have been - WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS!And the original version . This would have made the movie excellant .
 This is an awesome movie , I 've never seen anything like it ! When was the last time you saw a movie that had the peasants singing ` We Will Rock You ' at a jousting tournament ? When was the last time the royals danced to David Bowie ? When was the last time you saw a movie so fun , refreshing , meaningful , and funny as the movie ' A Knight 's Tale ' ? During ' A Knight 's Tale ' you will laugh , cry , and cheer -LRB- for the knights ! -RRB- . The acting is great , I was very impressed with Heath Ledger and newcomer Shannyn Sossamon . The battles manage to be extremely exciting and fun to watch without all the blood and gore you usually see . The costumes and music are great ! Most people think that a movie set in medieval times with modern music will be stupid or cheesy . I thought this myself when I first saw it , but the music works itself into the movie surprisingly well!I liked how the main character -LRB- Heath Ledger -RRB- was a really honest and kind man who had good morals . You really do n't see that too much in heros nowadays . This movie also has a great message . I 've seen ' A Knight 's Tale ' twice already in theaters and I ca n't wait until it comes out on DVD !
 This movie is a ball . Heath Ledger was charming as the lead , and the cast generally had excellent chemistry . The references to Pro Wrasslin ' and the arena-rock soundtrack helped the movie achieve its goal
 the amazing movie combines modern day , midevil , and humor . it is the best movie EVER !
 I went and saw this movie last night , with one of my friends . we just sat down when the peasants were singing `` We Will Rock You '' by Queen . i 'm thinking , ohh , i 'm in a for a treat.at first when i heard about it , i only wanted to see `` Knight 's Tale '' because ... guess why ? heath ledger was in it . OBVIOUSLY ! i was impressed by his acting , very different form `` 10 things i hate about you `` the movie -LRB- basically -RRB- is about William Thatcher -LRB- ledger -RRB- who left England when he was young , and his father to become a squire for Sir Ector , in France . Sir Ector dies suddenly , so Thatcher takes his place at a tournament that Ector was supposed to be in , and decides to try for the world championships , in london.but first he has to learn to joust . the `` training '' part of the movie was funny . one of my favorites . Will 's 2 sidekicks , are Roland -LRB- Mark Addy -RRB- and Wat -LRB- Alan Tudyk , who was SO funnny , his temper gets the better of him in so many places . it was hilarious to watch him get his ... kicked . -RRB- on the road to the next tournament , after will has spruced up his jousting skills , they meet a naked man walking down the road , named Geoffry Chaucer , '' Chaucer , Geoffry Chaucher , famous writer , have you heard of me ? `` who promises to write Will 's lineage paper , so he can get into the tournament -LRB- proof was needed that you were royalty , obviously , will was n't -RRB- , in exchange for clothes , a nd a ride on their horse.wwell , the false papers work , and will gets in , only to find that Jeff -LRB- as they call him -RRB- has gambled his clothes away -LRB- again -RRB- and the men he lost to says he owes them money.so will has to win , or chaucer will be ... well , you get the picture . willl ends up winning the on-foot sword fights , and thats enough . he also happens to meet the lovley Jocelyn , -LRB- Shannon Sossamon -RRB- , who instantly wins his heart . the trio also meet Kate , a woman blacksmith , who repairs Will 's old and rusty armour.she teaches them how to dance , because Will has been invited to the bangquet and does n't know how . and also because Wat and Jeff , do n't get along . jeff -LRB- played BRILLIANTLY by Paul Bettany , was my favorite character , he thinks all up all these little ditties , when they 're dancing it 's this one to Wat - `` you ca n't even twirl because you dance like a GIRL ! '' and Wat gives him a bloody nose.on to the next tournament , the nasty villain , Count Adhemar , -LRB- played by Rufus Sewell , very good , hated him alot -RRB- has his eye , on Jocelyn and getting rid of Will . Will makes it to the worlds ' and gets reunited with his father , who is now blind.Adhemar finds out Will is not nobility and sends him to jail . enter the Black Prince of Wales , Edward , future King of England . who tries to joust without revealing hi identity , because men will not joust agains ' t a prince . Will , knowing who he was , jousted again ` st him once , and the Prince admires him for this.Adhemar pays a visit to Will in jail , his favorite saying is `` you have been weighed , you have been measured . . and you have been found wanting '' he delights in saying this to Will , while punching him . Edward frees Will form the stocks and knights him . Will goes back the tournament , his father comes to watch . but , in the last round , Adhemar , instead of blunting his lance , he illegaly sharpens it , and thus wounds Will severely in the shoulder . Will takes his armour off for the last run , because he can not breathe with it on , and has Wat tie his lance to his arm , because he can not hold it.needless to say , he wins , by unhorsing Adhemar . he is now the World Champion , and a knight . he changed his stars , and that is the most important.I liked the comedy in this movie . it was n't very obvious , rather subtle , but hilarious at times.and it was n't gross-out humor , the kind i hate . i thought it was excellent , the music , although not the type you 'd think would be in a medival movie , fits it . Go see it , and be ready to be rocked .
 From the blurb I read , the director visualized clashing knights while listening to classic rock . It 's at least possible that jousting was to the middle ages what car racing is to us , and rock music might provide an adrenalin pumping soundtrack as a parallel experience . Regardless , it de-fossilizes the medieval period while making it viscerally -LRB- or maybe vicariously -RRB- present for mainstream audiences.But the real surprise is the character of Geoffrey Chaucer , author of Canterbury Tales , who in this version has a gambling problem . Thus our intrepid would-be knights find him naked on the road , having lost his clothes to his addiction . Writers in movies are usually what Dostoevsky in Notes from Underground called `` Men of Consciousness '' not `` Men of Action '' . Chaucer is a man of action -LRB- as he perhaps was in his own time -RRB- , and essential to the plot and story . He is done down by a Pardoner , and the joke is that he 'll get revenge in the `` Pardoner 's tale '' in The Canterbury Tales -LRB- which he plans to write in the movie -RRB- . This film is not the only piece of art to take its inspiration from Chaucer . The other is the rock song by Procul Harem , `` Whiter Shade of Pale '' which plays off of the `` Miller 's Tale , '' the bawdiest of the stories in The Canterbury Tales.Notwithstanding Hollywood 's period sense that makes everyone in any epoch appear as if they 've just left the dentist office or the barber shop , this is still far above the usual tinseltown doldrums endlessly cranked out with the same predictable story lines and the same hot buttons of violence and sex . Against all odds , style and substance get equal billing in A Knight 's Tale .
 1st if you are into 100 % accuracy such as SCA do n't watch . If you want to understand the feelings that were probably held by people from the era of Knights and Kings you will find it here.It is an honorable tale , has good acting , humor , action , good supporting roles , decent pace , good camera work -LRB- it does not detract from the story -RRB- . It is not entirely predictable in specific events but the story is a standard epic . The feel is authentic , people actually get hurt and not everything works out perfect . But it does have the happy ending which I require to give any movie or book a 5th star.I bought it because it was cheap , not expecting much . Surprisingly I have watched it numerous times . My rule is that if I can watch a movie multiple times it must be good.My only question is `` whats up with her hair ? ''
 This was a good movie , although I ca n't say that I was overly impressed with it . I suppose it 's hard for films like these to stand up to the awe and majesty of other films like Star Wars and the like . I 'm not saying that it was a bad movie . Not at all . The story is interesting , the characters appealing , and Hollywood actually managed to produce some lines that could be considered witty . When I say that I was n't overly impressed , I was n't overly unimpressed either .
 I got this movie for my teenage daughter for Christmas . She just loves it . Said it was her all-time favorite . It was a wonderful show I was n't afraid to watch with her . A very nice love story with no vulgarness . No embarrassing love scenes and no horrible language . I thought it was a great movie for a teenage girl .
 Heath Ledger stars in this creative and adorable jousting movie as William Thatcher , a squire for a knight who suddenly is thrown into the armor himself . William poses as a knight himself and begins winning competition after competition . He also wins the heart of the lovely Jocelyn -LRB- Shannyn Sossaman -RRB- . As he falls further in love with her , it becomes more obvious that he is straining to keep his identity secret . He knows that if it gets out that he 's a mere peasant that the best punishment he could receive would be a trip to the stocks . Unfortunately for him , he does have an enemy who seeks to make William pay for being so good with both jousting and with Jocelyn ... This is a definitely a must-see movie . You 'll laugh ... you 'll cry . You 'll sing along to the incredible soundtrack . It 's definitely a very cool movie to see .
 A great movie - and lots of fun . The people who put the soundtrack together did an incredible job at bringing the romance of knights in shining armour into the modern age . It may not be necessarily believable , but who cares ? My whole family really enjoyed it , and I recommend the Soundtrack CD as well .
 I had never heard of any of the people in this movie , but saw it on cable , and loved it . So got the DVD . It 's a great mixture of 14th century environment mixed with 20th century music . It 's a great story to watch from beginning to end . The extra 's are really good , expecially the cut scene 's .
 This had the potential to be a great sleeper movie . However , they made a few decisions in the film that detracted fromthe overall appeal . Most noteably for me the music choices . David Bowie should not be in a medievil movie nor should Queen . Better music choices would have capped a this wonderful film .
 Well what i like most is when US people of this movie speak French ... The fun is that _ all _ nobles in this time spoke French , even the English nobles , because they were French coming from Normandie and all part of France joining to conquest England with Guillaume -LRB- William -RRB- le Bastard , Duc de Normandie
 A Knight 's Tale is one of the best movies I have ever seen ! I 'm also very picky when it comes to movie , but this one was perfect ! I 've seen it twice in the theaters and I REALLY ca n't wait untill it 's out on video . The movie was so funny ! I was practicly rolling on the floor ! It had every thing , comidy , romance , drama , action , but most of all , it had a plot . And a very good on at that ! The actors are also awsome ! They all added their own little flavor to the film . So I recomend that EVERYONE go and see it or buy it on video !
 Maybe not a magnificent movie , but certainly worth the money you 'll spend to see it in the theatres !! 1/2 the reason I saw this of COURSE is because of the undeniably hot Heath Ledger and boy is he as sexy as ever in this film ... Sorry I just HAD TO say that !! hehe Anyways on the the film the other reason I saw this is because it is a mideaval flick which I * Love * the Mideaval days the clothing the talking the castles and everything except all the corruption ... Anyways this film somehow get 's away with putting rock music in mideaval days it does it to perfection . I 've NEVER in my life seen such a mix Rock and mideaval stuff . Mideaval royals dancing to David Bowie , peasants clapping allong to Queens we will rock you , and more . This has a great tale about a man wanting to change what he is from a peasant to a knight . Which you can not be unless you are of Royal blood . But I think everyone one time or another wishes they could change their status . And William does . This is such a good movie and Heath adds his undeniable boyish charm to this movie and his sidekicks add loads of laughs !! This is a movie I would definetely like to see again . Though in the middle it drags just a teeny bit it picks up once again !! And the jousting matches are so cool !! To bad there is n't more side fighting !! Well I * HOPE * this was helpfull and I * HOPE * you like this wonderfull movie !! Not a masterpeice , but TOTALLY worthwhile seeing !! God Bless ~ Amy
 A pure `` I wish I were him '' movie , not much of a story , not much for plot twists , the characters are all characatures , but it does n't matter , the movie succeeds completely on its action sequences and its rocking sound track.How many times can we see a lance snap on armor ? Apparently a lot , because I never got tired of it . It 's pure fluff , but it 's fun fluff and I liked it .
 Heath Ledger really shows off his acting abilities in this movie , not to mention his EXTREMELY good looks . I loved this movie and is well worth the money to see it twice !
 This movie was wonderful , I ca n't wait to see it again ! It 's a mixture of modern music and symbolism and a medieval fairy tale . Potentially this could have been awful but they manage to pull it off beautifully . It 's a light hearted , very romantic , hilarious story that pulls you in and leaves you cheering when it 's all over . The absence of graphic violence and foul language are not missed , this movie is a perfect example that such things are not necessary in order to pull the audience into a story . Not only will you fall in love with the hero and heroine but the secondary characters as well . Bravo !
 Royalty and changing your destiny in the stars are the new worldof this knight 's tale . In the Marines they have a tradition of `` mustangs '' : men who get rank because their strength and courage deserve it.It is an old tradition of battle confirming the honor.The English used to have trial by champion ... We are , as Americans , very happy that peasant becomes a knightby being more Nobel than his royal foe .
 What happens when you cross a medieval story , with a few historical characters , and modern day rock songs ? Well , who knows what you 'll get everytime , but I do know that in this instance you are treated to the stylish , exciting , fun-loving action adventurer `` A Knight 's Tale '' . Featuring some of Hollywood 's hottest new talents , such as , Heath Ledger -LRB- `` The Patriot '' and `` The Order '' -RRB- , Paul Bettany -LRB- `` A Beautiful Mind '' and `` Firewall '' -RRB- , Shannyn Sossamon -LRB- `` The Order '' and `` Rules of Attraction '' -RRB- , and the always evil and engaging Rufus Sewell -LRB- `` Dark City '' and `` The Legend of Zorro '' -RRB- , this movie , though met with much skepticism due to its blending of things old and new , when handled by such an acclaimed director , Brian Helgeland -LRB- `` Payback '' -RRB- was guaranteed to at least be entertaining , if not a sure fire hit . `` A Knight 's Tale '' is the story of young William Thatcher -LRB- Heath Ledger -RRB- , a peasant squire who breaks a long-standing tradition when he passes himself off as a noble in order to joust . With the help of his friends , and a loud-mouthed announcer named Chaucer -LRB- Paul Bettany -RRB- , William is determined to prove to the world that you do n't have to come from nobility to achieve greatness . As he climbs the ranks of the jousting world , one man stands in William 's way of achieving his goal , that man is Count Adhemar -LRB- Rufus Sewell -RRB- . Not only is Count Adhemar the best jouster , and one that is determined to do whatever it takes to win , but he also has set his sights on William 's new girlfriend -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- . With the world on his shoulders , Williams must go head-to-head in a no-holds-barred joust with his arch-rival to see who will be the world champion jouster , and to prove to all , that any man can have what it takes to be a knight.The story of `` A Knight 's Tale '' may sound like a standard run of the mill action/adventure movie , except set in medieval times , but the well-written characters being fleshed out by the terrific actors brings the entire proceeding up to a much higher level . I must admit that the prospect of mixing modern day anthemic rock ballads with jousting did n't seem like a great fit , but I have to say I was pleasantly surprised and hearing Queen 's timeless classic ` We Will Rock You ' during a joust , makes you want to join in with the cheering crowds . The jousting scenes are truly exciting to watch , and the witty , hilarious introductions by Paul Bettany 's character Chaucer -LRB- supposedly the famous writer -RRB- are perfect lead-ins for getting both the crowd on film and the movie-going audience charged up and ready to go . All of these elements are pieced together perfectly by director Brian Helgeland , who balances his previous work on `` Payback '' with Mel Gibson , a film that was extremely dark and violent , with this more upbeat , family-oriented action/adventure . The film never lets up on the excitement level , though I do n't mean to make the movie sound like it 's one big action sequence , it has plenty of dramatic moments that propel the storyline , yet even in these quieter moments there is still a sense of drive and excitement for the audience and the characters to feed off of . Though the movie is unorthodox in its blending of time periods , it is still a movie that is a must-see ! `` A Knight 's Tale '' is rated PG-13 for violence , brief language , and sensuality .
 After reading some of the negative reviews on this site I felt compelled to state my thoughts about this film . This is not meant to be a serious historical account of the middle ages - it 's a quirky funny fairy tale ! Although , actually , many of the historical details are well researched and thought out . For example , there were female blacksmiths if they were widowed , and the architecture -LRB- with the exception of the London Eye which can be spotted in one of the London views ! -RRB- was generally about right . What I think this film is partly trying to do is to represent how cool jousting was at that time . It was THE sport and would have had fans and followers just as football etc does today . So why not use modern music to generate this atmosphere ? Period music would give it a dated feel and the point is that at the time it was n't ! As for the weird and wonderful costumes , they brilliantly represent how every parent must feel when they just do n't get what there kid is wearing - it must have happened in the 14th century too ! The same goes for the dancing.The acting is great - Mark Addy in particular has great comic timing , and the relationship between Watt and Chaucer provides some of the funniest moments.The DVD is also good and the extra features include a number of very funny deleted scenes and some interesting making of featurettes . There is also a full length commentary from Paul Bettany and Brian Helgelund which is amusing to listen to maybe once or twice.Anyway , that 's just what I think , but this really is one of my favourite films .
 I love this movie ! It is awesome . The DVD is the best . It has so much good stuff on it , it is really a pleasure to watch . It has the trailer , lots of good deleted scenes , and best of all , the commentary with Paul Bettany -LRB- Chaucer -RRB- and Brian Helgeland -LRB- Writer , Producer , and Director -RRB- . That commentary is absolutely hilarious ! Those guys are really funny . They are very tongue-in-cheek about their own movie . It really gives you a new understanding of the movie to listen to these guys bash it like they do . It really offsets all the negative reviews on this post . After all , if the producer is n't even taking the movie that seriously , why should anybody else?There are some great lines in the commentary . They explain to us what `` I will FONG you '' means . It is also hilarious to hear about `` Paul 's Pimp Jacket '' and the explanation behind his nakedness at the beginning . Plus all the other interesting information they give . It is really good.Now , about the EXTRA SCENE . This is so hilarious , I had to stop the movie and just laugh out loud for a while ! It was so funny , because it was totally unexpected . After you watch the commentary , let the movie keep playing . Let it go all the way past the credits . When it gets to the end of the credits , you will see an extra scene with the main actors sitting around . You also get to hear the classic line by Brian Helgeland , `` No one can ever say I 'm not an artist ! '' Man , it is so funny ! I do n't want to describe what happens here because it will ruin it . Just go watch it and you will see what I mean .
 Ordered this for myself and just love Heath Ledger in this wonderful movie with excellent music and great story plot .
 We have had this movie for quite awhile . Had it on VHS and just recently upgraded to the Dvd . We get a big kick out of the tournament - the crowd was acting like current day football fans - doing the wave , etc. . Too bad Heath Ledger is dead . We really liked him as an actor .
 I bought the movie for the dance scene and then discovered I liked the whole thing . Great story and something for everyone .
 What can I say ? Heath Ledger is phenomenal in this film ! my hubby has watched it so many times that i finally had to get him 1 of his own which he still watches every chance he gets .
 Jousting , sword play and hanging with friends.Heath Ledger and Shannyn Sossamon.Funny movie with great rock music . One to watch over and over .
 This is an absolutely great movie ! Why would I buy it otherwise . I love the way that they worked in modern music to the `` olden '' days as well . And of course - this is one of Heath 's finest works .
 I did n't know what I 'd be getting when I first saw this movie and I 'm still not sure I love the use of modern rock songs in it , but overall it 's very fun to watch , the action is great and it 's also surprisingly funny . Well worth owning .
 This movie brings the thrill of knights and jousting to life with a great Rock beat.Heath Ledger is great as the hero . This movie is very entertaining .
 I recently added this movie to my Blu-Ray collection . The audio is 5 stars . The video quality is 5 stars . No distracting black specs or blurry scenes . Worth upgrading from DVD .
 DVD was in excellent condition and quality upon arrival . DVD arrived in a very timely fashion .
 OK the bottom line is that this is a very very watchable movie . Enjoy every minute .
 This is a great little movie
 My son watched this and he wouldnt leave his brothers alone till they watched this He is 15
 A nice movie with a sweet ending . I love how the modern music is used in this movie . The whole thing was not what I thought it would be . Very good .
 This is a fun movie . I enjoyed it a lot , laughed at it , found it well filmed . Bettany and Purefoy steal the scenes they 're in and Ledger does fine work . I saw it in the theater and then again on DVD.Heath Ledger appears as the handsome leading man he is , with a strong sense of comedy , and is able to work the scenes well , which is good , because as a successful screenwriter -LRB- Brian Hedgeland -RRB- the scenes do n't hang together , are not seamless , are choppy , do n't fit either the scene before or the scene after , and on occasion leave you with that uncertain feeling of ` that does n't make sense . ` William Thatcher is given a chance by his commoner father to `` follow his star '' and become the Squire to a Knight of the Realm . Good stuff and not uncommon to that age . Could have used a little explanation . The age is about the 10th or 11th century so we 're in heady company here with Arthur , Modred , Excalibur , that whole Camelot charade , of course Chaucer , and the importance of the class system and nobility.Here 's where the script starts to slip . Some time should have been spent on why noble birth became an issue . Because that 's what happens at the end and why William gets -LRB- OK , sorry to do this -RRB- unseated.Secondly , Chaucer . This has got nothing to do with the Canterbury Tales . I took a course on them at Fordham College a thousand years ago . It should be noted in the opening credits as one of those movies with a quasi-disclaimer `` from an idea by . '' Here it would say `` from an idea , that we think , had he been alive today and really high , Geoffrey Chaucer might have kidded about . `` So then there 's Shannyn , with 2 n 's and a y ... no , I 've said enough.And Edward , the Black Prince of Wales -LRB- James Purefoy -RRB- who is brilliant in a small role , could have been given the words to explain to us why he could n't get a match -LRB- `` I coulda been somebody '' - Terry Malloy -RRB- and why he honors William at the end.All in all , as a comedy with a touch of evil , a teary reunion with Dad , a sexy interlude with Lady Jocelyn , and great special effects , it 's a fun , visually rewarding movie . No problems with the anachronisms and Freddy Mercury and Bowie aside , well placed and fun.And Paul Bettany 's impersonation of Michael Buffer is great . Still , it 's chopped up . 4 stars . Larry Scantlebury
 I love this movie with its story of the poor boy making it to the top despite all the odds of a lowly birth . There is a message to teenagers about how anyone can achieve a goal as long as -LRB- s -RRB- he has the desire and the right skills.The music did n't fit Chaucer 's time , of course , but it did carefully fit the plot . In fact , I bought the movie soundtrack right after I bought the movie . Both are excellent additions to my music and movie collections.I am glad to own both movie and its music .
 I never watch movies more than once , but thanks to my teen daughter this movie has been played in my home about five times since I saw it in the theater . I never `` find something else to do '' . I watch it straight through every time , and it gets better with age ! I find the silliness , funny references , rock soundtrack quirky and wonderful , and yet the romantic story remains compelling . Now I watch it just for the sheer fun of it .
 This movie is awesome . The action scenes are really believable , even though you know most of it is fake because otherwise someone -LRB- like Mr. Ledger here -RRB- would get hurt . The storyline is very interesting and the humor is hysterical . Mark Addy is the quintessential ` Roland ' , and the guy who plays ` Wat ' is absolutely hilarious . Shannyn Sossamon -LRB- who plays Jocelyn -RRB- was a new actress who had just hit the scene when she was asked to come in to read for this part . I 've seen her screen test with Heath and she was just as good , if not better in her screen test . This movie is definitely worth seeing and once you 've seen it , buy it -- it 's that good and is worth seeing more than once !!
 If you like medieval movies set in Camelot with Celtic music and the usual medieval costume garb DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE as there a TON of OTHER traditional movies you will enjoy . I personally L O V E D this movie because it DID break all those traditions . The blend of modern music with jousting and knights was like a breath of fresh air ! At the first opening scene I was SHOCKED and laughed histerically because it was hard for me to understand why they would combine modern elements to a specific place in time ; but as I continued to watch it I understood the ENERGY the movie was trying to capture . It is very different so traditionalists beware . I would definitely recommend this to those who have more of an `` open mind '' . The jousting scenes were incredible , the costumes were creative , location was beautiful , actors were very real . I think it was the girl 's first movie so she seemed a little stiff but other than that Heath Ledger and his group had great chemistry . Just a fun movie overall !
 I 'm a Highlander fan -- movies and series . Also , I love swordfighting and jousting , and I LOVE HAPPY ENDINGS ! This movie was a fairy tale fantasy about true merit , true love , and true friendship overcoming anything and everything ! To me , it was very enjoyable entertainment . It got me out to a movie for the first time since `` The Patriot '' . I definitely want the VHS -LRB- DVD -RRB- when available . Incidentally , `` Chaucer '' was delightful ! However , he did not speak in Middle English . I learned Middle English so I could read the Canterbury Tales in original form . For this film , Middle English was not necessary and not missed . The movie was fun to see and left me with a good feeling as I left the theatre . I wish more movies were like that ! -- Dr. Ruluff D. McIntyre , Sir Baron of the Baronial Order of Magna Charta
 This movie was a great blend of medevil and 20th century . I thought the music went great with the theme of the movie . I recommend this to anyone who has an open mind about movies . Those people who do n't like mixing times should n't see it , but I still think it 's great !!
 Starring Heath Ledger , Mark Addy , and the director ? the one and only Brian Helgeland ! Why didnt i give this movie a 5/5 stars ? Well , the action , romance , and comedy was all balanced , but one thing i dont think many people like about this movie , the language!thy , thou , etc.etc . u get wat i mean , that is wat people dont understand sometimes and they also use many complicated words from the Medieval Time , that is another hard thing to understand in that movie . ive said what the bad things are , now , to the good things!The lancing tournaments are just dazzling , and the comic relief is common , its just very well balanced ! And you would probably be on the floor laughing or even crying from listening to the comedy and watching the romance!o yeh , i forgot to tell u wat this movie is actually about :P . its basically about a young poor boy who becomes a knight , and soon meets the queen while fighting another knight , and u no the rest , just like the normal Medieval time stories , but if u dont know , too bad :p , dont want to spoil it for u :P !
 I loved it beyond all comparison . I 'm a large movie person , and I know my stuff . This movie was a mixture of hard action , romance , hot men , and a great soundtrack ! I think everyone should see this movie , and forget what the critics say . You know what you like . And I think you 'll definitly love this movie .
 OK , everybody ... I just read some of those reviews , one of which stating
 A knight 's Tale was a well thought out movie , with well written characters , and a good plot . Though some things were obvious it was a great movie . Heath Ledger is a great actor , and his co-actors were great , making the movie funny . I would recommend seeing this movie .
 This is a great movie , a great family movie or just go see it by yourself . This shows the movie producers that a PG-13 can be top of the line . Need more movies like `` A Knight 's Tale '' 5 Stars !!
 The movie was spectacular . It was romantic , dramatic , poignant , and absolutely hillarious at the same time . There was pleanty of action and beauty to keep the men happy , and romance and drama -LRB- along with total hottness -RRB- to keep the women happy . Also , the abundance of comedy could keep everyone smiling . Heath Ledger brings an ambience to the movie that makes it perfect . I hav n't yet encountered a movie that kept me so happy while viewing it , and so satisfied after I left . I would recommend this movie to anyone in search of THE movie of the year .
 I highly recommend buying this DVD . I took my son to see the movie today , and we both loved it greatly . The movie made me laugh out loud as well as cry . There is a very moving scene involving Heath Ledger 's character - William - and his father ; very touching . This one is definately a winner !
 We will never forget Heath Ledger . He absolutely shined in this movie as Willam Thatcher playing `` Sir Urlich Von Lichenstein of Gelderland '' as he sought to `` change his stars '' to become a nobleman in medieval Europe by jousting to rock music . This very unique movie has captured my heart forever . I will never forget how William -LRB- Heath -RRB- never gives up in jousting tournaments trying to win the heart of the noblewoman Jocelyn -LRB- Shannyn Sossamen -RRB- and how he overcomes his lower class status in British society to win . This movie does n't take itself too seriously , but is great fun to watch . The music is the cherry on top . R.I.P. Heath , you will be missed by alot of people who really cared about you . Paul Bettany also stands out as `` Chaucer '' , in this film . 1/24/08 .
 This is one movie you know you can watch again and again without getting stale . For it 's wonderful actors in comedic and believable jousting action scenes are truely priceless - a Knight 's Tale delivers the goods . I 've never seen a movie like this one in regards to it 's use of music . I like collecting Medieval & Dragon movies and this one goes well with DragonHeart and Dungeons and Dragons .
 I would say this movie is more of the old swashbuckler type . It 's got lots of great heavy hitting action . but I would say it has a little too much of it . It almost seems like it 's on repeat sometimes . But the action is great and if you want to watch a whole lot of it . I would say go for it ! I really did enjoy the movie ! It had a generally good story line . A little predictable , but well covered . At times I think the characters were hard to believe in , and the modern intrusions -LRB- Like some of the costumes and a lot of the music -RRB- could be annoying to some people . But I think most everybody should like this , and probably most people will really like it !
 WOW !!! What a great movie . Kinda `` quirky '' , but after watching it 6 times in one short week , all I can say is `` WOW '' !! And , James Purefoy , wow , wow , WOW . Where has this guy been hiding out !! Cant wait to see him in something else .
 Packing a big punch.Must see for the jousting alone ... but you WILL be entertained.Fast Funny , SMART and without a doubt orginal.Who knew Chaucer was such a card ?
 I have -LRB- -LRB- NEVER -RRB- -RRB- watched a movie six times before this one . This may not be one of the best theatrical scripts ever written , but the meaning that this movie portrays is the best I have ever sean . The music choices are great . This movie is right up-there with `` Somewhere In Time '' by Universal .
 A knight 's tale was an exciting , movie from the medival times.I liked this movie because it was n't just about the jousting or the girl it was a good mixture of both . It was n't boring to watch . You were fixed on the screen and what would happen next and if they would find out he was n't of noble birth . It had my heart racing at the end . His co-stars were a very funny group especially the guy with the red hair ! The sound is amazing . When he races it is kind of in slow motion and all you can hear is the sound of his armor clinging and clanging and the horse snorting.I thought it was a great movie and everyone who likes a cute guy or medival sports should watch this movie .
 Stop analyzing this film and enjoy it for what it is , cotton candy for the brain.The extras on the DVD are fun , and the sound is excellent . You can really hear the lances hit .
 A Knight 's Tale is a wonderful movie . I highly recommend it to anyone ! Heath Ledger is a terrific actor , not to mention he looks really really really good .
 For any of you die hard romantics out there , anyone who enjoys Fantasy and Romantic Comedy -LRB- much the same thing -RRB- . I highly recommend this movie . Manages to be outrageous while still maintaining its dignity -LRB- stays mostly on the high road -RRB- , mostly thanks to exceptional casting , direction and high production values . Three exceptionally good looking -LRB- potentially attractive -RRB- women , a good looking guy and some engaging sidekicks . The computer aided scenes are above average also , blend in well . . thanks to the director or producer who did an outstanding job with this one . Avoids the type of moronic/sophmoric humor that is so common nowadays.Yep , guy sets out to realize his dream , suffers through the slings and arrows , wins the maiden fair . . and leaves the villain in the dirt . What more could you want in an escapist fantasy , feel good movie?Charles
 After walking out of the vapid Mummy Returns , we walked in mid-way through A Knight 's Tale . It was so off beat that we returned the next night to see the entire movie -- and loved it . The music , Heath Ledger and the supporting cast are outstanding . If you want to see a movie that makes you care about the characters , laugh and enjoy the music and ending -- see this one .
 A KNIGHTS TALE is the best movie I have seen in a long time . It has great music , great action scenes , great charcters and its very funny ! And for the ladies there is a very cute guy ! So I say you should go see this movie as soon as possible !
 THIS MOVIE WAS TOTALLY AWESOME ! I enjoyed every bit of it . The adding of a rock soundtrack to a medival movie was ingenious . At first I expected this movie to be a little soppy , with not much action and no laughter whatsoever . I was proved wrong , though , and laughed throughout the entire movie , and was kept on the edge of my seat by the action scenes ! I love how he would not give up and run at the end . I hope to own this movie sometime in the near future ! : -RRB-
 The second I found out about this movie , I immediately wanted to see it just because of the main character ! But after I saw it , I realized I enjoyed beyond the EXTREMELY hot knight . This movie is hilarious , but it is also a wonderful and touching story . You 'll get action , romance , adventure , and comedy all rolled into one great movie . Plus , I thought it was so cool how the soundtrack was full of old rock music from Queen and David Bowie . It 's definetly worth your money . It 's even worth it to see it twice !
 My 78 year old father who has quite the gentle , romantic side but is also a WWII paratrooper absolutely raves about this movie to anyone who will listen . It 's filled with danger , chivalry , romance , sacrifice , loyalty against all odds , and much good vs. bad/knights - in-shining-armor action . Highly enjoyable story of a small town boy overcomming the odds with courage , integrity , a never-say-die spirit , and the help of some very loyal friends .
 This is a comedic tale of how true nobility is determined by character not bloodline . It is a story that appeals to all ages . My parents in their early 70 's , my nephews and neices ranging in ages between 7 - 28 , and my siblings and myself ranging in ages between 38 - 48 all enjoyed it from start to finish . Most people I know who have seen the movie go out of there way to see it more than once .
 Took my daughter to see this film not knowing what to expect . I thought this film was very tongue in cheek . It was funny and entertaining . I found my feet tapping at the music and the jousting scenes were excellent . The costumes and the music may not be as periodically authentic as they could be but that does n't matter because the film is such fun to watch.As William Thatcher I thought Heath Ledger and Rufus Sewell as the baddie were both very good . I would recommend this film .
 but certainly it is one of the most enthralling and entertaining films of the year ! It is perfectly and humourously scripted and divinely portrayed by the lovely Heath Ledger , who seemed made for the chrismatic and cool character of William.It avoids the trap of the intense period film seen which are brought to us in the bucket loads , and offers a fresh new and innovative take , with its extremely modern and somewhat saucy costumes . But then , if you are starring Heath , a little sauciness is in order . . Additionally , the intergration of modern music is superb , helping to create what is an extremely funny , interesting and lovely piece , which innovatively captures an old story in a 14th century setting with humour , wit and Queen .
 I really enjoyed this film after watching it several times . It just really grew on me ... I was n't entirely sure that I would like it and I really had no idea what to expect , however I was glad for the nice little surprise . I have purchased the dvd and was also happy to see all the `` extras '' added to it . I went to see it primarily because of Heath Ledger -LRB- of course -RRB- , but was equally delighted with the glorious scene-stealing Paul Bettany -LRB- Chaucer -RRB- . I ended up having as much fun -LRB- or more -RRB- watching Bettany than my original focus intended . Also , it took me a while to get to accustomed to it , but I did like the tongue-in-cheek quality of the rock-anthem music . Hmmmm , all in all , a fun little romp of a flick , which I think gets better on repeated viewings .
 `` Thumbs Up ! `` Tired of boredom ? Head off to see A Knight 's Tale for historic adventure fun . I just love the battle sequences . Sure , some of the acting was different and some of the scenes in the film , do n't quite fit - but the film is great fun . One thing that surprised me about this film was that it had modern day music , which I guess is okay , just not usual . But who wants usual ? This film is all around fun .
 I really enjoyed `` A Knight 's Tale '' I like medievel themed movies so I had to check it out . It was very good and very entertaing by far one of the best adventures I have seen in a long time .
 I saw this movie it was the best movie ever . I like movies that have action and romance . You should see it it 's worth your money . I ca n't to wait own on DVD
 What a blast ! Never be mentioned in the same breath as Casablanca or Citizen Kane ; probably no Academy mention . But so entertaining ! Yes the plot is predictable , but so well played out you WILL be on the edge of your seat
 A knights tale was a very very entertaining movie , it was cheesy , but was very very fun , the directing was not great and teh acting was not great , but the premise was soo much fun you overlook those facts . I know girls would love it , seeing as my girlfriend did , and for the guys out there , take your girlfriend out to see this , its well worth your money and time enjoy .
 I went to see this movie primarily b/c of it 's lead charater after becoming an avid fan from watching `` 10 things ... '' and `` the patriot '' . This movie is definitely different . I was expecting a medieval love story of glory and `` changing of one 's stars '' , instead i saw a adorable comedy thrown in w / a story of courage , love won , and family found . I loved geoffrey chaucer and wat !! their personalities brought tears to my eyes from laughing !! And the gorgeous heath ledger also brought me to tears in his reunion w / his father !! so i laughed and i cried , what more could you ask for ??
 fantastic movie , you 'll love it , mixing new world music with old world settings works very well .
 After watching this movie -LRB- which I saw 3 times -RRB- , I left the theatre each time feeling as if I could conquer the world ! The incredible sound track only adds to the positive feeling . If you 're down and need a `` pick me up , '' here it is .
 When I first went to see this movie , A Knights Tale , I thought it was going to be another one of those boring knight movies . I thought wrong . It kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time . The way that they mixed the music in was amazing . It has an awesome soundtrack that totally reflects upon the movie . The fighting sequences are some of the best I have ever seen . I strongly recommend this movie to anyone who likes the medieval time period and most other people will like it too .
 I thought this movie was the best , action packed , romance and comedy . I saw it only once but i cant wait until the movie comes out . It is the movie of the year . Heath Ledger is an awsome actor and makes the movie great if he werent in it there , there would be no movie . I want everyone to see it , you wont be disappointed .
 A Knight 's Tale is a wonderful story about a young man who does n't simply accept life for what it is - he takes it by the horns and makes his life what he WANTS it to be ! This is an aspiring tale of courage , strength , love and bravery . I 've seen it 4 times , and I 'd go back 4 more ! Definitely a great movie for all ages .
 If you are looking for a good date movie whether you are a gal or a guy this is it . For the men , this movie employs lots of action . For the women , there is much eye candy to feast on . And of course , there is some awesome music to watch this film to . I feel it sets this movie apart from other historical films of the same manner . So if you are lookin ' for a film for all to enjoy , this is the one to see .
 OMG ! I loved this movie . And not just b/c Heath Ledger was in it . The movie was awesome . It was really funny , and a lot better than I expected it to be . The paper gave it harsh reviews , but when i went and saw it - i just figured out that the reviewers do n't like those kind of movies . Either way , the movie was great - and if you have n't seen it - you should . And it was okay on ratings and all -- despite seeing a man 's butt cheeks twice in the movie .
 I gave this movie 4 stars because I found they streched the storyline a little too much but the guy in it was cute so this movie is awsome !!
 Although not an Oscar level film , this is a fun movie and is worth adding to your collection . It starts of fun and keeps getting better as the movie continues . Heath Ledger gives a good performance , and Rufus Sewell is the knight you 'll love to hate . Everyone in the supporting cast does a superb job as well , and they were really a good match for each other . `` A Knight 's Tale '' has a great soundtrack -LRB- that 's more than a little out of time -RRB- and spectacular jousting matches , but also is a wonderful story . The movie really has it all
 But was it campy fun ? Absolutely . To all the nay-sayers complaining about the historical inaccuracies , such as the soundtrack -- this is n't Braveheart ! It 's fiction ! And so what if the rags-to-riches story has been done . There are only so many plots that can be done in a movie , and they 've pretty much all been done before . And as for the ending where he manages to win despite being run through the arm , show me a movie where the hero has n't defeated the bad guy despite facing insurmountable odds , and I 'll show you a box office dud.Now , having said that , I have to say I loved this movie . I was a little taken aback at the outfits that Jocelyn wore , but they went right along with the music . It was a fun movie . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because I did n't really care for the heroine . Frankly , I 'd have preferred it if William hooked up with the blacksmithess instead of Jocelyn , but oh well . But the rest of it was great . I loved the friction between Wat and Chaucer -- those were some of the best scenes in the movie.I saw this on cable , but after seeing what another reviewer wrote about the deleted scenes , I 'm going to rent the DVD .
 So I had the chance to see two movies last Friday -- the Mummy Returns and A Knight 's Tale . I chose the latter because I love watching movies set in that time period along with those set in the Renaissance and Regency periods , too , and lem me tell ya ' , i did not leave the theater disappointed . It started out a little slow with the scene where William and his two friends are poking at a dead knight , but soon the audience was humorously greeted by the idle and stark naked wanderings of Geoffery Chaucer -LRB- suitably portrayed by Paul Bettany -RRB- , who claims to be a writer . And a few scenes later in the movie , his claims were rightly justified as he spurted out an invigorating , impassioned , and slightly exaggerated speech -LRB- exaggerated in content , not quality -RRB- when announcing William -LRB- Heath Ledger -RRB- or rather Sir Ulrich von Liechenstein to the segregated crowd of aristocrats and paupers . They could not have picked a better person to play the part of poet/orator Geoffery Chaucer . He was entertaining and captivating to watch in a way that only the British accent could make possible.Coming into the theater , I had the expectation that the movie would start out with a young Heath Ledger , as one would automatically assume from previews . But as the first scene open , i saw Heath Ledger with a scraggly beard and long dirty blond hair , almost resembling the image Mel Gibson had presented in the phenomenal film `` Braveheart '' , and i thought perhaps that they were showing an older , aged Heath , who , after years and years of distinguished fighting , was now a legend . Of course my assumption was wrong , for Ledger was only a twenty-something young man with an overgrown beard . And then i thought to myself , well if he 's already a grown man at the beginning of the film -LRB- not the 8-yr old boy i expected him to be -RRB- and if he 's already doing a fight scene in the first fifteen minutes of it , then wat kind of intensified episodes will they be able to pull off when building up to the climax of the film -LRB- and with 2 more hours to go -RRB- ? the answer to that question was
 * NOTE
 With its up mood and easy story telling , this certainly is a movie for all times if you would like to spend some quality time and have fun .
 You have to admire the bold twist director Brian Helgeland adds to this often meandering tale of the emergence of a new knight , Sir William Thatcher . Using rock songs from the eighties was risky enough , but the fact that they work so well is amazing
 This film is the best and i have seen it many times . All the characters play excellent parts and it has a excellent setting . My favourite actor/actress in this film is Heath Ledger because is not only is he mighty fine he is an awsome actor and person . He actually looks like he loves the lady . Nobody gives him the credit he deserves . I think that the plot of a thatchers son ` changing his stars ' and becoming a knight is fabulous . As yet i have not had a chance to buy the DVD but i have it on video and reguarly watch it .
 I -- as a teenager girl went to see this movie in theatres ... for one reason ... heath ledger ... :-RRB- I was expecting a bad movie , just some easy entertainment . I was suprised . The movie was actually well put together , regarding story lines , script and whatnot . The only too problems are a few cheesy scenes ... which most movies have , so that can be overlooked , and the fact that this is set back in the time of knights , and jousting ------ and ... it is set to 80 's rock music . That kinda turns off the serious and noble mood of the movie . I would still recommened seeing it on a night out , its worth it .
 For a pure magical movie experience A Knight 's Tale is not only a must see it is a must own . Yes , the plot is thin , the costumes are non historical , the music unconventional to the era , and I am sure the `` Modern Knights '' who reenact jousts are moaning loudly -LRB- especially during the London tournament scene -RRB- . However , the casting was a stroke of genius . Every character plays beautifully off the other . The dialog a symphony of words with no sour notes!Although smattered with unrealistic scenarios the storylines ' saving grace is its refreshing morality . A Knight 's Tale replaces gratuitous sex with romantic love , gruesome violence with glory and honor , obscenities with wit and humor . It 's a tale of good over evil , of knightly comradery , of believing in yourself against all odds ; knowing you can `` change your stars . ''
 Imagine ... . it is the 1370s , and jousting is the most popular sport around . The knights are making their way onto the field , riding high on top of their steeds , looking at the arena full of people , both peasants and royalty , singing and clapping their hands to Queen 's `` We Will Rock You . `` Say what ?????????? For most people , they will either love or hate this movie based on the first ten minutes , which contains the aformentioned rock anthem . If you do decide to brave this weirdness , you will be treated to a movie that is much better than the burning that many critics gave it.Heath Ledger stars as William Thatcher , a peasant whose dreams are much , much bigger than he is . But Williams wo n't let that stop him . The first chance he gets , he impersonates a knight by pretending that he is descended from royalty . Since peasants are not allowed to joust , he must continue his act no matter what . Even if that means lying to the one he loves.The casting of this movie was brillant , but none more so than casting Paul Bettany as Geoffrey Chaucer -LRB- see one of the extras on the history behind bringing this real life writer into the movie as one of the characters -RRB- . Shannyn Sossamon , making her acting debut as Jocelyn , the object of Thatcher 's love , makes her presence known with every move , word , and stare . You will quickly see why Thatcher is in love with her.This is not a movie that you can see once and pretend to understand . I had to watch it three times before I could completely appreciate what the movie is about and what it is saying . Do n't let your first impression keep you from watching what is one of the best movies ever .
 A KNIGHT 'S TALE is a light-hearted , romantic comedy set in the mid-14th century and centered around the sport of jousting.Heath Ledger plays one of three servants of a knight who has the misfortune to fall from his horse and die immediately before his scheduled appearance in a tournament . Since his servants do n't eat if their man does n't compete and win , they find themselves up against it . Ledger , as Will Thatcher , has the daring idea of donning his dead master 's armor and competing under his identity . As luck would have it , he wins . Afterwards , he convinces his buddies , Roland and Wat -LRB- Mark Addy and Alan Tudyk -RRB- , to invest the prize money -LRB- 15 silver pieces -RRB- into the equipment needed to prepare and train for the next tournament , then the next . The ultimate goal is the World Championship of Jousting to be held in London.As Will trains in the forest away from prying eyes , he and his two pals provide slapstick comedy reminiscent of the Three Stooges . However , Thatcher perseveres . Finally , the only problem left is to acquire knighthood , since jousting is reserved for the nobility . Our boys soon encounter a naked man walking down the road , who turns out to be the young writer Geoffrey Chaucer -LRB- Paul Bettany -RRB- , fleeced of all his possessions by a gambling loss . In exchange for clothes and food , Chaucer forges the appropriate documents that give Will an impressive upper class lineage as Sir Ulrich of Liechtenstein , and afterwards serves as Ulrich 's herald.All characters in this delightful film are attractive and well-played , even that of Count Adhemar -LRB- Rufus Sewell -RRB- , the treacherous -LRB- but extremely capable -RRB- fighter who is Will 's greatest obstacle to the Big Prize Money . And , since every gallant knight needs a Babe to provide some silky underthing as a token to fight under , we have Shannyn Sossamon as Lady Jocelyn . Sossaman has strong-featured good looks that are sometime spoiled , in my opinion , by coiffures that might be considered bizarre in this day and age , much less the Middle Ages . And Jocelyn 's costuming is occasionally tongue-in-cheek humorous . At one point , she wears a hat that brings to mind Audrey Hepburn 's Holly Golightly persona in BREAKFAST AT TIFFANY 'S . -LRB- My wife , whose one-time hobby was making medieval costumes , chortled at the incongruity of some of Jocelyn 's outfits . -RRB- Another character that attaches to Sir Ulrich 's entourage is the blacksmithess Kate -LRB- Laura Fraser -RRB- . Young and very pretty , one would have expected Kate to provide a love interest for somebody , but disappointingly never does . She serves principally as a foil for the boy-will-be-boys shenanigans of her traveling companions.One of the more quirky elements of A KNIGHT 'S TALE is the contemporary classic rock soundtrack . When a disguised Will enters the arena to compete for the first time , the spectators belt out a rendition of `` We Will Rock You '' . Later , as the World Championship contestants ride into London , the crowd sings `` The Boys Are Back In Town '' . While seeming absurd at first , it grows on you.I recommend this film as excellent family fare for an afternoon or evening of laughter in front of the castle 's wide-screen , HD TV .
 This was the first movie I ever saw Heath Ledger in and could n't wait to see more of him in the years to follow . You just knew there was so much talent there . This is a very well written movie , fun to watch and very entertaining , I love how they added modern music into those earlier days.So sorry he is gone .
 Yes , it 's really strange that Heath is gone - such a talent and his best work was ahead of him . In A Knights Tale some of his talent will remain for people to see infinitely.First off , this is n't one of the better looking bluray transfers . Part of the reason is because it 's not exactly a `` new '' movie . Do n't get me wrong , it looks good . It 's bluray . I 'm just saying it does n't hold up when compared to a newer bluray movie.It 's a great comedy that modernizes one of the old English Canterburry Tales . There were several of these short stories compiled into one . This is just one of those tales . It 's a great flick with talent pouring out over the sides . There are some recognizable faces throughout . It 's just one of those good heartfelt movies that makes your heart swell . A great family movie . It holds up with the whole `` I laughed , I cried '' banner . It 's got everything.Now , to talk about the dissapointment
 Everyone loves good music , and everyone has talked about the great music so we 'll let that lie there . I own the soundtrack , so there 's that endorsement.But wrapped up in this great bundle , thoust doth find a movie . And , pray you , lend me a sypathetic ear , a wonderfully revived cliche of a movie . Boy sees girl , boy works hard , boy ... if you knowst the cliche , I 'll not ruin it for thee.The acting was excellent , especially newcomer Shannyn Sossamon . She burnt up the screen , even in those garishly extravagant costumes that I found difficult to believe . Great two way movie ; watch it with the guys for the action or with your girl and get credit for a love story .
 I thought this movie would be some mindless teen flick set to rock music.Was I WRONG!This movie is pure fun ! The cast is great and does a wonderful job throughout the movie . The pace of the film is a smooth ride and the story is tightly woven and propelled by a great selection of music from the 1970 's . This film is funny and , surprisingly , shows real heart and soul in the telling of the life of a peasant boy who seeks to `` change his stars '' and become someone by overturning the rules of a classist society.The DVD is chock-a-block full of features you 'll actually want to explore.VERY highly recommended . Do n't miss out on this thoroughly enjoyable movie !
 You 'll hear a hundred complaints about different historical flaws throughout this movie . Let me point out
 The vision of a remarkably authentic looking 14th c. tournament audience chanting and clapping to Queen lets you know right off this is * not * a serious historical film but a fantasy set in a land-of-fable fourteenth century complete with punk dressing lady-fairs , disco dancing at banquets and jousting fans who paint their faces with the armorial devices of their favorite champions and do the wave . Geoffrey Chaucer must be spinning in his fancy , Westminster Abbey sarcophagus - or maybe not , his Canterbury tales are n't exactly noted for historical accuracy or logical consistancy either . This movie is eye candy for the ladies
 I saw this film in the theater and loved it so was naturally pre-disposed to liking it when I took the DVD home . However , if you were someone who only partially liked it buy it anyway as the sound is awesome ! It 's straight Dolby Digital -LRB- no DTS option -RRB- but the horses hooves , the snorting nostrils and the sound of the armor is amazing . They took great care with the sound on this disc and it shows . The aforementioned rock soundtrack was obvioulsy digitally re-mastered and unlike a lot of discs with rock tracks , they make very little use of the center channel on this one for the music and leave most of the music in the fronts and rears . Awesome looking disc , awesome sounding disc . At that point , I would n't care whether the movie was any good or not , just a bonus that the movie itself is a lot of fun !
 So I had the chance to see two movies last Friday -- the Mummy Returns and A Knight 's Tale . I chose the latter because I love watching movies set in that time period along with those set in the Renaissance and Regency periods , too , and lem me tell ya ' , i did not leave the theater disappointed . It started out a little slow with the scene where William and his two friends are poking at a dead knight , but soon the audience was humorously greeted by the idle and stark naked wanderings of Geoffery Chaucer -LRB- suitably portrayed by Paul Bettany -RRB- , who claims to be a writer . And a few scenes later in the movie , his claims were rightly justified as he spurted out an invigorating , impassioned , and slightly exaggerated speech -LRB- exaggerated in content , not quality -RRB- when announcing William -LRB- Heath Ledger -RRB- or rather Sir Orich von Liechenstein to the segregated crowd of aristocrats and paupers . They could not have picked a better person to play the part of poet/orator Geoffery Chaucer . He was entertaining and captivating to watch in a way that only the British accent could make possible.Coming into the theater , i had the expectation that the movie would start out with a young Heath Ledger , as one would automatically assume from previews . But as the first scene opened , i saw Heath Ledger with a scraggly beard and long dirty blond hair , immediately reminding me of the image Mel Gibson had presented in the phenomenal film `` Braveheart '' , and i thought perhaps that they were showing an older , aged Heath , who , after years and years of distinguished fighting , was now a noble legend . Of course my assumption was wrong , for Ledger was only a twenty-something young man with an overgrown bread . And then i thought to myself , well if he 's already a grown man at the beginning of the film -LRB- not the 8-yr old boy i expected him to be -RRB- and if he 's already doing a fight scene in the first fifteen minutes of it , then wat kind of intensified episodes will they be able to pull off when building up to the climax of the film -LRB- and with 2 more hours to go -RRB- ? the answer to that question was
 Mixing in a rock and roll soundtrack with a tale about the medieval sport of jousting may sound like a recipe for disaster , but A Knight 's Tale manages to beat the odds and provide us with some tasty entertainment . Purists may argue that it grossly distorts history . There 's really no argument because it does . The truth is that the movies have always done this . With few exceptions , historical epics have never reflected the values of the times they were set in . They 've reflected modern values . As for the music they use , sweeping orchestral scores may feel more appropriate , but for any movie set more than four hundred years ago , these are almost as anachronistic as rock and roll . One could even argue that rock music is more in attuned to the bawdy tavern songs of the 14th Century , when A Knight 's Tale takes place , than is classical fare.William , Roland and Wat -LSB- Heath Ledger , Mark Addy and Alan Tudyk -RSB- are three peasants in service to an old knight who competes in jousts , which were popular games in England and France in the Middle Ages . Two knights in armor would charge each other on horseback and try knock each other to the ground with their lances . This was a dangerous game , but it was not a blood sport . Everyone was welcome to witness these events , but only noblemen could compete.One morning , William and the others discover that their knight has died in his sleep . They can either let William take the knight 's place in the game and try to fool the lords or they can starve to death . They chose the deception , and William wins the joust . Heady with victory , they begin to practice in earnest . The problem remains that William is not a knight , but in their travels they meet up with Chaucer -LSB- Paul Bettany -RSB- , who later would become a very famous writer . Chaucer expertly forges papers that say William is royalty and then joins the trio as they travel around to various tournaments . Along the way , William falls for a beautiful noblewoman -LSB- Shannyn Sossaman -RSB- . He also makes an enemy of the evil Count Adhemer -LSB- Rufus Sewell -RSB- , who vows revenge at any costThe movie is an odd mixture of comedy , adventure , period history and parody , but it works . An early tournament starts out seriously , but then the crowd breaks out into The Wave . We see spectators with their faces painted as if they were pro football fanatics . A lovely female armorer , who would n't have existed back then , makes a new metal suit for our hero and engraves it with her trademark , which just happens to be the Nike logo . When William first dances with his lady love , rock music suddenly breaks out , and it looks like these long ago revelers are at a disco . If there is a fault with all this , it is that there is n't quite enough of it . Towards the end , the movie tends to become a more standard adventure , as if its makers were a bit uncertain of their own creation.Heath Ledger is fine as William . This young Australian has a bright future in movies . In some scenes he looks eerily like Errol Flynn . Rufus Sewell is a lot of fun as the pompous villain . It is Paul Bettany 's Chaucer , however , who virtually steals the movie.I suspect director Brian Helgeland succeeded partly because he is blithely ignorant of many aspects of history . In an interview he said he thought kids in 14th Century had music that was not their parents ' music just like kids today . That simply is n't true . Ironically , much of the rock music used in A Knight 's Tale , such as Rock On and Golden Years , is the music of today 's kids ' parents . Fortunately for Helgeland , his limited view of history is irrelevant because the movie works . It is n't history . It 's entertainment .
 I knew that this movie was full of anachronisms before I saw it , but the beginning shot of a medieval audience singing `` We Are the Champions '' almost made me turn it off . How in the world the pages were using their trumpets to make electric guitar rifts I 'll never know.But it gets better after that ... really . The soundtrack of popular 70 's tunes takes a little getting used to , but they work out fairly well as the lead character -LRB- Heath Ledger -RRB- trains to rise from a lowly squire to a knight . It reminds me of the old kung fu movies where the hero trains in the forest with cut-rate equipment and returns to challenge his enemies.The sets and armor are n't flashy , but they pulled out all the stops with the jousting . If anything , it 's worth seeing just for that.The characters that travel with Heath Ledger are very likeable . Geoffry Chaucer , of Canterbury Tales fame , is portrayed as a gangly poet with a gambling problem that serves as the group 's herald.Like all fairy tales , this one has a happy ending . The bad guy loses , the good guy overcomes his past and gets the girl . If you can take your medieval battles with a grain of salt , this one is fun and certainly worth watching .
 I enjoyed this movie very much . It is sometimes silly but very entertaining to watch . The music is a hoot ! You have to laugh at the musical choices for this medieval movie ! And oh boy , is Heath Ledge a vision to behold . What a beautiful face ! This movie is long but worth the 2 hours and 20 minutes . You will leave feeling you got your money 's worth ! The supporting actors are hilarious !
 This is my favorite Heath Ledger movie he ever did . It is similar to a standard fantasy tale involving a boy growing up poor , and dreaming big -- until they turn things on their head every now and then -LRB- but not in a Mel Brooks sort of way -RRB- . For instance , having the herald leading the crowd at the joust in a rousing rendition of Queen 's `` We Will Rock You '' was just inspired genius . They do n't break the fantasy illusion too much , and they do n't break the 4th wall -LRB- as Mel Brooks likes to do -RRB- , they just sprinkle in a bit of surreal every now and then , to keep you surprised.The basic story is based loosely on `` The Canterbury Tales , '' and `` the story of Ulrich von Lichtenstein '' -LRB- according to IMDB -RRB- . In it , William -LRB- Heath -RRB- , a poor thatcher 's son whose father sacrificed as much as he could to get his son apprenticed to a knight as a squire , in the hopes that the boy could rise above the station he was born into and `` change his stars . '' William , unfortunately faces the death of his knight in the middle of a tournament , which means the end of his days pursuing higher station , respect , money and glory . He decides to impersonate his dead master at the first event -- and he wins . He then convinces his friends to help him continue to compete . To do so , he creates a false identity for subsequent events -LRB- to prove he is a noble , since only nobles are allowed to compete -RRB- , with the help of the charming -LRB- and often nude due to literally losing everything gambling -RRB- Chaucer , played by Paul Bettany -LRB- yes , THAT Chaucer is implied who he is -RRB- . With the help of his female friend who wants to be taken as a serious blacksmith -LRB- Laura Fraser as Kate -RRB- and his fellow squires who are in on the deal , Roland -LRB- Mark Addy -RRB- and Wat -LRB- Alan Tudyk -RRB- , they end up going on a grand adventure.Rufus Sewell plays a delicious bad guy by the name of Count Adhemar whom we love to hate , and Shannyn Sossamon plays a believable love interest for William named Jocelyn . Her interactions with Wat are comedy gold , as well . Spawning such famous lines as , `` it 's called a lance , hellooooo '' and , `` betray us , and I will fong you , until your insides are out , your outsides are in , your entrails will become your entrails I will w-rip ... all the p. . . ung . Pain , lots of pain . '' -LRB- quotes from IMDB -RRB- The ending is poignant and moving with the Black Prince Edward helping to set the stage for the final showdown between William and Count Adhemar . Watch it . You 'll like it if you like good movies .
 Great movie ! My sixteen yr old loves this movie and had to have it . This type of movie enlightens a young to believe a dream can come true . 16yr Granddaughter loved the adventure , loves the actor , the romance and comedy .
 ordered it - got it - came on time . No issues . Great movie needed to be seen and heard on Big Blu . Fantastic show worth seeing again in Hi - Def .
 I love the music they choose for this movie , and the costumes are awesome . The whole storyline is great . You feel like yelling along with the crowd .
 I LOVE to laugh ! I LOVE this movie ! It combines modern comedy with a medieval storyline . This film is full of good laughs , exiciting action and a dash of romance , the perfect recipe for a wonderful picture.William Thatcher -LRB- Heath Ledger -RRB- has always wanted to be a knight . When his liege , Sir Ector , dies in the middle of a joust , William must take his place in order to feed his fellow squires , Roland -LRB- Mark Addy -RRB- and Wat -LRB- Alan Tudyk -RRB- . From that victory the trio decides to continue to compete in tornaments , although Willaim is not a nobleman . Under the name Sir Ulrich , Willaim and his squires travel all over Europe , jousting . On their journies they pick up Geoffry Chancer -LRB- Paul Bettany -RRB- who acts as their herald and Kate -LRB- Laura Fraser -RRB- a female blacksmith . As a group , these characters interact wonderfully ! Their anicts are hilarious . My favorite characters are Wat , Chancer and Kate . Funny , funny , funny !!! Willaim sets his sights high with the desire to beat the delightfully evil villain Count Adamar -LRB- Refus Sewell -RRB- at the sport of jousting as well as the sport of love . Lady Jocelyn -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- is William 's beautiful love interest . She is no quiet , demure noblewoman . She is an outspoken girl with her own ideas of what love means and she is out to give William a run for his money.This movie is very funny . It will make you laugh and go , awwwww , and , depending on how emotional you are , it may even make you cry . The jokes are fresh and the soundtrack is awesome , filled with rock songs from the 70 's such as , Queen 's `` We Will Rock You '' , War 's `` Low Rider '' and David Bowie 's `` Golden Years '' . I highly recommend this movie . The acting is superb , the costumes and scenes are wonderfully put together and it is a barrel of laughs . Its definately a new spin on chivalry that will leave your sides aching !
 Here is my disclaimer - DO N'T TAKE THIS MOVIE SERIOUSLY . I have to admit , when I first saw A Knight 's Tale , at first I was a bit put off by the glaring historical inaccuracies and rock music . That is I was until I saw the scene where the herald , Geoffrey Chaucer -LRB- Paul Bettany -RRB- , is getting the crowd fired up prior to a match and it all made perfect sense - Jousting as PRO WRESTLING ! What the director and writers have done is a satire , putting the features and passion of pro wrestling -LRB- and other fan favorite sports like football -RRB- into a medieval setting.Not to completely rehash the plot , the story is a basic , Horatio Alger rags to riches story . William -LRB- Hugh Ledger -RRB- is a commoner serving as page for Sir Hector , an aging knight who dies of a heart attack during the course of a tournament . Out of funds , William dons Sir Hector 's armor and finishes the tournament . This victory inspires William to try to make a living impersonating a knight . He convinces Sir Hector 's other pages , Roland -LRB- Mark Addy -RRB- and Wat -LRB- Alan Tudyk -RRB- , to join him and with practice , they become successful on the `` Jousting circuit '' with William creation , `` Sir Ulrich von Lichtenstein . '' Along the way , William defeats the heavy , Count Adhemar -LRB- Rufus Sewell -RRB- , gets the girl -LRB- Jocelyn - played by Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- , and wins the Jousting Championship.The dialogue is average -LRB- although Bellamy shines in the role of the herald -RRB- and the directing is adequate -LRB- I did like the shots of the jousting -RRB- but the real fun in this film is the satire and the music . The musical selection , such as `` Golden Years '' by David Bowie for the dancing scene or the choice of `` The Boys are Back in Town '' by -LRB- Irish -RRB- band `` Thin Lizzy '' for the return to London scene really capture the spirit of the action on the screen . Other details such as the Nike `` Swoosh '' on the armor just add to the `` do n't take this too seriously '' tone.I suppose from looking at what others have written , this is a love it or hate it film . I think I got the joke and once I started looking at it from that perspective , found the movie very entertaining .
 This film works so well in so many ways - it does n't take itself too seriously , the actors all look like they 're having a blast - but it 's not overly hokey - it does n't make fun of itself . I admit that I 'm a devotee of ` B ' sword and medieval movies , and this is definitely a ` B ' movie . The joy that 's evident onscreen , however , raises it levels above other films like this -LRB- Hearts & Armor , for example -RRB- .
 ... right?No . Do n't get your hopes too high . The very very beginning had me cracking up with laughter -LRB- especially when the king ? tapped his hand along to the beat ! -RRB- and i thought this is definitely going to be a favorite film ! Well , it 's not . I mean , Heath Ledger was good , Rufus Sewell bad , and the Chaucer guy amusing . There are some really good and funny scenes . The script was n't that great , but neither was it that bad either.Except for one thing . The girl character really ruined it for me . She was dull , boring , ridiculous , weird and petty . I do n't think her role , character or acting fit . They should 've used someone who looked more the part historically if she was going to speak modern or they could 've left her modernly bizarre with impeccable speech or something . Any sort of change would have done . Even different facial expressions . Though personally i think they might as well have cut her charactor out of the movie . She just pulled it down . -LRB- oh , and that whole jousting scene really bugs me - like yeah , to prove your love let some guy beat you up with brass knuckles or something -RRB- The redeeming thing for me ? THe Black Prince !! I totally flipped out when i realized he was in the movie - nearly moved to tears -LRB- hey , i 'm a hist . buff and see him as a sort of romantic figure -RRB- . For those who do n't know , the Black Prince is -LRB- English -RRB- King Edward III 's son . Not much is known of him -LRB- we 're not even sure why he 's the BLACK prince -RRB- and he died before he could ascend the throne . I always love looking up books about him and this is the first time i 've seen him fictionalized -LRB- in book or film -RRB- . So I was thrilled . Definitely added points to the movie . I give it 33/4 stars .
 This is a very innovative and entertaining film . The innovation comes in the form of the film 's use of contemporary music and dialogue . The film 's actors and the use of these contemporary elements combine for great storytelling . The film is both enjoyable and enthralling . What I found really interesting was how the film seemed even truer to the Knights-in-armor genre by the use of these modern elements . I think the music and the dialogue were so universal that they transcended time yet were able grasp the viewer by the emotional jugular . This is a fantastic , magical and uplifting film . It teaches us all a thing or two about friendship , loyalty and perseverance and the honor one can gain by never quitting when the odds are against you . This is a great film .
 Director Brian Helgeland achieves what he set out to do
 This is a very well put together film . The acting is incredible , the cinematography is very well done , the sound track helps establish the mood and energy and the movie would n't work as well without it . The characters are very loveable . You care what happens to them . And thats getting harder and harder to come by . It IS a comedy , drama , and romance all rolled into one which is exactly why it works . Without the comedy the drama would be too heavy , and to cliche , but it ca n't stand on comedy alone . It had a story it needed to tell and it did it quite nicely . I do wish `` Josalyn '' the lead female role had been a more likeable character , and frankly the actress could 've done more with her part too . I also think the villain wasnt as detestable as he could 've / should 've been . . but he was still the sort of character you love to hate , so his overall mission was accomplished . Do n't watch it expecting anything , because it wont be whatever you expect , just go where it takes you . It 's a fun ride .
 I initially saw this movie simply because I love the medieval era and nearly everything associated with it . I was n't too sure whether the 80 's soundtrack would work well with this type of movie , however I was soon convinced of the pure genius of it . It is basically a Cinderella story of a poor boy who becomes a knight . What surprised me was how humor was woven into the movie and how it 's scenes were phenomenal -LRB- although that may be just because I love the medieval era -RRB- . This movie did have one area which I actually hated . It took place at a dance where our hero is put on the spot to dance . He begins dancing with our fair lady and the music is of that age , but then , of all times to switch it to another style of music , it switches to some horrible 80 's song and all the dancers begin to do modern dances . I feel that the modern dancing in a movie such as this ruined that particular scene . Otherwise , the humor is wonderful , the storyline better , and the ending is of course well worth it . Other than that one bad scene , it 's definitely worth the buy . I have n't bought it yet , -LRB- due to budget constraints -RRB- , but it 's on my personal to-do list .
 When I first heard about this movie back when it came out , I thought that it was complete nonsense ; somewhat of a purist at heart , I just could n't stomach the fact that someone had the nerve to produce a movie about knights set to modern day rock music . So I wanted nothing to do with this movie and refused to watch it until a short while ago when I happened across it when it was on TV , and was quickly hooked . To my utter surprise , the movie turned out to be quite whitty and entertaining , and I was also quite impressed by the set-design -- for such an unserious movie , it is quite authentic-looking . I 've since seen the movie several times , and each time I 've enjoyed the movie more than the last ; and there will no doubt be many more viewings in the future .
 ok , I 'm a big fan of almost everything and anything medieval . When I saw pre-views for this movie around a year or two ago , it looked so stupid . However , when i finally decided to see it i loved it ! Yes the history is n't right , yes the music does n't fit ... but some reason it was one of the most enjoyable two hours i have ever spent watching a movie . Give it a chance , chances are you will enjoy it too .
 I 've seen A Knight 's Tale a few times , and I must admit , the more times I 've watched it , the more I 've come to like this film . A Knight 's Tale is nothing deep , it 's a fun , innovative movie about incorporating rock music into a different era altogether . I 'm not a great fan of Heath Ledger , but the supporting cast was great . Particularly outstanding was Paul Bettany as Chaucer , he brought humor and vibrancy to his character . Jocelyn was not much more than eye candy , but she is quite pretty . And William 's -LRB- Ledger 's -RRB- friends are also hilarious in their actions . I really had great time watching this film , it 's definitely more fun when you 're watching it with other people . One of the best scenes of the film , which just made the whole movie for me was when William and Jocelyn danced at the feast , to David Bowie 's Golden Years . Stick with the film , and I think you 'll enjoy it .
 This is the best movie EVER ! Heath Ledger will TAKE YOUR BREATH AWAY ! If you are addicted to Heath Ledger -LRB- like me -RRB- you NEED TO BUY THIS DVD !
 A Kinght 's Tale was a refreshingly pleasant surprise . The opening scene was a little odd with its mix of rock and joust , but once you get past that bit of humor , the story is quite good . It is a fairly predictable plot , but I ca n't remember the last time I enjoyed a movie this much . I walked away refreshed and glad that such movies still exist . It was fairly clean fun . The characters made you want to root for the hero even more . 41/2 stars for sure !
 I saw this movie and LOVED IT !!!! It was the best ever . The soundtrack is really good too . The characters are well delveloped . In my opinion it is a football movie but with horses and lances . This is my all time favorite movie !
 I rented the dvd last Saturday and had to return it today , Sunday . We watched the movie 4 times in a weeks time , it was awesome and I really do like Heath Ledger , he 's a great actor .
 There 's nothing to criticize about this movie
 This movie is just fun ! There 's a little action and little romance and comedy .
 For I have the pride , the privilege , nay , the pleasure of writing this review of A Knight 's Tale . A classic `` good overcomes evil '' story that rocks-and it 's fun!Throw your history reference book out the window and enjoy this for the pure entertainment that it is meant to be . I have watched this DVD three times and I am still laughing and entertained up to the end . It has quickly become a family favorite.Sure it is n't historically accurate , but I love the rock and humor placed in a medieval setting . It works-and did I mention that it 's fun?Add this DVD to your collection today . It will change your stars . -LRB- P.S. Do n't stop the DVD until after the credits . There is a suprise scene at the end that the kids will love more than the parents . -RRB-
 As others have already said , this movie is a lot of fun . Here 's the surprise - Heath Ledger -LRB- William -RRB- can act . -LRB- sorry for the prejudice against his pretty face ... I just assumed that 's the reason he got the role . -RRB- He 's got a spark that you ca n't deny and he 's got some beautiful , honest moments . -LRB- SPOILER
 For those of you who ca n't appreciate an anachronistic tale , then this movie is n't for you . The first time I saw it , the crowd of peasant 's clapping and stomping to `` We will rock you '' struck me as hilarious , and there are other very fine parts in the film as well , incuding throwing Chaucer in there , a move I think Chaucer himself would have highly approved of -LRB- read the Canterbury Tales and you 'll probably agree -RRB- . My only beef with the movie was the love triangle that was n't . It 's sooo stereotypical for the knight to fall for the fair lady . I 'd rather the fair lady have been stuck up , and William ran away with Kate -LRB- whose character is much more developed in the film -RRB- , but other than that , it was thoroughly enjoyable .
 I saw this movie in the theater . I absolutely loved it ! I did n't really know what to expect before the movie came on . I like `` knight '' movies and Heath Ledger ... so how could I go wrong ... right ? :-RRB- Throughout the entire movie , I was on the edge of my seat . I did not want to miss anything in the movie ! First of all , you ca n't go wrong watching Heath Ledger move in front of you on the big screen ... no matter what he 's doing , he wo n't hurt your eyes a bit ! The storyline was awesome ... I laughed through a lot of the movie . I was really surprised by some of the ending ... But I wo n't give that away for anyone else who has n't seen this movie yet . Let 's just say I cried :-RRB- If you like romance , adventure , action , comedy ... or eye candy , You 'll love this movie . I also recommend the soundtrack ; it keeps you moving !!
 It is hard to place ' A Knight 's Tale ' in any one category , and it is understandable that there are those who do n't quite ` get ' what it 's about . The film effectively merges multiple genres , and in turn audiences are treated to a wonderfully witty , rock-god-esque romp through time , with a dash of medieval chivalry thrown in for good measure . Heath Ledger shines as William , as does Paul Bettany as Chaucer , and you really do fall in love with the characters . Just sit back , relax , do n't think too much about the historical inaccuracies , and let Queen 's `` We will rock you '' transport you into this tale .
 I have to admit that when I first started showing this video to my 12th graders , it was as a reward for first reading and analyzing parts of Chaucer 's `` Canterbury Tales '' in class . Besides just enjoying this highly entertaining film though , they were instructed to take notes on the things the filmmakers got right about what we know about the Middle Ages and the things that were obviously anachronistic . I also had them evaluate the way the character of Chaucer is portrayed and if they thought he mirrored what we knew about the historical figure and his worldview.As a bonus , I have discovered that much of the back-and-forth between the lovers ties in well with the lessons in The Wife of Bath 's Tale as do the arguments the character Chaucer makes in his wonderfully persuasive speech to the mob while William is in the stocks . Since I also teach rhetorical techniques , it makes a good example of the use of pathos.All in all , this has proven to be a great supplement that the kids really relate to .
 If you expected A Knight 's Tale to be like Camelot then you are wrong . A Knight 's Tale is about a poor squire who was trying to change his stars by jousting . William was not a nobleman however , so he tried to cover it up with lies . William was also not a knight so he used his knight 's armor when the knight died . This caused a ton of trouble for him . During his matches , you never knew if he would live or die.The sound track was pretty modern to add the feel that everyone wants to be great no matter what the historical time is . Some of the soundtrack was `` The Boys Are Back In Town . '' At the beginning of the movie , was `` We Will Rock You . '' In my opinion the soundtrack was amazing.There were four very important characters in the movie . Geoffey Chaucer gave William the pendants of noblemen . He also wrote The Canterbury Tales from the ideas he got from his experiences according to the movie . Count Adimar was more like a rival than a villain . He was not merciful when he faced William . William was in love with Joceyln but since she is of nobility , she could not marry him . William was a poor squire who was adventurous . These characters were the most important in the movie.The age appeal is also very important to a movie . The movie is not for toddlers because it too sophisticated . It is not for little kids because it was pretty gory , crude and has some nudity of Chaucer 's bottom . It is pretty good for preteens and teens because they would understand it and it is a exciting story about Medieval times . Adults would like the movie because it is educational .4.0 out of 5.0 stars
 This movie has been out for a while ... so it 'll be pointless to write a full review on the movie itself . If you are thinking about buying this BD , that means you a -RRB- Know/liked about the movie and would like to own it or b -RRB- seen the movie and would like to own it.So , what I 'm going to focus on is the BD itself . First off , the picture quality is very nice . I 'm not a videophile by any stretch of the imagination , but when I was watching this movie , I was pleased with the level of detail and richness of color.The sound was also superb . Unfortunately , I 've yet to buy a 7.1 receiver , or one that allows for uncompressed PCM , so I had to settle for the 5.1 DD track , but even so , I found it to be of very high quality.The extras are the one thing this BD release lacks . It has none , as far as I remember.All and all , I would recommend this movie to anyone who liked it in the first place , and any of those who are interested in a fun movie .
 I 've been telling my husband and -LSB- . . -RSB- daughter that they would like this movie . They have both been reluctant to sit down and watch . Finally I go them both to watch and surprise , surprise they both REALLY enjoyed it . My husband actually stayed awake for the whole thing and wanted me to pause it when he needed to leave the room . This is unheard of . I highly reccommend it !
 70 's music in a tale of yore ? Sure , why not . Many of us got our first look at Heath Ledger in `` A Knight 's Tale '' and follwed his progression from cheapside to true Knighthood sitting on the edge of our seats . This is a well told tale with many terrific supporting actors and a soundtrack that may be out of place , but still rocks the cast and the viewer . The DTS soundtrack is spot on and the Superbit picture looks great .
 Well ... a good seven years has now passed since this film was in the theatres and it holds up just as fine as it did the very first time I saw it.The Reception ... The first and most striking aspect of this film was the amount of antipathy that was generated by Carter Burwell 's insightful use of modern music in a period comedy / drama . Unfortunately this created so much backlash , and so much hatred amongst the viewers that hordes of haters flocked to the internet to post hundreds of pages of comments on IMDb , and post an unflattering number of continuous negative reviews on Amazon for years to come with a long sea of comments regarding the ` egregiousness ' of what this film did to the period . None of the ` paid , real-life ' Reviewers were any kinder to writer / director Brian Helgeland as well and just about every reviewer could n't tolerate the opening of peasants drumming away and singing ` We Will Rock You ' or Heath Ledger practicing his technique to War 's ` Lowrider ' . So many viewers would have a better understanding and greater perspective on stuff like this if they would just acquaint themselves with theworkof Tom Stoppard . His work in the field of Victorian and Middle-age shenanigans has made absurdist theatre what it is today and has shaped a lot of modern film . `` It 's called a lance , hello ... `` The Controversy ... Some people may remember that the negative reviews were so many , that some bright spark over at Sony Pictures decided to start fabricating positive reviews and using quotes for those fake reviews to advertise the film . Well , someone noticed and caught them with their proverbial hand in the cookie jar . Yes , there was a lawsuit and someone got paid . Whoever that was , is beyond me because I never saw a dime of that money and I saw it twice in the theatre and I 've purchased both versions available on DVD.For almost five years , someone also hosted a phony website that was made to emulate an Anchorage area High School up in Alaska , which regarded a supposed Musical adaptation of ` A Knights Tale ' , replete with fake newspaper reviews , fake still photographs and other phony productions also complete with posters , banners and photographs . The website was taken down in 2006 after it was finally discovered by Sony Pictures and they did n't find the joke very funny at all.The Writer / Director and Shannyn Sossamon ... A lot of people , who were in charge of production and had financially backed the picture were ecstatic to be working with prolific Writer / Director Brian Helgeland , who had previously had much success with the magnificent filmL.A . Confidential . Whether one likes that movie or not , it surely is a screenplay to rival all others in scope and skill . No dailies were made available during filming as principal photography took place in the Czech Republic , but nobody seemed to mind as they were all fully behind Helgeland 's `` period epic '' that would be a sort-of screen adaptation of Geoffrey Chaucer ` sCanterbury Tales . There must have been an incredible silence during the first few screenings when they finally got to see the finished product . The problem was that even though the marketing campaign for the film was vast and appropriate , too much negative banter behind the scenes got the ball rolling on all the bad reviews . But in truth , it still did pretty good in the theatres and very well once released on DVD , both times . To this day , a lot of people adore this film and it 's quickly becoming a real cult-classic and not the kind of cult-classic that Studios likes to advertise their poorly made films like Superbad as . A Knights Tale really is a cult-classic , that status is not something placed upon it by the Studios , but attributed to it by the fans and the continued viewership.Unfortunately though for Helgeland , his career as a director has n't ever really improved , has it ? He 's seemingly stuck forever with his Cirque du Freak vampire movie that no one has yet seen a frame of . His writing though has n't suffered as he 's penned numerous hits that have been critically acclaimed such asMystic River , andMan on Fire . He was also a guest commentator on the recent DVD re-release ofThe Omenalongside Richard Donner . Note to reader
 Heath Ledger plays William an employee of a Knight in the Middle Ages . When their boss dies unexpectedly William and his two friends who also worked for the knight find themselves with no money and at first they do not know what do to . Then William comes up with an interesting idea . He would pretend to be a noble -LRB- Sir Ulrich von Lichtenstein of Gelderland -RRB- and with the help of Geoffrey Chaucer played hilariously by Paul Bettany he would become a Knight.William learns how to be a knight and slowly but surly he starts winning . During the rounds of jousting he meets Lady Jocelyn and they fall in love . Unfortunately a man named Count Adhemar tries to find out who Sir Ulrich really is.The movie is very good . It is very funny to watch a movie set in the middle ages and here David Bowie , and Queen as background music as well as Geoffrey Chaucer being called Jeff , but it just makes the movie even better .
 This was my kind of movie . Lots of fun - handsome knight - beautiful lady - plenty of comic relief.The comic relief beautifully overlayed a more serious story of a boy becoming a man and of his daring to reach for his dreams.I was enthraled by the dance scene.Throughout the movie modern music is woven artfully into the ancient theme.This movie manages to be touching and fun at the same time.If you believe in Camelot , you 'll enjoy this movie . -LRB- If the thought of Queen and David Bowie music associated with midevil knights bothers you , then stay away .
 we watched this movie on tv and wanted to watch it again ... `` commercial free '' ... so we purchased it from amazon and watched again , and enjoyed it thoroughly.heath ledger played a very convincing knight . the entire movie made us feel like we were actually back in those times.well done !
 Everyone loves good music , and everyone has talked about the great music so we 'll let that lie there . I own the soundtrack , so there 's that endorsement.But wrapped up in this great bundle , thoust doth find a movie . And , pray you , lend me a sypathetic ear , a wonderfully revived cliche of a movie . Boy sees girl , boy works hard , boy ... if you knowst the cliche , I 'll not ruin it for thee.The acting was excellent , especially newcomer Shannyn Sossamon . She burnt up the screen , even in those garishly extravagant costumes that I found difficult to believe . Great two way movie ; watch it with the guys for the action or with your girl and get credit for a love story .
 I already own the DVD and discovered a 2nd hand copy of the Blue Ray version for $ 6 . Though I quite like the film , the Directors commentary on the SDVD is one of my favourites . So I was very disapointed to find that the Blu Ray seems to be without the commentaryThe picture has been greatly improved -LRB- even from the Superbit edition -RRB- and looks crisp -LRB- though not much better than the upconverted standard edition -RRB- . The uncompressed audio sounds great but I 'm glad that I did n't pay full price for this .
 `` A Knight 's Tale '' was delightful to me when I saw it in the theatre . I recently started thinking about how much I liked it and then saw a copy @ a bargain price . Heath Ledger never seems light , even when in a frothy bit of romantic comedy from the middle ages . There is a fierce intensity to his work . His one Oscar nomination came for Best Actor for `` Brokeback Mountain '' in 2005 , a film for which he won similar awards from critics ' associations in Las Vegas , New York , Phoenix , San Francisco & St. Louis . As William Thatcher , he is a joy to watch as the servant who dreamed he could become a knight.Director Brian Helgeland won an Oscar for screenwriting for `` L.A. Confidential '' in 1997 & was similarly nominated for `` Mystic River . '' I found the DVD extras interesting as his explanation of why the rock music that is clearly out of period was used . His concept tried to make the period easy to relate to for modern audiences and show the energy from those times as if they were happening today . The dance sequence is still amazing.Alan Tudyk 's flaming red hair looks great on the DVD . Tudyk came to the screen with `` Patch Adams , '' `` The Wonder Boys '' & with Sandra Bullock in `` 28 Days . '' As Wat , he lends great comic timing . Some of the deleted scenes are priceless as he mugs wildly . His sidekick Mark Addy who played with Ledger in `` The Order '' as well as his breakout role in `` The Full Monty '' does a good job as the rotund Roland who eagerly helps William in hopes that he will get to see his family again.Paul Bettany came to the fore in `` A Beautiful Mind '' & as the flagellating albino priest inThe Da Vinci Code -LRB- Widescreen Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB- , but I particularly liked him as a romantic lead in what was a critically slammed film , Wimbledon . As Geoffrey Chaucer , Bettany bares his behind to show the wordsmith with a gambling addiction . The deleted scene where William , Wat & Roland follow a naked Chaucer only to meet his wife is hilarious.Shannyn Sossamon was discovered for this role when she was spinning discs for a party . I 've enjoyed her work on TV 's `` Moonlight , '' the vampire series . As Jocelyn , she is lovely and brings kind of a romantic wisdom to the part . While I 've read she 's compared frequently to Angelina Jolie , I kept thinking of Keira Knightly as I watched this DVD . The scene where William follows her on horseback into a church put a smile on my face.Rufus Sewell is another intense actor . He had a supporting part in the Jude Law-Cameron Diaz film I liked , The Holiday , as well as a major part in the excellent filmThe Illusionist -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- . As Count Adehmar , he is as ruthless as he is good looking . The strength of his arrogance contributes strongly to the making Thatcher such a sympathetic character.Christopher Cazenove who was in one of my favorite films , `` Eye of the Needle '' from 1981 , plays William 's father . The scene is touching where the blind father sits in the stadium as his son knocks Adehmar to his just deserts . James Purefoy who plays Edward , the Black Prince of Wales , also has an excellent cameo appearance where he rescues William from the stocks.This is not a `` period '' picture , but it is delightful entertainment that stands up well seven years after its release . Enjoy !
 I absolutely love this movie!Besides having a fantastic plot and wonderful action sequences , this movie has my favorite actor of all time ... . HEATH LEDGER ! His acting is so honest and real I just ca n't help but love him.He is also unbelieveably gorgeous!I could watch him all day ! This movie is also pretty clean viewing so parents will not object . All around great movie , and Heath ... . I love you !
 This movie is a lot of fun !!! The best `` romantic medieval jousting comedy '' there is ! The setting of the first jousting match will be appreciated by anyone that has attended a professional sporting event . I do n't usually find the `` extra '' material on most DVDs to be very interesting -- but after viewing the `` Behind-The-Scenes Featurettes '' I immediately wanted to watch the movie again with a different eye . I 'm going to buy the movie , it 's `` a keeper '' .
 This is a FEEL GREAT movie ! Shoot for the stars is the theme and you may suprise even yourself . A bit anachronististic , the screen play of the age old Knights in Shining Armor tale with rock music replacing the herald 's blaring trumpets.Will we ever tire of this theme ? I hope not .
 This movie is one that you can watch 2002 times and never get tired of it . The tremendous suspense that this movie has , strategically woven into it 's magnificent plot , is there everytime I watch it . It combines all different genres of movies ; comedy , action , romance , not to mention a brilliant soundtrack to go with it . Heath Ledger gives such a confident and remarkable preformance , I would watch this just to see him act . The rest of the cast features both new and old faces that help this movie become better and better . Aside from the inspiring and daring plot , the sets and extras are absolutely amazing ! With all the extras fully costumed and sets so much like the times , one watching this will feel like they 're sitting right there in the jousting arena . One of the best aspects of the movie , however , is the slight modern twist that makes it an edgy , superb , and in a sense , magical film . But enough reading about it , I suggest you go back to the top of the page , add this outstanding video to your cart , and enjoy being taken back to medieval times right from your chair in the 21st century ! And remember , my stars for this rating , will NEVER change !!
 Ok ... I 'm in my late 30 's . When I saw the preview for this film , it was just after seeing Gladiator -LRB- awesome 5-star movie -RRB- , and I thought to myself ... ` let the ripoffs begin ' . I was sure it would be a bad teen flick with a few decent action scenes , and frankly , was n't even going to rent it ... what a pleasant surprise.I have n't smiled so much in a movie in a long time . Wonderful acting , directing , dialog ... and the story moves along nicely but never bogs down or tries to be anything other than what it is ... a FUN movie -LRB- with some nice emotional moments as well -RRB- . Sure , you might say it has cliche 's and such -LRB- the music blends in nicely btw -RRB- , but the film is so entertaining and hits all the right notes that you wo n't care if you 've ` seen it before ' ... and I can assure you , you have NEVER seen jousting like what 's pulled off in this film.Heath Ledger is as likable and capable an actor as your gon na find for this type of film , and he does a great job , as do the others , but Paul Bettany almost steals the film with his hilarious and shameless portrayal of Chaucer . I challenge anyone to sit through most of his scenes without a smile plastered across his/her face . I truely hope he gets nominated for an award -LRB- the deleted scene he has when he 's pleading with the mob is really something to see as well -RRB- . This movie might be geared towards the younger audience in general , but do n't let that fool you . It has something to offer everyone who wants to sit back and enjoy a Knights tale ... I loved it .
 This movie was amazing ! I loved how they took mideival elements and combined them with modern elements . This made for a fantastic movie !
 Excellent , romantic `` good guy '' conquers evil , flick . I was n't sure I 'd enjoy the movie during the initial 15-20 minutes , but was totally engrossed by the triumphant conclusion . Despite it 's violent overtones , the jousting scenes were not overly graphic . Supportive characters were every bit as good and in some cases more lovable than the leads . Two thumbs up !
 i thought this movie was the bestmovie ever ! it 's romantic funny and sweet you 'll love it . it 's good for men and woman .
 I am an Anglophile , one of the worst history snobs to be found . When the film opened to Queen , I said in my most upper-crust annoyed voice `` The LEAST they could do was research some period music to authenticate the movie . '' And then along with the rest of the audience I started singing We Will We Will Rock You ! From that on I was lost in pure enjoyment . I 'm a rock singer from way back , and the wit , physicality , and romance in this movie somehow just weirdly went with the absolutely fabulous rock score . I went out and bought the soundtrack the next day and have seen the movie 4 times . This is the runaway blockbuster hit of the summer , and I 'm just in here looking for a release date so I can preorder the DVD : - -RRB-
 If you are looking for a fun and lighthearted movie , this is it . But if you are in the mood for a serious period film , keep looking . A Knight 's Tale combines medival jousting with modern day music and humor .
 Movie Summary
 First of all , you should n't take this movie too seriously . The opening rock and roll music suggests just that , even though I was quite disappointed by it . Before I watched this movie , I had expected it to be somewhat historically realistic . As it turned out , I found that I enjoyed the movie more when I relaxed my original expectations . But let me start with my criticisms.I 'm sure many people find the music , although good by itself , to be out of place of the given setting . Queen 's rock and roll music was disturbing at first , but I let it blend into the movie as it progressed . I fully enjoyed the first part of the dance scene , but I felt quite uneasy when it switched to `` Golden Years '' . The music , `` Shook Me All Night Long '' , in the ending credits was quite absurb . `` Knocking me out with those AMERICAN thighs '' ??? Finally , some of the things the characters say and some of the clothes they wear was made too modern . I strongly disliked the main lady . The way she giggled , her clothing , and her hair style was inappropriate . I personally liked Kate , the blacksmith , immensely.But like I said , if you relax your expectations , you will find this movie to be uniquely entertaining . The jousting tournaments , although somewhat gruesome , was nicely done . The breakages of the lances was very graphical , and they were beautifully executed . I had no idea that the debris was actually spaghetti until I reviewed the behind-the-scenes section . The little acts of humor here and there was interesting -- like reflecting a beam of sunlight straight into one of the heralds ' face while he was making his presentation . I enjoyed each and every scene of the heralds ' presenting their respective knights to the audience , but I marveled at Chaucer 's presentations . He was , without a doubt in my mind , the biggest hit in this film . The way he acted , the words he spoke , everything ... Paul Bettany brought what I had pictured Chaucer in my mind to life . Finally , I could n't help myself to relating some elements of this film to Chaucer 's Cantebury Tales . Simon the Summoner and Peter the Pardoner have indeed been stripped naked for eternity.All in all it 's a great film , minus the music and the modernization . It is , by far , a smart investment of two hours of your time .
 The soundtrack is a character all its own in this film . This is the story of a poor young boy who grows up in the shadow of a jousting champion , who like all champions must one day face the fact that he can no longer be the best.The boy 's father is his hero , even though he basically sells him into servitude . He tells his son he can change his destiny , that nothing should stand in his way.This boy lives by those words . This is a typical story of society boundaries and poor boy meets rich girl . With the added character of classical rock and roll matched with medieval backdrop , you 'll sit rivoted to your seat anticipating the realistic jousting matches and playing name that tune !
 I really enjoyed this movie , more than I would have imagined . The music is familiar and somehow , it works with the storyline . Who does n't bang the table , clap their hands , and stomp their feet whenever they hear `` We Will , We Will Rock You '' ? What a great intro to this movie !! You will meet `` Jeff Chaucer '' the best storyteller of the entire realm . His flamboyant introductions to Ulrich are priceless . The camaraderie and friendships these characters develop among themselves makes you want them to do well . You too will encourage Ulrich and his compatriots in their `` knightly '' endeavors.I highly recommend this video to anyone who wants to be taken away for a spell to the land of medieval times . It is a great deal of fun - let it `` rock '' you .
 The younger crowd will definitely enjoy this crowd-pleasing mediaevel comedy , but do n't let that turn the adults away
 A Knights Tale is a great movie ! It was funny as well as touching in emotions of the heart and growing up . William and his team of young men are all wonderful characters . It was very enjoyable to watch and get involved with such a fun and entertaining movie .
 I absolutely loved this movie . Heath Ledger is such a great actor , and he is soooo handsome . He plays a peasant who masquerades as a knight , so that he can joust , after his master , who also jousts , dies . The cast of characters that surround Ledger are absolutely fabulous . I love it that they have Geoffrey Chaucer in his group of friends . The actor who plays him is very handsome and the character is hilarious . Chaucer has a gambling problem , and that causes some problems , but he also plays Ledger 's announcer -- he is the one who introduces Ledger at the beginning of the jousting matches -- and he really hams it up , which is very funny . I like the female blacksmith who makes Ledger 's armor , she puts Nike logos on it as her trademark , and joins Ledger 's entourage.Of course , Ledger takes the jousting tournament season by storm , and he becomes extremely popular . He and the villain -LRB- whose name I can not remember -RRB- , the only knight that he can not defeat at jousting , are both vying for the hand of the same woman , of course Ledger wins her heart , but the villain causes problems for their relationship towards the end of the movie . The romantic aspect of this movie is the only one that I did not thoroughly love.Everything comes to a head at the Jousting World Championships in London . At this point I want to mention the character of Prince Edward of England , he and Ledger meet in a jousting match during the season . Ledger makes quite an impression on the prince when he is the only knight who has the guts to actually compete against him . -LRB- The villain has a chance to joust against the Prince , but he withdraws from the match to avoid having to joust against his Prince . -RRB- Anyway , the Prince plays an essential role in the way the movie ends , and I really liked the way he was portrayed.This was just a wonderfully funny and good movie and I would recommend it to anyone .
 A Knight 's Tale is what you get when you cross underdog sports drama , comedy , medieval knights , and a healthy dose of Gen X attitude . William Thatcher is a nobody , son of a peasant , fascinated with knights . When the knight he 's serving dies before the final round of a joust , William takes a chance and assumes his identity.The show wastes no time whatsoever getting straight to the fun stuff . The above paragraph is the very first thing you 'll see in the movie , and the very next is the movie 's first joust set to Queen 's We Will Rock You . The twist here is n't just a cheap soundtrack , but the fact that it 's interwoven into the movie itself . The jousting audience is more of a football crowd , clapping along to the legendary beat and having fun . The herald trumpet players are even shown to belt a few notes , while the guards step along.The best example I can think of this previously is Robin Hood
 When a young poor peasant squire by the name of William Thatcher -LRB- Heath Ledger -RRB- , who 's trying to get back home in London with his two pals -LRB- Mark Addy and Alan Tudyk -RRB- . But when he passes himself as a Knight for survival with luck , he has passed and win the Match . But when he takes his chances with the help of writer -LRB- Paul Bettany -RRB- to make him pass off as a nobleman . Since William is becoming a natural at winning and then he falls in love with a beautiful young woman named Jocelyn -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- , he loves with all his heart but what , who stands in his way is a cruel and also a natural winner of Jousting World by the name of Count Adhemar -LRB- Rufus Sewell -RRB- , who also wants Jocelyn and tries to do anything to put William down.Written and Directed by Brain Helgeland -LRB- Payback -RRB- is acutally a very ambitious , entertaining , action-packed , adventure film with a sense of humor . The Cast are Terrific , including Laura Fraser as the body welder for William . The film modern day music seems to be very odd in this flick and does n't quite pull it off . The film does slow down at times and is maybe a bit too long . Helgeland did a fine job at this movie and succeeding -LRB- Not all the way -RRB- make a near perfect picture . This is fun for all ages , is worth seeing . Super 35 . Grade : B + .
 There 's nothing particularly deep about this movie . No profound messages about exploring the darker side of the human soul , or any of that gobbledygook . Oh sure , there 's a little socio-political jab at the idea of class distinctions and social elitism , but that 's as serious as it gets . The rest of the movie is just plain fun.The story centers around William Thatcher , a young peasant-born squire who has a natural talent for jousting and a dream to rise above his humble circumstances . With the aid of a small band of trusty friends , including the inimitable Geoffrey Chaucer , our young hero sets off to make his mark on a noble man 's world . And what a mark he makes!Of course , there 's the obligatory girl to be won , and the dashingly handsome but utterly ruthless rival to compete with for her hand . The action scenes are well done if somewhat repetitive -LRB- there are only so many ways to depict a joust -RRB- , but of course the focus is on the final meeting between the good guy and the bad guy . The plot is not particularly complicated , although there is one neat twist toward the end of the movie that makes you cheer for `` our side . '' Some of the characters are extremely funny , and provide great comic relief throughout.By the way , this one 's suitable for the whole family . No strong language or blood-n-guts , but there are a couple brief scenes with some backside nudity . Overall , though , it 's just good clean fun and extremely entertaining . It wo n't appeal to the deep intellectual or the movie critic in you , but who cares ?
 Ever since I was little I 've loved this movie and it has been in my top three favorites . All of the actors combine together to create a wonderful story and you fall in love with each character . Heath Ledger does a brilliant job here and a better actor could not have been chosen . This is a movie you can watch over and over . . and still enjoy it . I 'll forever love this tale .
 A Knight 's Tale is a great romp . The plot is predictable -LRB- evil noble vs knight of humble origins , the latter of course gets the lady after defeating said evil noble , with the help of a couple of sidekicks . -RRB- What makes the movie memorable is the humorous parody of the plot , the deliberate exaggeration and anachronisms , not to mention the allusions ... e.g. , . Chaucer included `` The Knight 's Tale '' as part of the Canterbury Tales . I do n't usually buy DVD 's , but I did buy this one ... Parts of it are well worth seeing again .
 This is a great Movie Great sounds good directing great casting Buy this Movie this is a keeper.If you like Knights and Jousting and sword fights and it 's funny .
 It was a used DVD , but it was in good shape and we were able to enjoy the movie . I would recommend this DVD to others .
 Item was received sooner than expected , within two days ! I had ordered it one week before Christmas so expected it to show up around New Years.I was very happy with the movie , no scratches or damage . I would order again .
 I watched this film the first time because of Heath Ledger . Who knew how great it was ? After the opening credits , when music starts and the camera pans , you know you are in for great treat . I loaned out my first copy and it never came back , now I 've got the VHS and DVD from Amazon . Watched `` A Knight 's Tale '' many times and the best part is I do n't think any scenes in this version were cut . This is a feel good movie that has it all , action , romance , suspense , and honor ... with ethics being above all . If you like Heath Ledger and comedy and great music you will love this movie .
 This is a really fun medieval tale . Though it has a bit of a modern-feel touch to it , it is overall faithful and well-researched even if not 100 percent historically accurate . The story is fun and compelling and Heath Ledger did a really great job in his role in this film .
 I 've always loved this movie ! It has the right amount of campiness , comedy and heart - and the music rocks . I loved the concept of a period movie with contempory music , others have tried but this movie succeeded ! It 's my MOST favorite Heath Ledger performances - i thought that when the movie first came out , but more so when we lost him .
 i thought that this was a very interesting movie . al though i thought that it would be more action packed and stuff like that , it was entertaining to watch . i recommend this to anyone who enjoys comedy and a little bit of history .
 I saw this movie at the sneak preview a week before it came out and then 4 times after that . I absolutely loved it . And , no , it 's not just because I 'm totally in love with Heath Ledger , but because the plot was great . I loved how the movie was set in medieval times but it was modernized . There were many funny scenes in it , along with serious , moving , ones . I recommend this movie to everyone , especially Heath lovers !!
 I went in thinking this movie was going to be a sore adventure movie with a lot of romance , however , that was not the case at all . It was highly entertaining , lots of great action and the jousting scenes are fantastic . Not too much overkill on the romance , but enought to keep the story moving . The soundtrack is good ole ' fashion rock and roll and there 's plenty of laughs . I definitely plan on getting this DVD when it is released .
 I was reluctant to see this movie , as I am in my late-twenties and thought this was going to be a film for the young `` Heath Ledger '' fans and generation . Much to my surprise , the movie was pure fun right from the beginning , with a soundtrack that makes you want to dance in your seat . All of the characters , minus the leading actress , are all very charasmatic and appealing , and I would recommend this to any age group . The audience laughed the entire way through . Heath rules !
 I saw this movie the second week it came out and was so excited . It was such a great movie . The way they added some modern flair to it made it original and an overall fun ride . One of the opening scenes is great and a must see . I can see how some people do n't like that some stuff was modernized but I found it funny and enjoyable .
 Hey i 'm no David Manning but I think that Heath Ledger is America 's hottest new star . So far he has brought us nothing but quality films with THE PATRIOT and now this brilliant film . The only thing that I ca n't figure out is why Sony felt that needed to make up false reviews for yhis film . . it 's great ! It has everything , action , comedy , drama . There is never a dull momment . Oh yeah , Anjelina Jolie watch your back because Shannyn Sossamon is great as Ledger 's love interest . writer/director Brian Helgeland -LRB- PAYBACK -RRB- has created a brilliant piece of cinema .
 When I went to see this movie it was because I like the fantasy of that era . From the very begining it was funny and a shock around every corner . It brought me through several different emotions . I loved this movie and want to see it again in the theaters and can not wait til it is out on DVD .
 i can not do justice to this movie by writing a review , nor could i write one nearly so well as `` moirae '' -LRB- read that one -RRB- ... so i 'll just say that the movie was funny , enormously entertaining , action-packed and has a great soundtrack that allows you to really get into the movie ; a movie that appeals to men , women , and children . and may i also add `` ohhhhhh ... that dance scene !!!
 I found this movie to be fun and interesting . Not only does it open your mind to the past-times of an earlier period in history , but it also incorporates many modern things such as the music in this movie . I thought the music in this movie tied the past and the future together . A Knight 's Tale showed that a lot of things are universal ; meaning the music played in the movie fit the scenes it was played with . I would recommend this movie to anyone who needs a good laugh or just wants to see a movie that is like no other . Truth be told , I did smile while watching and leaving A Knight 's Tale . You have to admit , it 's a very entertaining movie !
 I will not waste a lot if time and space critiquing every little plot point in this movie . Suffice to say that if you are bothered by a movie set in Medieval times having references to modern pop culture or by having ' 70 's rock music play , this is not the movie for you . However , if you can keep an open mind , this movie encompasses these things very well . A Knight 's Tale is a terrific blend of drama , humor -LRB- lots of it actually -RRB- , honor , and a little bit of old-fashioned romance . Admittedly , the romance in this is not even close to the best cinema has ever offered , but it is passable and hardly the best part of the movie . The scenes between Heath Ledger -LRB- William -RRB- and his band of -LRB- somewhat -RRB- misfits is what makes this movie so special . The characters -LRB- for the most part -RRB- are so richly created that you find any scene in this movie a worthwhile one.I do not want to give away too much of the plot . But I will comment that this movie has great humor and some truly moving moments as well . While it has action with the jousting , it is never overtly violent or bloody . The sex and bad language are kept at a minimum and this still manages to be an entertaining romp for the whole family !
 Did n't realize until later that the man character was the same dude off of 10 things I hate about you ... that works.I loved the prince scene at the joisting match . Two men seeking to fulfill their personal dreams yet always being stifled due to some stupid restriction and in the end these positions that once burdened them turned out to be their saving grace.I enjoyed the love affair between William and the lady , it showed the fact that a beautiful woman can be portrayed as loving and REAL . The film was a great bargain . It was a great movie to watch with your teen daughter ... lots of laughs and I would watch it again just to see SIIIIIIIIRRRRRRRRRR William !
 I really enjoyed this film ! It was fun and had great action scenes . It was like having the Renaissance Festival right in your living room . My 4 year old son liked it too -LRB- not as much as The Mummy though -RRB- . I highly recommend this to anyone who wants a good laugh , a little romance and a happy ending !
 I was n't expecting to enjoy this `` guy '' movie . It was GREAT !
 I thought the movie was great . The way that they modernized the movie a little to make it more relatable was a great touch . Helgeland was able to take a movie that otherwise would be `` stiff '' , and make it into a comedic/dramatic/romantic movie all together.The actors were wonderful , however I think that Jocelyn -LRB- newcomer Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- was a little too modern for me . Other than that this is a great movie and deserves the two hours that you will spend watching it .
 I did n't really know what to expect when my girlfriend practically forced me to sit down and watch this with her . I had seen the previews and was n't really interested , but I capitulated . Wow , am I glad that I did ! There are so many ways a movie like this can go wrong and ruin itself , and so few ways it can hit on all cylinders and be one to enjoy . Well , this one hit just about every note right -LRB- to my delighted surprise -RRB- . I think the plot has been gone over quite well by my fellow reviewers , so I 'll just jot down here things I thought stood out in the movie . The cast was absolutely perfect for this movie . The chemistry between all the players is as good as you 'll see on screen . The interaction between William and Jocelyn is real and beleivable and the hilarious interaction between Wat , Chaucer , and Roland is comic genius . Others have chosen to highlight Laura Fraser 's -LRB- Kate -RRB- and Paul Bettany 's -LRB- Chaucer -RRB- performances , but I could n't help but crack a grin every time Wat -LRB- Alan Tudyk -RRB- opened his mouth . I also thought the use of classic rock would bring the film down , but it actually fits the mood they create perfectly . I could n't imagine it without the music now.The story is very formulaic and predictable , but you 'll be having such a good time , you wo n't much care .
 Some nudity and adult themes . Also there are a coupe parts that seem a little corny , like a modern dance scene in medieval Europe does get a bit much , but all in all the story is pretty sound and is well told . If you have a DVD player , get the DVD version , it tells you much more about the production of the movie , that you might not get out of a video .
 It 's fun , it 's witty , action , adventure , comedy ... And let the credits roll , it 's worth the wait .
 This movie was totally awesome . Heath Ledger is such a hunk and was too good for words in this movie . Your crazy if you do n't go and see it . There should definetley be a sequel !
 Amazing jousting battles with an interesting and complicated story . There 's also an unexpected twist in the Director 's choice of using modern music and nuances to invoke the emotional responses appropriate to the time period of the story using things from our time period.Definately add this one to your collection .
 Simone North has written and directed this film which opens with the statement ` The is a true story ' of a kidnapping and murder of a 15 year old girl in Australia . North tells her story quietly until the brutality intercepts the horror of the incident reported
 IF I COULD GIVE THIS 10 STARS I SOOOOOOO WOULD ! MY TODDLER ABSOLUTELY LOVES WATCHING THIS DVD ! ITS VERY EDUCATIONAL , SHE 'S LEARNING HER NUMBERS QUICKLY , AND I HEAR HER SAYING THEM EVERYDAY ! I 100 % RECOMMEND GETTING THIS DVD FOR YOUR TODDLER YOU WILL BE PLEASED , HECK I EVEN ENJOY WATCHING IT WITH HER LOL , THE SONGS ARE FUN AND CATCHY ! SHE WATCHES IT AT NIGHT BEFORE BED , AND SOMETIMES IN THE MORNING WHEN SHE WAKES UP , SHE KNOWS WHEN IT 'S TIME TO WATCH IT BC SHE 'LL GO JUMP IN THE ROCKN RECLINER WE SIT IN AND PATIENTLY WAIT FOR HER MOVIE TO START , THAT IS THE MOST STILL I EVER SEE MY LIL JUMPN BEAN ! THANKS LEAP FROG FOR MAKING THIS DVD ! AND THANK YOU AMAZON FOR SELLING IT !
 I have seen a dramatic improvement in my 26 month old son as it relates to counting from 1-10 ! Yes , he now counts from 1-10 . He is so confident , that he shouts aloud . He loves the characters Scout , Violet and Max . The songs are very contagious too . It 's quite a family affair when Number land is on .
 My two kids enjoy watching this over and over again . They have learned a lot from watching the Leap Frog DVDs . They are very focused while watching . I would give it a two thumbs up .
 My daughter learned all her letters and sounds at 19 months watching Letter Factory once a day for 3 weeks so I was interested in getting her a number video . I rented Numbers Ahoy to see what I thought since it had mixed reviews . I was n't impressed as it 's mostly about plot and little about counting or numbers but Numberland is much more focused on numbers and counting . We 've had it less than a week and she 's already starting to count things and she 's only 20 months old ! It 's basic only focusing on numbers -LRB- 1-10 -RRB- , counting , and a little skip counting but simple and focused is what works at a young age . Might not be as helpful for a 3 or 4 year old who can already count . As a bonus there 's a vowel song from one of the other Leapfrog videos at the end as an advertisement and my daughter loves the song !
 My boys love Leapfrog products and the few letter DVDs we have seen from Leapfrog , so I figured this DVD would be a hit as well . `` Numberland '' is a DVD that features the fun characters from Leapfrog products , but also numbers 1-10 . It is a perfect first counting DVD for kids to learn from and it fits nicely with the other Leapfrog products . Throughout the DVD the numbers 1-10 are repeated and re-arranged over and over , but not in a boring way . The DVD makes kids think too because it puts the numbers in different orders , has them answer which number is missing and so forth . The animation is bright , colorful and kid-friendly . While this DVD is only 35 minutes , my boys do n't mind watching it over and over again ! The DVD states its for 2-6 year olds , and my boys are 3 and 5 and love it .
 This is a numbers video for ages 2-5 years with the Leapfrog dogs -- Scout and Violet ! My 2 year old daughter and 4 year old son absolutely love this video . They have watched it a bunch of times now , totally glued . They sing along with it now too . It does a great review of counting to 10 , counting by 2 's , and counting different objects .
 Leap Frog is an excellent toy company . All of their products are well made and educational . Our two year old son loves Scout . He has a Scout `` leap `` top , a Scout stuffed animal , a Scout Tag Jr. reader , and all of the Scout apps available on iTunes . When I saw this video was available , I figured he might like it.He does n't just like it , he LOVES it ! It is an excellent video . We do not allow our son to watch TV shows or movies that are n't educational . However , many of the education videos and shows out there can be boring . This video satisfies both mom and dad and the kiddo ! The songs are cute and catchy -LRB- we all find ourselves singing them ! -RRB- , and our son can actually count items -LRB- so , for example , if he sees 3 blocks , he can count them , saying `` One block , two blocks , three blocks ! '' How many two year olds can count ?! -RRB- He can also count by twos . He learned those concepts from this video.To the parents who complain about the songs being cheesy , well , what do you expect ? Its a kid 's video . The songs are cheesy , yes , but cheese works . Yes , they get stuck in your head ... but they get stuck in your child 's head too , and is n't that the point ?
 I bought this for my 2 year old son . He loves watching it , and usually requests that I play it over and over until it is his bedtime . This film has quality animation , and offers an excellent learning experience . I think that they took the right approach when they created this film . My wife and I have purchased a lot of Leap Frog products , and I have yet to be disappointed by any of them ; and neither has my 2 year old . We 've also bought the alphabet version of this series too . I 'd recommend this for any young child . Watching this over and over allows them entertainment and a great basic education . They repeat the numbers over and over and give my son a chance to keep up and realize what 's going on at all times .
 This is a great DVD to teach your child numbers . It is repetitive in that they go over th numbers a lot of times and it sticks with you . The characters are all cute , but the only thing I do n't get is Max , the monkey . Why did they think it was necessary to have this monkey -LRB- who hardly looks like a monkey in my opinion -RRB- with an English accent I am not sure . Are they trying to tech 2-year olds that people have different accents and come from different countries , if so , I think it is a little too early and maybe somewhat confusing to the child . Nevertheless . this is a minor remark that I have but I love the DVD format and songs and my daughter likes it too .
 I have never not liked anything made by leapfrog . My son learned to count , recognize numbers , recognized letters and there sounds by age 2 with leapfrog !!! They are entertaining and educational !!!
 one year old and a three year old child are watching it well every day.It is a terribly good DVD .
 18-months old , and in one week we already see improvement in our godson . I would really recommend ths for your toddler .
 As a Child Development teacher , I felt this video was very child-friendly and my students were very attentive to it . The voice for one of the characters is almost piercing , but that would only affect adults ... . I would highly recommend it for pre-K teachers to enhance number knowledge .
 My 3 year old likes this movie a lot because she really likes puppies but I have noticed that she knows her numbers a lot better because of it too .
 Most of the Leap Frog learning videos are great for the kids . I highly recommend them . The kids love to watch them and I love that they are learning good things at the same time .
 My 2 year old son loves this dvd . The songs are catchy and very engaging . This has really helped him to learn his numbers from 1 to 10 .
 It takes something catchy to keep my twin boys interested . The songs are just that . I ca n't stop singing them too . My twins went from showing very little interest in numbers to counting from 1 - 10 in less than 2 weeks ! FANTASTIC !
 My two and a half year old loves loves this DVD ! He has it memorized already . The songs are really cute and I like it as much as the letter factory DVD .
 Both my children struggle with there numbers . It has been extremely flustrating as a parent . I read the review and thought this might be to young for my 5 and 6 year old . This is helping them learn there numbers . Leap frogs video 's help them learn basic that I have taught but is not being absorbed . I am happy with this video its cute .
 My daughter really enjoyed this video , it had taught her so much , she is only 18 months and counts to 20 ! It was shipped fast also !
 I 'm the type of dad that buys his son toys & learning items that are just above the recommended age . It has paid off in spades . My son grows into learning the toys or videos . His ability to master them is above average . That is not said to boast . That is said to promoted Leapfrog 's DVD 's . My son just turned two . He is growing up in a Bi-Lingual family which can cause a delay in actual speaking of words -LRB- not speech recognition -RRB- . So I purchased this DVD and others to replace the Pixar movies he spent time watching . I have to say they are a classroom @ home . He sits , transfixed and is attempting his best to speak what he hears & sees in Leapfrog 's DVD 's . When he knows a Leapfrog DVD is coming on , he rushes to ` his seat ' to watch -LRB- bottle in hand -RRB- . When it ends , he hands me the remote to re-start the DVD.I would highly recommend these products .
 This was recommended by my grand daughter 's teacher to help her recognize numbers . It appears to work as advertized . We have seen good results .
 My daughter loves this show !! I purchased this for my Kindle . She watches it while I shop , go to lunch with friends , and while she 's riding in the back seat . So Awesome !!
 Great DVD tool to help children learn ! Amazing price was able to get way more than I thought I was going to get for her . Great value for such amazing dvd 's . Would recommend product to anyone looking for a gift to get a teacher for her class .
 This movie is great . My 2 year old girl loves it !! We first saw them on Netflix and she was obsessed over the Phonics Farm . -LRB- She calls it `` ABC 's '' -RRB- Then I got this one and now she 's obsessed with `` numbers '' . She can say the Vowels and numbers easy because of this.Penny 's voice is kinda annoying , I wish they did n't automatically use high pitched voices for kids . But that does n't affect my review . She loves it , it 's educational , and has great songs !! I recommend this to anyone with a toddler !
 My 3 year old grandson has a great time with the Numberland . It teaches him co-ordination as well as his numbers .
 My 2 year-old absolutely LOVES this DVD . She did n't respond to it the 1st time she saw it but by the 2nd time , she was hooked . The songs are super cute and catchy and its an awesome way to learn numbers .
 Awesome ! Kids ca n't stop watching . Will take into Kindergarten years . Fun , and easy to follow story that kids love.Great price , and fast shipping
 Leapfrog videos are awesome for learning and are also so entertaining for my little one that he does n't even know that he 's learning ! This one will have him counting in no time !
 Yes , buy the videos they are worth it !! My grandchildren love them they learned it in 1 day !! get them !!
 adorable ! it 's entertaining and educational . includes a bonus about vowel sounds that describes how they make more than one sound .
 My little one love Violet and when I got her this dvds from leapfrog she was so excited to see violet on TV . I wanted to introduce her to numbers and this dvd do a good job at it for number 1 to 10 .
 I needed something to keep my 22 month old busy while I packed for a move , and after reading so much about how great Letter Factory was for learning letters and sounds , I searched Netflix for any leapfrog videos . Numberland was one of four that were available . Well , like others have said , my son wanted me to play this -LRB- and The Amazing Alphabet Amusement Park -RRB- over and over . Within a couple weeks , my son knew numbers 1-10 -LRB- and all his letters from The Amazing Alphabet Amusement Park -RRB- , and was calling them out where ever we were . He still asks to watch it a few times a week , and its one of the very few things that I do n't mind him watching . I highly recommend this video .
 I always hate those reviews where people do n't actually remark thoughtfully on the product . So I 'll start by saying that my son likes it , it captures his attention , the numbers are well described and illustrated since each number is seen visually associated with his humber of objects . However , the story line starts off with Scout & co passing by a monkey walking down the road with a sob story about his ride breaking down . Not to be a super jaded adult , but for the first 15min of me watching this grifter sitting in their car , I kept thinking - he 's totally going to scam them , who is this suspicious monkey by himself on the road ? yeah , very likely his bus broke down , what , was I born yesterday ? But no , it ends up being legit - he 's the driver of the bus that carries the numbers around , and in fact it 's his birthday that we end up celebrating later . But I just find it weird having a story line where we talk to strangers and give them a ride in our car ... I 'm sorry I 'm such a suspicious individual , I live in LA , I ca n't help it ...
 I am absolutely in love with the Letter Factory video and I was hoping for more of the same in this video . This is a great video that gives the kids practice in counting in order and recognizing their numbers . Cute video with little catchy songs , but I wish that they had a little song that went along with the counting in order though because the kids do so well with that . In fact , they keep singing the counting by twos ditty that is at the end of the video because it is catchy . I do n't really care for that add-in . Let us get down counting 1-100 before we jump into concepts like that . The kids really like it and it definitely lives up to the Leap Frog name !
 This is a great video , my 2 year old daughter enjoys it . Leap Frog has really good educational DVDs , my 3 children have enjoyed many of these , they do not disappoint .
 I purchased this video to help my 3 year old autistic son learn his written numerals . It honestly has not helped him as much as the talking letters factory . My 2 year old autistic daughter however really benefited from it ! I do think that throwing the counting by 2 's in there is mildly confusing at this stage . My daughter went through a few weeks of counting things by 2 's but not actually grouping them in 2 's . She should have been rote counting but was getting confused . Great video overall and will continue to show it to my children .
 I ordered this for my two and three year old grandchildren and they love it . It is well organized and clever .
 Great opportunity for children to learn while having fun . Catchy tunes that the kids love to sing along with . EXCEPTIONAL : !
 My son loves scout so much and i think this is very helpful with his counting even though he is 2 . The songs of the numbers get stuck in your head and on long car trips we use all the leap frog dvd 's to sing to and do n't even need a cd for it cause we know the songs .
 Very entertaining and educational for my 2 year old son . He wanted to watch it over and over again . Leap Frog never disappoints !
 The 1935 comedy A NIGHT AT THE OPERA is a grab bag of a movie that includes physical gags , verbal gags , a romantic subplot , backstage intrigue , an operatic aria , an elaborate dance number , stunts , absurdity , and sentimentality . The main attraction is , of course , the patented zaniness of The Marx Brothers -- the acerbic Groucho , the mute Harpo , and the dim-witted Chico -- whose unique brand of comedy is often edgy , subversive , and even surreal and other-worldly . Count me as one of those who thinks that such style of comedy loses some edge in A NIGHT AT THE OPERA , where the comic trio seem out of place in a methodical plot , realistic settings , and among ordinary people . These mundane elements are also , surprisingly , engrossing enough to often upstage the comedians . Groucho 's usual anti-establishment stance also seems softened in order to give way to crowd-pleasing sentimentality . The Marx Brothers , like Jacques Tati , are creators of their own comic universes , and that 's where they need to inhabit , such as in the whimsical delight DUCK SOUP , the Brothers ' previous film , where their presence is more dominant . With that said , A NIGHT AT THE OPERA does have some of most memorable gags in the Brothers ' history . A verbal confusion with Santa Claus , a tiny room cramped with 15 people , mixing opera with baseball , and Harpo 's stunts with the ropes are some of the highlights.The new Warner DVD of A NIGHT AT THE OPERA is encoded for Region 1 and 4 , and has a cleaner video transfer than I expected considering the age of the film . Obviously , a video restoration has been done , as were the cases for many of recent Warner DVDs of old movies . The original mono audio is fine , save for some age-related hisses in the background . There are some jarring momentary losses of frames in a few places , such as in the scene of Groucho riding a carriage early in the movie . However , I noticed these `` jumps '' in older video versions as well . Both English subtitles and closed captioning are present for the film 's dialogs . The lyrics to the songs `` Alone '' and Cosi-Cosa '' are also captioned , but not subtitled . During the Verdi opera sequence , the caption simply says '' -LSB- Singing in Italian -RSB- . '' French and Spanish subtitles are also provided , but , of course , many of the wordplays are simply lost in translation -LRB- `` C'est ce qu'on appelle une clause ` sanitaire ' . '' -RRB- None of the supplements on the disc are subtitled or captioned , however.Leonard Maltin provides an engaging and informative audio commentary for the film . He points out that the film was cut for its 1948 re-release -LRB- the version used for this DVD -RRB- in order to remove all references to Italy , which fought against America in WWII . The original opening was supposed to be a musical number showing people in Milan singing , thereby establishing the setting of the film . Although wishing to avoid analyzing the film , Maltin does try to elucidate some of the ingenious touches in the comical gags . In the famous stateroom scene , he points out the way Groucho talks at just the right moments and all the people seem oblivious to the situation are what make the scene funny . He praises the great pantomimic skills of Harpo , and thoughtfully suggests that although he might have been a great silent film star , his talent really belongs in a sound world . He gives his thoughts on Chico 's patently fake Italian accent . He also laments that in the age of political correctness , Marx Brothers ' films may seem pass&eacute; . He says although there seems to be improvisations , the dialogs are often so intricately constructed that improvisations are often not possible . He also recounts a few anecdotes , such as the Brothers ' showing up naked in producer Irving Thalberg 's office at one time.The disc includes a typical half-hour making-of featurette `` Remarks on Marx , which is interesting , for me , mainly for the few minutes of appearance by Kitty Carlisle , who recalls how she was originally not allowed to sing with her voice . A 20-minute musical short from 1937 , `` Sunday Night at the Trocadero , '' is included , and it features performances by Connee Boswell , The Brian Sisters , George Hamilton and his `` Music Box Music '' Orchestra , and a cameo by Groucho . The audio quality is so poor on this piece that I can only hear every other word . An amusing ten-minute short `` How to Sleep '' from 1935 , starring Robert Benchley , is also present , as well as the theatrical trailer for A NIGHT AT THE OPERA . There is also a 5-minute TV appearance by Groucho in which he also recalls the naked incident in Thalberg 's office .
 Many have argued that A NIGHT AT THE OPERA is the Marx Brother 's finest film , pointing out that it combined the best of the Brother 's comedy with the biggest and boldest in MGM production values . Personally , while I really like the film , I would n't quite put it in the top slot . Any of the sequences containing the Marx Brothers themselves are gold , but I find that I 'm not as enamored with the romantic subplot and singing as other reviewers have been -LRB- notably Leonard Maltin in this DVD 's commentary -RRB- . Still , arguing about which one of the fine films is actually the best is a little pointless . This is a great movie , regardless with how it compares to the others.The biggest thing this film has going for it -LRB- outside of the wonderful Marx Brothers themselves , of course -RRB- is the big production values that MGM splashed out on . I have mixed feelings about this . On the one hand , it 's nice to have some great big sets for the Brothers to clown around in -LRB- Harpo 's stunt double swinging through the rafters is great -RRB- , but all things considered , I think I prefer the tongue-in-cheek send-up of the big dance numbers -LRB- as done in DUCK SOUP -RRB- to the production dances which are played straight here.Margaret Dumont is underused , which is a shame since her dignified outrage usually accounted for big laughs . She gets a good scene at the beginning , and a handful of opportunities to look indignant later in the film , but she is n't the constant presence that she had been in other films.Still , while I can pick out a few flaws here and there , this is overall a hilarious and fun movie . Much of what is considered classic Marx Brothers material is from this film
 If you can ignore some of the unmemorable songs and scenes between the two romantic leads in this movie then you are in for a great movie . The brothers are still in top form in this movie even without Zeppo . It would have been nice to have him in here instead of his replacement as the straight man . But this is still top of the line Marx Brothers . You get them on land and sea and land again . There is more of a plot to constrain them than in their earlier movies , but when they take over the scene you 're once again in their zany universe of humor for the sake of humor . There are so many great scenes in here that you 'll forget about the few ones without the brothers that slow down the movie . I guess the studio people forced them to throw in those scenes that moved the superfluous romantic subplot along . Just sit back and enjoy them all crowded into that stateroom or the radio interview or wreaking havoc at the opera at the end . The magic is still there .
 According to film lore , Louis B. Mayer -LRB- head of M.G.M. film studios -RRB- loathed the Marx Brothers and particularly disliked this film , which takes aim at the high-class world of opera -- a world Mayer believed should be sancrosact.Although the film lacks the hard-edged hysteria of earlier Marx Brothers films made a Paramount , it does benefit from a solid dose of M.G.M. gloss
 On the one hand I want to say that I think `` A Night at the Opera '' is the greatest Marx Brothers comedy because their peculiar brand of lunacy works better when given a real world target such as Opera than in the fantasy land of Freedonia in `` Duck Soup . '' On the other hand I want to say that I think `` A Night at the Opera '' has more funny stuff in it than `` Duck Soup . '' I do not even want to begin to get into any consideration of what difference the retirement of Zeppo meant in all this . I just want to laugh my head off.Groucho is Otis P. Driftwood , too busy trying to fleece Mrs. Claypool -LRB- Margaret Dumont -RRB- to waste time running an Opera Company . Harpo is Tomasso , the much abused valet to the pompous tenor Rudolpho Lassparri -LRB- Walter Woolf King -RRB- , while Chico is Fiorello , self-appointed agent for the unknown but talent young singer Ricardo Baroni -LRB- Allan Jones -RRB- , who is in love with Rosa Castaldi -LRB- Kitty Carlisle -RRB- . When Groucho loses his job to stuffed shirt Herman Gottlieb -LRB- Sig Ruman -RRB- , it is up to the Marx Brothers to restore order and sanity to the universe.In terms of classic comic routines `` A Night at the Opera '' gives you -LRB- 1 -RRB- the Stateroom scene with all those people -LRB- and do n't forget the hardboiled eggs -RRB- ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- Groucho and Chico discussing the clauses in a contract -LRB- including the Sanity Clause -RRB- ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- Chico and Harpo working `` Take Me Out to the Ballgame '' into the overture of the opera -LRB- get your peanuts -RRB- ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- a dinner date between Groucho and Margaret Dumont -LRB- looking at him is the price you have to pay -RRB- ; and -LRB- 5 -RRB- Chico the Russian aviator explaining how they flew across the Atlantic Ocean in a boat -LRB- always remember to take enough gas or else you will have to turn back -RRB- . There are more-you now Chico plays the piano , Harpo plays the harp , and Groucho deflates a pompous windbag at some point -- but I want to talk about other things now.I think the person who really helps sell this film is Kitty Carlisle . In every Marx brother movie there are the boys , there is Margaret Dumont as the foil , and then there are the young boy and girl who sing their way into your hearts . Carlisle and Jones -LRB- the only boy singer to appear in more than one Marx Brothers movie -RRB- are clearly the best pair to ever take on these thankless roles . The boys clearly like her and take her seriously , which she does in return , giving `` A Night at the Opera '' a sense of heart . This does not happen in Marx Brothers movies -LRB- compare it to the campy efforts of the young lovers in `` Animal Crackers '' -RRB- . On top of all this , Carlisle and Jones can sing and their duet from the end of Il Travatore is much better than all the sappy songs that the lovers usually sing in these films . `` A Night at the Opera '' is directed by Sam Wood -LRB- who would later spend some time directing scenes on that `` Gone With the Wind '' film you hear so much about -RRB- . James Kevin McGuineess receives story credit but the key thing is that George S. Kaufman had a major hand in the script -LRB- until it ended up in the hands of the actors of course -RRB- . Notes
 `` A Night at the Opera '' was released on DVD back in the late 90s by Image . Image had licensed the film from WB , and once that licence expired the disc was pulled . Since then that OOP DVD has fetched in the hundreds on Ebay . Finally WB has released it as a special edition.Extra features are as follows : Commentary by Leonard MaltinAll-New Documentary `` Remarks On Marx `` The Hy Gardner Show -LRB- 1/1/61 -RRB- excerpt featuring Groucho MarxTheatrical TrailerThree Vintage MGM Shorts : Fitzpatrick Traveltalk 's Los Angeles
 To me this is the very best Marx Brother 's comedy , hands down . I love their antics as usual , but what they do to the opera `` Il Trovatore '' makes me laugh just as hard now as it did the very first time I saw this film . Being an opera fan makes this movie even funnier , although you do n't need to like opera to love `` A Night at the Opera '' . There are so many high points of this film that space would not permit . One of my other favorite moments occurs when the Marx Brothers are hiding in a small cabin aboard an oceanliner , I wo n't spoil it for you - it 's precious ! A masterpiece of comedy from my favorite trio . FINALLY , all the Marx Brother comedies are available on DVD !!
 A Marx Brothers ' movie for me is never about the plot . The plot is just the connective tissue used to get from one outrageous comedy piece to another . It 's the pieces themselves that carry the weight of the picture . And my-oh-my are the pieces here astounding.Everyone points to the stateroom scene , and justifiably so . It 's the epitome of the Marx Brothers ' style
 When the Marx Brothers shifted from Paramount Pictures to MGM , they had been in decline at the box-office and they were worried . Their new producer , the boy-wonder and ueber-mogul , Irving Thalberg , told them that their next film , `` A Night at the Opera '' , would have half as many laughs and make twice as much money . He was right.Fans of the Marx Brothers are split as to whether the carefully crafted `` A Night at the Opera '' is better than or inferior to the manic and chaotic Paramount features . I find myself in full agreement with the two most knowledgeable Marx Brothers fans of them all , Groucho and Harpo . Both say in print that `` A Night at the Opera '' is the best film they ever made.The Marx Brothers spent the first half of their careers in small-time vaudeville . In fact they never made it into the big-time vaudeville circuit with such mega-stars as W.C. Fields , Eddy Cantor and Fanny Brice . Being the Marx Brothers , they made the wildly unlikely jump from vaudeville obscurity to Broadway hit with a show called -LRB- for no good reason that Groucho could ever recall -RRB- `` I 'll Say She Is '' . Their next hit show was `` The Coconuts '' , which Paramount filmed during the day in New Jersey while they performed at night on New York 's Great White Way.The Brothers never forgot or lost faith in their vaudeville roots . They did not create their comedy , they forged it before live audiences , seeking shades of nuance or timing by direct experience . In the expansive Hollywood of Thalberg 's day , MGM not only understood the Brothers ' ways , it put them on the road to test out their comic paces . Many years ago , when this film first showed up on televison , my father told me that he had seen the Brothers do the stateroom scene at -LRB- I think -RRB- the Golden Gate Theater in San Francisco . He remarked that the staged scene had been rather different from the filmed version . Alas , I did not think to ask him what the differences were . Ah , well , I was young and foolish then.So much for the Marx Brothers , now to the opera part of `` A Night at the Opera '' . Believe it or not , much of the material in the movie is not all that exaggerated : - Lassparri , the tenor-villain is portrayed as a self-centered womanizer . In our own time , a rather well-known tenor has certainly been accused of treating female choristers as though they were part of his harem . - Famous soprano A , not so many years ago , famously ejected slightly less famous soprano B from her assigned dressing room at the Metropolitan Opera because B 's room was a few steps closer to the stage than A 's . - The wonderful Margaret Dumont portrays Mrs. Claypool as a wealthy woman who turns her money into artistic clout and becomes the object of pursuit by both charlatan -LRB- Groucho -RRB- and impresario -LRB- Sig Ruman -RRB- . The old Metropolitan Opera House was originally built because the previous building did not have the requisite number of boxes to seat all the aspiring Mrs. Claypools in sufficient glory . - The misadventures of Sig Ruman 's choleric impresario are not so very different from those of Giulio Gatti-Cazzaza , general manager of the Metropolitan Opera during the glory days of Caruso , McCormack and Ferrar . The latter two , for example , were often profitably teamed by Gatti-Cazzaza as the doomed lovers in `` Carmen '' , despite the inconvenient fact that they actively despised each other . And Gatti-Cazzaza had it easy in comparison with the fabulously harried Colonel Mapleson , who spent years on the road with troupe after troupe of operatic misfits and oddballs.Kitty Carlisle , who plays Rosa , was actually a star of middling magnitude at the Met . As movie actors go , she sings extraordinarily well , although I would not have cast her as the formidable Leonora in `` Il trovatore '' -LSB- note the correct spelling and capitalization , you non-opera fans . -RSB- Kitty Carlisle Hart is one of those wonderful creatures whose existence has made the world a better place . When last I caught sight of her , she was as radiant as ever and had become in the real artistic life of New York what Mrs. Claypool had only aspired to.Allan Jones -LRB- father of crooner Jack Jones -RRB- was a tenorish baritone or maybe a baritonal tenor whose real strength was in operetta . He gets through what are , in fact , the relatively easy portions of the killer role of Manrico with considerable grace.Some Amazon reviewers have indulged in hand-wringing about all the music introduced into the film at the expense of the Brothers . Except for the operatic material , Kitty Carlisle 's only song is a pleasant operetta-ish duet with Jones called `` Alone '' . Jones has just one more , `` Cosi Cosa '' , a big song and dance production number filled with comic bits for the Brothers.Finally , the opera : `` Il trovatore '' is recognized by opera buffs as simultaneously one of the most thrilling masterpieces ever composed and one of the silliest things ever to be put on stage -- all this before the Marx Brothers ever took a hand . Without the Marxist interpretation , the `` Il trovatore '' production shown on the screen would probably have been rated as pretty good with an adequate -LRB- but no more -RRB- soprano , excellent production values for the gypsy chorus scene and a crackling good tenor -- not Jones but the villain , Lassparri . I 've never been able to find out who he was , but whoever dubbed in the singing voice of Lassparri was a tenor of the first rank . -LRB- Aureliano Pertile , maybe ? -RRB- I am always a little disappointed that when he storms back onto the stage to make a comeback , he is booed off before he gets out more than the words `` Mal reggendo -- `` Thalberg knew his business . The Marxes knew theirs . This is their joint masterpiece and one of the greatest comedies ever made.HONK ! -- and two boiled eggs .
 What is there to say about a comedy classic ? A NIGHT AT THE OPERA -LRB- 1935 -RRB- is great , a real treat to be savored each and every time one watches it . Although brother Zeppo is missed -LRB- he 'd retired from acting to become an agent -RRB- , I do enjoy handsome Allan Jones as male love interest . As a child , his `` Donkey Serenade `` was a favorite of mine . What a lovely operatic-quality voice this man had!Kitty Carlisle -LRB- Hart -RRB- , however is another story . She seems even in her youth to exude an unapproachable upper class snobbery that really chills a viewer . It 's no surprise to me that Miss C. 's miniscule screen career went cold after this movie , and she only made one more appearance almost a decade later , again with Jones , in a now-forgotten UNIVERSAL programmer called LARCENY WITH MUSIC -LRB- 1943 -RRB- . It would be nearly a half-century before Kitty acted again in film , this time for Woody Allen 's private nostalgia trip , RADIO DAYS -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , and finally inSIX DEGREES OF SEPARATION -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , a biopic starring Will Smith in which she 's seen as a party hostess.Director Sam Wood , who was no stranger to comedy , beginning in 1939 worked on a number of great dramas , among themGOODBYE MR. CHIPS -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , GONE WITH THE WIND -LRB- uncredited -RRB- -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , OUR TOWN -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , KITTY FOYLE -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , KING 'S ROW -LRB- 1942 -RRB- , THE PRIDE OF THE YANKEES -LRB- 1942 -RRB- andFOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS -LRB- 1943 -RRB- . But back to the Marx boys . Portions of this picture , the stateroom scene for example , were road-tested before filming as a way to rehearse and tighten their routines . InTHE MARX BROTHERS IN A NUTSHELL , Groucho 's TV quiz show announcer George Fenneman fondly recalls seeing one such stage show . Clearly this concept worked , for the motion picture 's comic scenes sparkle with perfection . They do n't get any better than A NIGHT AT THE OPERA , folks . Highest possible recommendation !
 When the Marx Brothers came to MGM in 1935 , boy wonder producer Irving Thalberg had the good commercial sense to package them in a genuine musical comedy . Their anarchic comedy may have been slightly better served in some earlier Paramount comedies but never were they better showcased than here , their most popular film because of the balance of entertainment on offer and the quality of the production values provided by MGM , the Rolls Royce of film studios at the time.For those who know the Marx Brothers , there is little to say . Furthermore , there are lots of excellent Amazon reviews which can fill you in . For young people who may not know the team , do yourself a favour and have a look . You may baulk at the love interest sub plot and the music but do n't miss some of the very best comedy ever - the stateroom sequence is as hilarious today as it was when it first appeared . The Brothers were specialists at sending up pomposity and convention and setting them among the New York Opera set was a great idea.This DVD is a comprehensive package . The weakest aspect is that typical of the MGM films which appear on DVD , it has not been restored and is grainy and dirty in parts . Also , there are clearly a few places where the film splicing is less than perfect with jumps in the continuity.The extras , however , are excellent . Leonard Maltin provides a beautifully paced commentary , confining his comments to suitable background information and the sheer pleasure at the delights on view . It was particularly interesting to learn that the film was cut when it was reissued during World War 2 when every reference to Italy was removed . I have never understood why the film starts so abruptly and now I do . I ca n't help but hope that the cut footage may one day re-appear . An adequate documentary is included , the best of which has clips of Kitty Carlisle Hart who played the romantic lead . Ms Hart was a very elegant elderly woman with excellent memories of the film and its subsequent elevation to genuine classic - delightful . Dom Deluise appears too and he is embarassing . The DVD also includes a Robert Benchley short which is droll and amusing and an Oscar winner . The other short is a promotion for the Trocadero restaurant and it is worth seeing singer Connie Boswell but the rest is awful . Last of all , there is a portion of a TV interview with Groucho in which he tells my favourite Marx Brothers story . Do n't miss it.This is an good package of a timeless comedy but the print should have been restored .
 I happened to catch this on tv the other day and I thought it was pretty good . Groucho Marx is extremely funny ! I need to see more of his material eventually , but that 's another story for another time . Groucho plays Otis B. Driftwood , which was used in Rob Zombie 's ` The Devil 's Rejects ' Groucho , Harpo , and Chico screw up an opera until Riccardo and Rosa become known . If you love classic comedy , you 'll love A NIGHT AT THE OPERA !!!
 The opera finale is the greatest comic scene ever put on film . Throughout , all aspects of human activity are reduced to absurdist rubble by the brothers . Economically told with musical scenes that are well integrated . Pay close attention to Groucho 's sexual innuendo throughout .
 Certainly one of the finest Marx Brothers comedies , which are themselves among the finest Hollywood productions , with script by George S. Kaufmann . The three characters are admirably seconded by Margaret Dumont , the unflappable grande dame , and the great character actor , Herbert Gottlieb . Kitty Carlisle -LSB- Hart -RSB- and Allan Jones do a wonderful duet ALONE.It is no wonder that T.S.Eliot , when he met Groucho , could only talk about this film .
 A Night At The Opera is indeed one of the greatest films starring The Marx Brothers . The plot moves along at a good pace ; the acting is convincing and the gags are timed to perfection . The actors are well cast and the script shines . Harpo Marx even does his own stunts ! Who could ask for anything more?The action begins presumably in Italy or somewhere in Europe when Otis B. Driftwood -LRB- Groucho Marx -RRB- has increasing difficulty mooching off a wealthy older woman named Mrs. Claypool -LRB- Margaret Dumont -RRB- . Driftwood is supposed to introduce Mrs. Claypool to high society ; but all he ever actually does is take his paycheck and stall Mrs. Claypool . Mrs. Claypool is running out of patience ; she wants Driftwood to introduce her to high society now that her wealthy husband died and left her eight million dollars . -LRB- Why she does this four years after he died and not sooner is left unexplained . -RRB- Unfortunately , Otis Driftwood is great at cracking one liners at the expense of Mrs. Claypool -- that is , until Mrs. Claypool meets Herbert Gottlieb -LRB- Sig Ruman -RRB- . Eventually Mrs. Claypool is convinced to make a generous donation to an opera company also under the control of Herbert Gottlieb . They sail to New York with Gottlieb 's promise to Mrs. Claypool that his star tenor Rodolfo Lassparri -LRB- Walter Woolf King -RRB- will be a huge financial success . Then Mrs. Claypool will finally look wonderful in the eyes of high society -- and Gottlieb just might get his hands on Mrs. Claypool for her money.But complications arise
 This , the first and best of the team 's MGM releases , features more focus on plot , musical numbers and romance than their earlier , wonderfully pure Paramount outings , but the results are still first-rate , with a splashy MGM production and a well-balanced romantic subplot -LRB- featuring a lovely young Carlisle -RRB- complementing some of the team 's zaniest antics , including that immortal stateroom scene , and the impromptu baseball game during the opera .
 We 'll leave the `` which-is-the-best-Marx-brothers-movie '' argument to the philosophers . As a long-time Marx Brothers fans , my wife and I recently showed this to our 11 - and 9-year old children . We all loved it . My son was laughing so hard after the stateroom scene that we had to pause the DVD ... so he could race off to the bathroom ! ; - -RRB- My daughter enjoyed the whole movie , finding the scene in the apartment particularly hilarious.My wife and I laughed the entire time.Forget Shrek ... and Monster 's Inc ... and the kid 's movie du jour . For the real classics in humor , show your children A NIGHT AT THE OPERA .
 This is a review for the VHS tape of the MGM film of A NIGHT AT THE OPERA -LRB- 1935 -RRB- dby Sam Wood starring the Three Marx Brothers , Kitty Carlysle , Allen Jones , Walter Woolf King , Sig Ruman , Margaret Dumont.The Marx Brothers -- Groucho , Chico , and Harpo star in their most successful and in some minds , their best film . Produced by the legendary Irving Thalberg whose touch of genius was to lay on the schmaltz as thickly as possible and keep the brothers three under control as much possible , except for the comedy.And the comedy is the main reason most anyone would want to watch A NIGHT AT THE OPERA today . All three Marxes are at the top of their form with one famous scene after another , more than enough material to fill two movies for `` normal '' performers.Each time one of the brothers takes center stage I decide that he is really the best.The truth is all three were tops at what they did and in this film they had the likes of George S. Kaufman , Morrie Ryskin , Al Boasberg and even uncredited Buster Keaton , among others , building gags alongside the story for them.In A NIGHT AT THE OPERA the brothers become secondary characters when romance rears its romantic head and that , more than anything , kind of bothers me.Here 's where we need Zeppo , to carry the torch of Marxian romance and desire , just for the neatness of keeping it all in the family and to avoid having the brothers slip into becoming even for a few minutes , just an element of an ensemble cast.Another problem with A NIGHT AT THE OPERA is some of the scene transitions are kind of jerky if not downright abrupt , not what you 'd expect from MGM . Maybe the powers that be made some last minute cuts in the film and did not have the time to do a smooth editing job . If that 's true would n't be something to see those out takes?And finally , for years I have actively disliked the music in A NIGHT AT THE OPERA . But now that I have aged just a slight bit , I find it kind of pleasant and portions of it somewhat interesting . Also , as the years have passed , I have been able to forget TV 's `` To Tell The Truth '' or whatever quiz show Kitty Carlysle appeared on and now can appreciate her for the remarkable beauty and fine singer she really was . I wonder if Chico noticed.So , in my opinion , A NIGHT AT THE OPERA , a five star film , stands only slightly behind DUCK SOUP in the chorus line of high stepping Marx Brothers classics , which ai n't bad by anyone 's standards . '' With a Hey Non Nonny And a Hot Cha Cha . ''
 After 70 years , `` A Night At The Opera '' is still considered one of the finest comedy films ever made , and is often called the funniest film the Marx Brothers ever made ; there 's also a handful of fans who consider `` A Day At The Races '' to be the funnier of the two . Die-hard fans already have them both in the five-disc box set ; if you 've only got room on your shelf for one Marx Brothers film , this review should help you decide between the two.Both films were supervised by Hollywood genius Irving Thalberg , who realized that the Marx Brothers ' raucous style of humor was not enough to sell tickets ; it was his insistence on adding glamour and romance that made the films successful . Both films feature Allan Jones as the handsome singer who needs a break so he can marry his sweetheart . Both films feature Groucho and Chico as fast-talking con artists ; Groucho swindles Margaret Dumont while Chico swindles Groucho . Both films feature Harpo as a mischevious mute who is sadistically whipped by the villain . Both films end in surrealist chaos , devilishly orchestrated by the brothers Marx . Of course , all is forgiven before the closing credits roll.In `` Night '' , Margaret Dumont can barely tolerate Groucho 's incompetence ; in `` Day '' , she blindly ignores it because she 's in love with him , allowing him to get away with a lot more comic mischief . In `` Night '' , Allan Jones and Kitty Carlisle are both given ample time to sing , bringing the action to a halt ; in `` Day '' , Kitty is replaced by the non-singing Maureen O'Sullivan , a better actress who never wastes screen time with a sappy duet . In `` Day '' , the Marxes get revenge on crooks who want to fix a horserace and build a casino , in `` Night '' , they get revenge on a mean opera singer who wants to steal Allan 's girl , making him less of a villain and more of a pest . The songs in `` Night '' are far more tolerable than the music in `` Day '' , but let 's face it - the only songs you need in a Marx Brothers movie are the ones played on piano and harp.Extras on the `` Night '' disc include a witty essay on curing insomnia by humorist Robert Benchley , along with a Leonard Maltin commentary track . His remarks lack the spontaneity and informality of the commentary track for `` Day '' , suggesting that it was scripted by Maltin or his research staff . At one point , he suggests that sharp-eyed viewers may be able to spot the father of the Marx Brothers twice in one scene
 One of the greatest comedies of all time , A Night at the Opera is one of those films that just does n't get stale . It 's a movie that perfectly follows the Marx Brothers ' recipe for their trademark mayhem
 This is clearly the best marx brothers movie produced . With the assistance of Irving Thalberg producing , it is just an outstanding picture -- for those of us who love the humor of these three madmen -LRB- Zeppo not included -RRB- . Strongly , strongly recommended !!!!
 This classic comedy was left off of the first AFI Top 100 Film listing , but when they revoted ten years later they put the comedy on the list at spot # 85 . Enough people must have complained about it not making the list the first time ! This is definitely a movie that stands the test of time.Groucho , Chico , and Harpo are at their humorous best as they deal with tiny staterooms on a cruise , poke fun at everyone around them , and make beautiful music . As much as many people think of them as `` only '' comedians , A Night at the Opera showcases their musical talents . Harpo is a wonderful harpist -LRB- and that 's where his name comes from -RRB- . He 's also talented at the piano . Chico has good fingers on the piano as well.Long before Titanic , the Marx brothers were playing up the differences between upper class and lower class on a cruise ship . Where the upper class is sitting quietly and elegant tables , the lower class is singing , dancing , and having a delightful time . They 've got their Chianti-in-a-basket and mounds of spaghetti . Grocho and his crew clearly adore the down-to-earth Italians and poke fun at the black-suited opera goers in later scenes.While there are two main female characters in the movie , they 're really there to be either the `` silly rich woman '' or the `` innocent heroine '' . They barely get to talk . But that 's fairly typical for most movies of this age.Many movies age and fade over time . The Marx Brothers show that good comedy can remain entertaining for decades . And it 's a shame that legal contracts are , if anything , even far worse than they were in the times of the Marx Brothers ! To think the jokes they would make about our MODERN contracts :-RRB- . Well recommended
 The Marx Brothers gave me lifelong loves of wild comedy and opera with this film . I 've seen countless productions of Il Trovatore and still expect the overture to include `` Take Me out to the Ballgame . '' What a riot!Share it with someone you love .
 Though I do n't like `` A Night at the Opera '' as much as the Brothers ' `` Duck Soup '' and `` A Day at the Races '' -LRB- for some reason it feels too static to me , and a bit claustrophobic , like that famous state-room scene -RRB- , this is still a terrific film . In fact , to think that that state room scene is still a hoot almost 80 years later ! Amazing ! Anyone who 's a fan of the Marx 's -LRB- and even those who are n't -RRB- should have a blast with this film and the others mentioned above , what with the charming word play , and the endless chaotic shenanigans that are the hallmark of the boys known as Marx . -LRB- Btw , even with all the verbal linguistics going on , I always thought Harpo was the cutest of them all . -RRB- It 's a pity we do n't see this kind of cleverness in Hollywood comedies today .
 `` A Night at the Opera '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- is the first MGM film made by the Marx brothers after leaving Paramount , and it is the first Marx Brother 's film without Zeppo . This was also a sort of comeback film for the Marx brothers after a poor response from their previous movie `` Duck Soup '' . Interestingly enough this film later had about three minutes clipped from the beginning by the censors when it was shown for the soldiers during WWII because the intro mentioned that the setting was in Milan , Italy , which the U.S. was at war with . Evidently these three minutes have been lost forever.This film featured some classic moments in comedy , like the Sanity Clause repartee between Groucho and Chico , where they rip a contract down to nothing except for a Sanity Clause . There is also the classic stateroom scene in Groucho 's tiny ship quarters and the ensuing mayhem , as everybody from plummers , to waiters , to chamber maids , to the manicurist , to the other two Marx brothers , go about their business in the very tight confines of Groucho 's room.This is the Marx brothers at their best .
 Mrs. Claypool wants to put on an opera to make her way in high society and Mr. Driftwood plans to spend as much of her 8 Million dollars as he can by accommodating her . The gags fly as well as the Marx Brothers ! Margaret Dumont uses Groucho to make her place in society when it is apparent to everyone that he is just using her money , he even states it . What makes the movie so special is n't the two lovebirds or the story , but how the Marx Brothers work together and create gags . It is very special . Apparently Irving Thalberg was an MGM executive who understood them and allowed them to work .
 I gave this film five stars . Why ? Because it is one of their funniest films . Why ? Because it hits the mark . Yes their other films are funny and entertaining , but this one in particular was always my favorite .
 Watch the opening sequence of A Night at the Opera and you will see Groucho Marx at the height of his powers . A series of brilliant one-liners , all delivered with impeccable timing . Effortless comedy that was an influence on generations of comedians to come . Remember this was made in 1935 ! This is certainly in the same league as Duck Soup and probably better than A Day at the Races . The elongated ` sanity clause ' joke , the state room scene on the boat , the detective in the hotel and the set piece at the opera near the end are amongst the best things the Marx Brothers ever did.Some of the musical numbers appear a little dated , but this was the era of Busby Berkley and so these were expected . It also gave the other to brothers a chance to show off their musical skills as well . But most of all it is Groucho who steals the show , and he is the main reason to watch the film , good as some of the supporting actors are.This is now part of a great boxed set which is better value for money .
 This is my all-time favorite Marx Bros comedy . It 's definitely worth the price . I think it 's enjoyable for a large age range . If you 've never watched a marx bros comedy before , this should be one of your firsts !
 I did n't fully appreciate this film until my second viewing . Now I think it 's one of the better Marx Brothers film . The film - filled with funny lines - has all the familiar MB trappings
 Otis B. Driftwood -LRB- Groucho Marx -RRB- , an eccentric opportunist , has been hired by an older rich woman to introduce her into the society of England , which seems to be an easy task for him . Driftwood introduces the lady to an Opera manager from New York who invites her to New York as he needs her investments in the Opera . Throughout Driftwood 's venture his wit gets him into and out of trouble as frequently as he opens his mouth , and through an `` accident '' he meets the two brothers Fiorello -LRB- Chico Marx -RRB- and Tomasso -LRB- Harpo Marx -RRB- . Driftwood is introduced through the two brothers to the promising Ricardo Baroni and together the four begin a comical adventure of astronomical proportion that brings them fame and fortune . Night at the Opera is a hilarious comedy that contains both slap-stick comedy and witty dialogue that will entertain any audience . In addition , there are a several scenes with interesting cinematography and scene set up that are nothing short of spectacular , which lends support to the films exceptional cinematic experience .
 Magic , magic , magic , magic , magic , magic , magic , magic , magic , magic , magic , magic , magic , magic , magic , magic , magic , magic , magic , magic.The finest comedy ever made
 There were NO songs by Queen on this DVD and I watched it twice . It was pretty funny . I started partying .
 Leontyne Price is a better singer than Spears.This movie is a hilarious farce mocking opera .
 I personally feel this movie is a little overrated , but overrated in that while I do n't think it 's their greatest or funniest movie , I do n't think it 's their worst or unfunniest either -LRB- far from it , in fact -RRB- . This was their penultimate truly great film , though with their move to MGM and away from Paramount , you can see a plot is starting to take more precedence over crazy anarchic antics , along with supporting players starting to assume more of a role in the story , along with the dreaded romantic/musical subplot . The brothers were slowly starting to lose their edge with this move to making movies that may have had more of a plot but half the laughs , as Irving Thalberg told them he wanted to do . Although I know they regarded the first two they made at MGM , before he died , as the best they ever made , so it 's not like they lost their edge or began their decline and loss of creative control overnight . Although at least here the lovers involved in the subplot really belong there and are a full part of the plot , instead of feeling like boring pointless appendages slowing down an otherwise good movie . And since they 're both singers , the musical numbers do n't seem superfluous like they do in too many of their other MGM films -LRB- although `` Cosi-Cosa '' is one I could easily skip ever hearing again -RRB- . Our sympathy with Rosa and Riccardo is established right away , so the viewer really cares for them instead of feeling annoyed whenever they 're onscreen taking time away from the comedy . Allan Jones was also the best pseudo-Zeppo they ever worked with by far , although I 've read that the three of them really missed their baby brother while they were making this film and wished he 'd stayed in the act and been able to make that film with them . Unlike most of their later MGM films , too , here we really have a feeling that the bad guys are really bad and need to be defeated , not just boring generic villains you do n't really get a feel for the true meanness of , of their need to be defeated and humiliated , wishing they 'd never been born . We know right from the first time we encounter him in the second scene that Rodolfo is cruel , mean , and evil -LRB- I can barely watch the scene where he 's beating Harpo , first hitting him with a stick and then whipping him , and then a few scenes later roughs him up again -RRB- , and deserves exactly what he gets at the end.The extras are hit and miss ; the mini-documentary is quite good , but could have been better-served being a bit longer and more in-depth . The audio commentary is also nice ; I 'm not a big fan of audio commentaries , but they 're interesting to listen to at least once , and can clear up confusion about a certain dated reference , shed some light on an in-joke , or just provide interesting tidbits about the movie you might not have found out anywhere else . The mood of the commentary is very informal and friendly instead of overly serious and scholarly . The rest of the extras are alright , but the shorts are n't really related to the movie apart from showing the kind of thing that might have been shown back in 1935 before the main feature began .
 Pictured here is the VHS edition of A NIGHT AT THE OPERA -LRB- 1935 -RRB- that I bought some decades ago . This SP speed tape is stored in an oversized case with a hinged front panel , and sits securely in a black plastic retainer . A very top line item in its day , my tape still performs perfectly and I recommend this VHS without hesitation!As for the movie , what can you say about a comedy classic ? It 's great , a real treat to be savored each and every time one watches it . Although brother Zeppo is missed -LRB- he 'd retired from acting to become an agent -RRB- , I do enjoy handsome Allan Jones as male love interest . As a child , his `` Donkey Serenade `` was a favorite of mine . What a lovely operatic-quality voice this man had!Kitty Carlisle -LRB- Hart -RRB- , however is another story . She seems even in her youth to exude an unapproachable upper class snobbery that really chills a viewer . It 's no surprise to me that Miss C. 's miniscule screen career went cold after this movie , and she only made one more appearance almost a decade later , again with Jones , in a now-forgotten UNIVERSAL programmer called LARCENY WITH MUSIC -LRB- 1943 -RRB- . It would be nearly a half-century before Kitty acted again in film , this time for Woody Allen 's private nostalgia trip , RADIO DAYS -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , and finally inSIX DEGREES OF SEPARATION -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , a biopic starring Will Smith.Director Sam Wood , who was no stranger to comedy , beginning in 1939 worked on a number of great dramas , among themGOODBYE MR. CHIPS -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , GONE WITH THE WIND -LRB- uncredited -RRB- -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , OUR TOWN -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , KITTY FOYLE -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , KING 'S ROW -LRB- 1942 -RRB- , THE PRIDE OF THE YANKEES -LRB- 1942 -RRB- andFOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS -LRB- 1943 -RRB- . But back to the Marx boys . Portions of this picture , the stateroom scene for example , were road-tested before filming as a way to rehearse and tighten their routines . InTHE MARX BROTHERS IN A NUTSHELL , Groucho 's TV quiz show announcer George Fenneman fondly recalls seeing one such stage show . Clearly this concept worked , for the motion picture 's comic scenes sparkle with perfection . They do n't get any better than A NIGHT AT THE OPERA , folks . Highest possible recommendation !
 For those of you looking for a great introduction to the brilliant physical comedy -LRB- as well as one liners -RRB- from the late , great , and legendary Marx Brothers , this film is for you ! A NIGHT AT THE OPERA is nothing short of hilarious , as well as beautiful to listen to ! This features soprano Kitty Carlisle , as a young opera star , who runs into the Marx Brothers along the way -- or , specifically Otis B. Driftwood -LRB- Groucho Marx -RRB- , a `` hanger on '' who continues to pursue an elderly socialite , Mrs. Claypool -LRB- Margaret Dumont -RRB- . He and his rowdy crew of accomplices -- er , assistants -- help to bring the beautiful opera singer together with her lover , as well as with critical acclaim . What 's more , some of the most beautiful and well-known opera arias are interspersed between the zany shenanigans -LRB- this includes `` The Anvil Chorus '' and `` Miserere '' from IL TROVATORE -RRB- . Some of the scenes from this film have often been replicated in films , as well as television , but no one does it quite as well as the Marx Brothers . They truly put the physical comedians of today to shame . There is a reason that A NIGHT AT THE OPERA has been the recipient of numerous honors on top film lists . Be sure to see it . I have no doubt that you will enjoy it !
 Arguably their finest film . This is as good as it gets . Arts Patron Mrs. Claypool -LRB- Margaret Dumont 1882-1965 -RRB- intends to pay pompous opera star Lasspari -LRB- Walter Wolf King 1899-1984 -RRB- 1.000 USD per performance hey , maybe that 's why they call it GRAND OPERA ! . Grand comedy , too , as Groucho Marx -LRB- 1890-1977 , Chico 1887-1961 , Harpo 1888-1964 cram a ship 's staterom and more with wall-to-wall gags , one-liner , musical riffs and two hard-boiled eggs - all while skewering Lasspari 's schemes and helping two hopefuls -LRB- Kitty Carlisle 1910-2007 and Alan Jones 1907-1992 -RRB- get a break . To save the opera , our heroes must first destroy it . And they must also gain ocean passagenger as stowaways , pull the wool -LRB- if not the beards -RRB- over the eyes of City Hall , shread legal mumbo-jumbo into a sanity Clause , pester dowager Claypool -LRB- Dumont -RRB- and unleash so much glee that many say this is the best Marx Brithers movie . Seeing is believing . High Quallity transfer . Recommended .
 IF YOU LIKE THE MARX BROTHERS , THIS IS GREAT . SOME OF THIER BEST STUFF .
 `` A Night at the Opera '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- remains one of the Marx Brothers ' finest efforts and a comic masterpiece . However , the seeds of the Marxes ' creative demise were planted in this particular film
 `` A Night At The Opera '' is tied with `` Duck Soup '' at being the # 1 best Marx brother movie ! Otis B. Driftwood -LRB- Groucho -RRB- with Fiorello -LRB- Chico -RRB- and Tomasso -LRB- Harpo -RRB- try to get opera newcomer Ricardo Baroni -LRB- Alan Jones -RRB- to be the center of the New York Opera company instead of Rodolfo Lasparri . On the night debut of Lasparri in New York , Groucho makes a very funny speech before the opera starts . He concludes with , `` Let there be dancing in the streets , drinking in the saloons , and necking in the parlor . Play , Don . '' The result
 This film is definitely the best I 've seen of the Marx Brothers . Some scenes were so funny I had to pause the video so I could continue at the same place after laughing for so long . I did n't want to miss one minute of this movie . I really did n't think I 'd like it all that much , but now I ca n't stop recalling funny scenes and laughing whenever I see it in a video store .
 Pompousity is punctured , authority flaunted and chaos is wreaked in grand style as the Marx Brothers save the day for two young opera singers . All the elements of a good Marx Brothers movie are here
 Although I think `` Duck Soup '' is the funniest movie ever made , `` A Night at the Opera '' is probably each of the brothers at their best . Groucho zings and sings to the dismay of anyone who is unlucky enough to provide him the opportunity . But in this movie , his timing and air are perfectly tuned to insult yet keep just a hair away from the mean side.Harpo gives the villains expert come-up-ingness and goes from angelic to demonic with unadorned glee . He keeps the Grouch and Chic chemistry together seamlessly and of course plays wonderfully as always.Chico is the toughest clown for me to figure out since he goes from comic to straight man and back again and you never know which one you 're going to get . But in this movie his wit outshines them all , whether he 's not going to believe in the `` Sanity Claus '' or if he 's figuring out how to out-outwit Groucho in his take for being a manager.All this and a story with some good singing by Kitty Carlyle and Allan Hale and Margaret Dumont dowages perfecly.And two hard boiled eggs ...
 A Night at the Opera was the first Marx Bros. movie for MGM after leaving Paramount and its one of their best . Certainly a top 3 with Animal Crackers and Duck Soup.Groucho Marx -LRB- Otis Driftwood -RRB- tries to make a quick buck when he hears that a young tenor can be brought up for a extraordinary price . So him and his crazy friends Chico and Harpo tries to persuade the manager of the opera company to sign up a young talent . However this young talent is also so deeply in love with one of the operatic shows.The film features two of their best bits
 `` A Night at the Opera , '' the first movie the Marx Brothers made for MGM , is one of their best . Yes , it is more conventional that their earlier films , and the love story -LRB- while not as offensively bad as some make it out to be -RRB- is forgettable . Still , the comic moments -LRB- including the famous stateroom scene -RRB- remain very funny , and there are numerous one-liners -LRB- especially from Groucho -RRB- . The DVD , part of Warner Brothers ' `` Marx Brothers Collection , '' is pretty good . The image is in its original 1.33:1 full-frame aspect ratio , and is relatively clear . The commentary by Leonard Maltin , while having a few gaps and providing little information on the Marx Brothers ' earlier years , is fine . There is an entertaining -LRB- although somewhat unbeiievable -RRB- story from Groucho on a mid-sixites talk show . Also included are a trailer and -LRB- in an interesting move -RRB- some old shorts and cartoons from around the time this film was made.The only real fault of the disc is in its thirty minute documentary , `` Remarks on Marx . '' Most of the interviewees have little of interest to say -LRB- especially the always affordable Dom DeLuise , who actually tries to be funny -RRB- , and the analysis of several classic scenes -LRB- especially the stateroom -RRB- is obvious at best and boring at worst . An interesting interview with romantic lead Kitty Carlisle is the saving grace .
 This was the first VHS movie I ever bought , back in 1981 . I still watch it and it still makes me laugh . It 's one of the greatest comedies of all time .
 An incredibly funny film , Groucho and the gang are really at their best here along with their old foil Margaret Dumont . One of the best sight gags of all time occurs when Mrs. Claypoole opens the door to Groucho 's room aboard ship , really has to be seen to be appreciated .
 This movie really amazed me . It showed me how funny movies could be , even 70 years ago . In fact , I ca n't remember a movie this funny being shown in any theater in recent times . There probably has n't been something this funny in theaters for at least six years.Groucho is top notch in this one . Although he 's known for making joke after joke after joke in a very short amount of time , he puts tons of top quality jokes into his performance here . After publicly thanking Mrs. Claypool for financing the opera , he tells the audience that he 's sure the memories of a great performer will come back to them , just as sure as Mrs. Claypool 's checks will come back in the morning.Chico has a great scene in this film too . He tells a phoney story about flying across the Atlantic . He says that after two attempts , the plane ran out of gas , and on the third attempt , his crew got about halfway across the ocean and then realized they forgot the airplane.The Marx Brothers somehow manage to get the opera 's orchestra to play `` Take Me Out To The Ball Game '' which forces them to succumb to the irresistable temptation of yelling out `` Peanuts , Popcorn . '' They ruin the opera in several other ways as well , like dropping random backgrounds behind the actors while they are singing , with Harpo tearing up one of backgrounds too.One of the best scenes is when they stow away in a boat , and end up in a very small room . As if it were n't cramped enough , visitor after visitor arrives , and soon 20 more people shove their way in there . It gets so crowded a sleeping Harpo is pushed onto a woman , and while he 's lying on her , Groucho says to Chico something along the lines of , `` Hey , when I said work fast , I did n't mean your friend , I meant the maid . `` Groucho 's deadbeat-type character never gets old . He tries to give his hotel bill away , and he withdraws a healthy salary without doing anything . When he 's fired , he demands he gets his two-weeks salary pay . When informed that he 's overdrawn his salary for the next six months , he says he 'll take one week 's salary instead.Highly recommended . This movie will get you to really appreciate the genious of the Marx Brothers .
 The Marx Brothers have done their absolute best in this picture . I could n't stop laughing ! A couple of scenes I like is when Groucho is ordering food from the steward and he 's telling him what to order , and Chico is inside Groucho 's room which is a porthole
 A Night at the Opera is one hour and thirty-six minutes and was released in theaters on November 15 , 1935 . This movie has some firsts to it . It was the very first movie the brothers did after Zeppo has left the group . It was the first movie the brothers did for Warner Brothers after they were let go by Paramount Pictures and finally this movie would be the first of a long line story plots . In their first five pictures the Marx Brothers were just zany and would insult the good and the bad . Starting with A Night at the Opera till their final movie Love Happy the Marx Brothers would only insult the bad people and come to the rescue of the innocent . Lastly this is the first movie to feature the first of many fake Zeppos ; at least that what film historians call them.I am not got into the plot of the movie because I am sure that a few other reviewers gave away the whole story . The as a trio this would be the Marx Brothers finest and the only to come close to -LRB- performing as a trio -RRB- is A Day at the Races . After A Day at the Races the quality of the Marx Brothers goes down hill big time . A Night at the Opera is know for two main scenes ; the stateroom and contract scenes . One other footnote the Marx Brothers went on tour acting out part of the scenes to see what was and was not funny . A Night at the Opera gets an AAAAA + + + + + .
 `` How 'd you like to feel the way she looks ? '' `` And two hard/boiled eggs . '' `` You ca n't fool me . There ai n't no Sanity Clause . `` A Night at the Opera is one of the funniest Marx Brothers movies ever made . I love it . Groucho 's name in it is Mr. Otis B. Driftwood & Chico 's name is Farello & Harpo 's name is Tomaso.So you take Mr. Driftwood , Farello , and Tomaso , mix them together and what do you get ... A NIGHT AT THE OPERA.The songs are exceedingly good , and here thay are : # 1 `` Cosi-Cosa '' # 2 `` Alone '' # 3 -LRB- That song that Ricardo & Rosa sing on the stage -RRB- So I recommend this movie to anyone of any age.Asia Age 11
 The Marx Brothers dismantle an opera company , and LA TRAVIATA will never be the same . Much of it takes place aboard a ship sailing to America , the best scene being where about 50 people try to pile into a tiny stateroom . Other highlights include the first 10 minutes of the picture where Groucho and Harpo try to finalize a singer 's contract as they lierally rip parts of it out ; Harpo swinging among the scenery ropes ; and the Brothers disguised as famous aviators who have to give a speech before a welcoming crowd in NY . The songs , unfortunately , are awful , and Groucho and Kitty Carlisle as the lovebirds is beyond corn . I rank this one third best after DUCK SOUP and HORSE FEATHERS . Definitely worth a watch .
 This is simply the best movie I have ever seen . Not only is it the best Marx brothers movie , it is the funniest movie I know of . If you have not yet seen it , please stop reading these reviews and watch it as soon as possible .
 The first two Marx Brothers films , THE COCOANUTS and ANIMAL CRACKERS , were essentially filmed versions of their great successes on the New York stage . MONKEY BUSINESS , HORSE FEATHERS and DUCK SOUP were specifically created for the screen on the soundstages of Paramount Studios -- but when the latter proved a critical and box office fiasco the comedy team found their careers on very uneven ground.Enter Irving Thalberg of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer . Thalberg was not known for his comedies and MGM , with its emphasis on prestige pictures and family fare , was an extremely unlikely venue for the brothers , but Thalberg was certain he could pinpoint the reason for their sudden and unexpected failure
 This is simply one of the greatest comedies ever made . The Marx Brothers are manic in this incredible farce concerning an opera company , an ocean voyage , a love story and of course Groucho wooing , mooching etc Margaret Dumont.The sight gags are fantastic and the music is of a higher quality then just about all of their others.The supporting cast does a great job and the shipboard stateroom scene is worth the price of admission.This is one of the best investments you will ever make as it is impossible to get sick of this picture or of the humor within it.Buy it at once !
 This is one of the funniest movies of all time . There are several routines in the film that are classic . We need MGM to release a DVD edition !!
 Night at the Opera is different from their first 5 - in a nutshell , as everyone else had commented , there 's no Zeppo , more music , Margaret Dumont is back , bigger role for romantic leads , and the comedy is somewhat more disciplined , i.e. , the antics are perhaps less spontaneous than earlier films.I understand criticisms leveled by those who prefer to skip the plot , musical numbers , and romantic plot development , but I wholeheartedly disagree that the movie is somehow lesser because of it , particularly the music . The brothers were an extemely musically talented trio , and throughout their lives saw themselved less as a Comedy show and more a variety show . To disregard the musical numbers as `` filler '' is to show a lack of appreciation for a performing art they held in very high regard.I have always felt The Marx Bros. were more `` in Character '' here than in most of their other films -LRB- Duck Soup , Horse Feathers , Animal Crackers , are also good in this regard , as is Day at the races , to a lesser degree -RRB- . Everything from the contract swindle -LRB- `` the party of the first part ... '' -RRB- to the organized fooling of sgt. Henderson -LRB- `` now there are four beds - I know I 'm crazy ! '' -RRB- to the stateroom bit -LRB- `` Is my Aunt Minnie in here ? '' -RRB- to the methodically brilliant destruction of Il Trovatore in the finale are examples of great writing that suited the personalities of the brothers.Duck Soup or Horse Feathers may be their funniest films , and Animal Crackers may be more memorable for it 's classic scenes , but Night at the Opera in my opinion is the most well-balanced of all thier movies . I feel it 's the best-written , best-produced , has the best plot , and contains BY FAR the best acting among suporting roles . If Duck Soup were n't so well-paced and funny , Night at the Opera would be my favorite .
 This is the best of the marx 's films.It has so many laughs you can fill ten movies.There is none better than this.Everything fits perfect.The comedy , the romance and the music.you will love every second in this classic comedy gem.Pure Genious .
 not one of my favorites , but still a VERY funny movie with some of the more classic marx brothers scenes in it ... well worth seeing ... over and over again !
 Hey , it 's a Marx Brothers movie . You either like them or you do n't . If you have never seen one , start with this one because I think it 's the best .
 Not only are there the usual quota of laughs in this movie , but there is also some very fine singing .
 `` A Night At the Opera '' is generally considered the best or 2nd-best -LRB- after `` Duck Soup '' -RRB- Marx Brothers movie of all time . Working for the first time with the legendary producer Irving Thalberg -LRB- and , without stiff , ` straight ' brother Zeppo -RRB- , the result is a near flawless explosion of snark and lunacy detonated smack in the middle of the Opera world 's snooty , haughty culture.Top-notch supporting actors , memorable songs and excellent production value simply serve to accentuate the unique , howling mad antics of Groucho , Harpo and Chico ... especially in set pieces like the legendary ` State Room Scene ' . If you are already familiar with this mad marvel , treat yourself to a new-view . If you have never watched `` A Night At the Opera '' , you have one of the greatest comedic treats in cinema waiting for you .
 `` A Night at the Opera '' is generally regarded as the Marx Brother 's best movie . Filled with classic scenes and a very clever script , `` A Night at the Opera '' is a comedy classic that constantly improves with each viewing . `` A Night at the Opera '' follow 's the story of an unknown opera singer named Ricardo who , along with Chico and Harpo , sneak on a boat with Groucho and go to New York where Ricardo 's girlfriend Rosa is singing in an Opera.A very funny and clever movie . Well worth watching .
 Perhaps I 'm not a typical Marx Bros fan , because I find some of the Paramount films to be a little tiring after a while . A Night At the Opera is -LRB- for me -RRB- a total pleasure from start to finish . Yes , there is a romantic subplot that gets in the way of things some , but it is n't nearly as bad as it could be . -LRB- Remember At The Circus ? -RRB- The songs are easily forgetable , but they are pleasant . But none of that stuff really matters ... what makes this film shine is that the Marx 's are in very fine form from start to finish . There are tons of classic scenes and the film holds up surprisingly well today ... just like a bona fide classic should .
 This is one of my favorite movies , and is definitely the best movie the brothers ever made . It 's hilarious , and Groucho 's one-liners are the funniest out of any of his movies . A must-se
 ... knows nothing about comedy ! '' ... And two hard-boiled eggs . '' '' ... Oh , that 's alright . That 's in every contract . It 's a sanity clause . '' '' ... Senor Lassparri comes from a very famous family . His mother was a well-known bass singer . His father was the first man to stuff spaghetti with bicarbonate of soda , thus causing and curing indigestion at the same time . ''
 This is the first Universal Marx Bros. picture . Its a big depart from their earlier classics . Zeppo , their surreal straight-man -LRB- who in my opinion was the hyper-real icing on the abstract cake -RRB- is gone . There is more of a linear plot and not just a gag-driven story . And the boys are more focused making their characters believable and less amoral in this outing . The brothers used to insult anyone and just turn any setting they were in into pure chaos . Here , they are helping out a deserving couple and abusing only the antagonists who deserve it . Harpo does n't harass girls . Groucho is n't full of bitter one-liners . The group actually seem like friends in this one ! The moments of non-comedy are great , in contrast to their previous films . The comedy is n't as fast-paced and inventive , but the structure of the film is WAY more satisfying . `` A Night at the Opera '' and `` Duck Soup '' are the boys at their best . They 're really just yin and yang , no better or worse than the other .
 If `` A Night At The Opera '' is more sentimental and romantic than its Zeppo-ized predecessors , it 's also less of a photographed vaudeville sketch show also . Many of the Marx Brothers ' comic routines were first tried out on the Broadway stage , and the funniest routines , or sketches , were what ended up in their movies . Their earlier films were just more sketch-driven ; this one is more plot-driven . I appreciate the fact that the writers took the time to integrate a plausible book and plot -LRB- financing for the opera and the ` big break ' for the 2 singers -RRB- into the insane antics of the 3 Marxes . Just because they were a support system for a romantic subplot does n't mean they were any less broad , inventive , or hilarious . The crammed stateroom take and the wrecked opera are proof positive of this . I truly do n't get all of the collective complaining about this one being too sentimental and music heavy . What film ` did n't ' feature Chico -LRB- on piano -RRB- and Harpo -LRB- on harp -RRB- in at least one musical interlude ? It 's a smash hit at 90 minutes .
 `` A Night At the Opera '' , the Marx Bros. sixth film , released in 1935 , will make opera lovers very squimish indeed . Groucho , playing Otis B. Driftwood , has been hired by Mrs. Claypool -LRB- Margaret Dumont -RRB- to place her into society . All he has done thus far is to draw a very handsome salary , which he later states , `` How many people are drawing a handsome salary these days '' ; a reference to the Depression Era.In the opening scene , Groucho has arranged for Dumont to meet Herman Gottleib -LRB- Sig Ruman -RRB- , the dirctor of the New York Opera Company , at a restaraunt in Milan . Dumont sits alone at a table , waiting for Groucho , not knowing he is dining with a blonde directly behind her , which leads to Groucho 's line , `` When I dine with a woman I expect her to look at my face - that 's the price she has to pay '' . With the introduction of Mrs. Claypool and Gottlieb , it is off to the Opera to sign the leading opera tenor , Rodolfo Lassparri -LRB- Walter Woolf King -RRB- . Groucho , just in time to catch the last few minutes of the opera , scorns his carraige driver for not driving slower , and orders him to drive around the park once more . `` On account of you , I nearly heard the opera '' , he bellows to the driver.Lassparri is to be paid a thousand dollars a night to sing for the New York Opera Company ; and it is at this jucture Groucho sees his influence on Mrs. Claypool diminishing . He needs a piece of the action , otherwise he will be left out cold . Rushing to sign the tenor first he spots Lassparri , unaware of who he is , beating up on Hapro , who plays Lassparri 's dresser . `` Hey you big bully , '' Groucho says , `` stop beating up on that little bully '' . Harpo knocks the tenor out with a sandbag just as Chico enters.The two begin a humorous dialogue with leads to Groucho signing the wrong tenor . The contract to be signed is continually shredded by the two , as neither can come to an agreement to any of the stipulations . The tail end comes as Chico asks what part of the contract this is . `` That ? Oh , that just says if anyone is shown not to be in their right mind , the contract is null and void . `` Chico then reveals that Groucho has signed Ricardo Baroni -LRB- Allen Jones -RRB- to the contract , and not Lassparri ; though , nothing has actually been signed ; and Gottlieb ultamitely signs Lassparri first.Lassparri and Baroni are in love with the same woman , Rosa -LRB- Kitty Carlisle -RRB- , another opera singer . She , at Lassparri 's insistance has also been signed to the New York Opera Company , and are to take a cruise ship to the states . She is in love with Baroni , but lacking money he will not marry her.All are now aboard the cruise ship , including Chico , Harpo , and Baroni , who are there as stowaways . Groucho discovers all three in his oversized trunk . Gottlieb has personally picked out Groucho 's stateroom , which turns out to be smaller than a bathroom , leading to the classic scene where person after person is piled into the room until nor more can be held.Starving , Chico , Hapro and Baroni slip away to get something to eat , putting themselves at risk for capture . Chico says , `` If they catch us , they got to feed us . '' Chico and Hapro play their trademark instruments for the amusement of poor immigrants until Gottlieb discovers them and has the three put in the brig.Three bearded aviators are also aboard , and the three stoways subdue them and don their clothes , as well as their beards , which allows them to slip off the ship when it docks in New York . They are led to a podium where a large crowd of people have gathered to celebrate the feat of the aviators . Groucho is the only one who knows they are imposters until Harpo , asked to give a speach , drinks glass after glass of water , wetting the fake beard and loosening it from his chin.Detective Henderson -LRB- Robert O'connor -RRB- chases them all , and tracks them to Groucho 's room . Before getting there , the Marx Bros. enjoy one last meal , where Harpo dines on a hotcake sandwich , stuffed with Groucho 's cigar and Chico 's tie . Henderson arrives , and Chico and Harpo flee , leaving Groucho to explain their whereabouts . Henderson begins to look around , and is amazed to find that the adjacant room keeps changing , and furniture keeps disappearing . `` There was one bed in here , now there 's two '' , Henderson says to Groucho , `` Well , you know those things breed like rabbits . `` In the meantime , Lassparri makes one more attempt to attain Rosa 's love , only to discover that Baroni is there too . This is the final straw . he goes to Gottlieb with the news and he persuades Mrs. Claypool to fire Groucho.With Groucho out of a job , and discovering that Lassparri has replaced Rosa with another singer , the stage is set for revenge against the opera company , its director , and overpaid tenor.The Marx Bros. reek havoc at the opening of Il Trovatore , replacing the musical score with `` Take Me Out To The Ballgame '' , and committing other offenses true opera lovers would surely find troubling and unnerving . `` A Night At The Opera '' is a Marx Bros. treat which will have you laughing and rolling around on the floor more times than it is worth to get back in your chair .
 The zany brothers create havoc in fashionable opera circles . There are few of the unfunny interludes which mar the latter Marx films , although the romantic interlude between Kitty Carlisle and Allan Jones provide the obligatory streak of sentiment . Groucho dominates the first half of the film , his eyebrows undulating as he insults Dumont at front , rear and everywhere - and requesting from a waiter a glass of milk from a milk-fed chicken -LRB- ! -RRB- . But when Harpo comes in to view with his faun-like leers and rather eccentric appetite -LRB- for tie-and-cigar sandwiches -RRB- ; he swings into command at the climax in the New York Opera House . This scene is unforgettable and brilliantly paced as it shows the Brothers disrupt a gala performance of IL TRAVATORE - it even includes some scalpel-sharp digs at American `` moeurs '' . Classic bits
 FORT SAGANNE is a long , grand epic which must be seen in widescreen . It 's really a Gerard Depardieu movieand he is magnificent as a legionnaire in French-occupied Sahara . LE SAUVAGE is a romantic comedy which is one of my favorite Deveuve films . Catherine Deneuve necessarily enters runaway Yves Montand 's placid lifeand wreaks havoc . Chemistry again in LE CHOC with Alain Delon as a professional hitman who meets Deneuve when he is hiding out . I had not seen HOTEL DES AMERIQUES before . While I still enjoyed this drama , I could not eventually understand the stubborn fascination of the Deneuve character with Patrick Dewaere -LRB- who died tragically young in real life -RRB- . In MANON 70 , Deneuve can not commit to any one man till she meets Sami Frey , then ... Here 's hoping Lionsgate produces and releases a collection of films starring another French legend - Michele Morgan .
 After I could n't get through to the amazon site -LRB- my ISP had connection problems -RRB- , I purchased the C.D. set locally and have already watched most of it . The transfer to DVD is really good , with rich color and crystal-clear images . Although most of the footage is English-subtitled , I had no problem enjoying what I have watched of the five movies . Nice packaging , too !
 I 'll recognize that most of these DVD compilations are typically known for including a bunch of unappreciated works and probably one good film . Ok so you do n't get Belle Du jour , the last metro , repulsion , or even the hunger in this one but it is still worth checking out . For that reason , I would say that 's what sets Catherine Deneuve apart from all the other actors even at their worst.Allow me to discuss briefly most of the films included in this collection.Manon 70
 Foreign films seem to be few and far between because of limited distribution and we have companies like Lionsgate who have acquired the negatives and rights of some great rare gems . This collection not only highlights the talent and beauty of Catherine Deneuve but also gives us a great insight on basic French filmmaking . With a diverse series of titles , this collection shows how Deneuve could light up the screen in every thing she was in . This set is represented by comedy
 Catherine Deneuve is one of the most beautiful & -LRB- given her status -RRB- adventurous actresses in the history of cinema -LRB- Belle de Jour , Repulsion , La Syrene du Mississippi -RRB- . While this collection contains some of her more conventional performances , her beauty & her talent can not be denied . I have an upscaling blu-ray player which renders these movies into better quality than I would have seen at my local cinema in the ' 70 's / 80 's which will satisfy me until they 're released on blu-ray .
 Before I knew Brett Dillon , I only knew OF Brett Dillon . I heard often about this fixture of Dallas radio , his enthusiasm about this particular artist or that particular album , about his pitching in on someone 's project or guiding someone else through career changes . And I never , ever heard anything but glowing , glowing words used about Brett . No catty detractions about his taste or his show , or his pets or grudges ever . Even other radio people spoke well of him in the same , `` he 's above and beyond '' kind of way.After I met him , I understood how he earns such loyal and ardent friends and fans . Brett is kind , patient , hilarious and utterly committed to music and radio . I often tell people that radio promotion is one of my favorite parts of my job , and it 's true
 The last great DJ ; Brett Dillon . Great story about an old hippie/country dj who has radio in his blood . Like a lot of other dying industries , radio will one day dump disc jockeys out on the street without so much as a fond farewell . Hopefully by that time Brett will have developed other monetarily gainful interests & will be able to somewhat stay in the industry he loves so much . Good luck to the last great dj ; Brett Dillon . Live long & prosper to a great radio station ; KHYI 95.3 `` THE RANGE ! ''
 This movie is one of my favorites by Stephen King ! Its very rare to find but thankfully amazon sells very very rare stuff ! This item arrived at my house in fantastic condition ! I recommend checking it out !
 This was a pretty good movie . Of course , I love Stephen king films . The only thing that did n't make sense about the movie is the way it ended , but besides that , it 's a good film to own , Buy it !
 Thinner -LRB- 1996 -RRB- was a three to four star DVD with excellent special effects , a good story and fine performances . It was a little over the top which is nothing new for Stephen King . Over 7 sets of full body make up of one type or another were required to make the transition from 300 to 112 pounds look credible . A short on The Magic of Special Effects was also included documenting this work .
 Thinner is one of those extreme short novels by Richard Bachman , a.k.a. Stephen King . The film is well done , faithful and definitely full of rhythm , even if the format -LRB- length -RRB- makes the chase a little bit short . It reveals how perverted our society is.A judge , a lawyer and a chief of police conspiring to save the skin of the lawyer in a road accident where he was entirely responsible and under the influence of the alcohol and overeating of a celebration.But there is a moral in this society , even if it comes from the gypsies , one of the ethnic groups that is most severely and racistly rejected . And this justice if a justice of curses and God . When a rejected group is the victim of an injustice , God , even if it is a sombre and unidentified God , gives them the power to impose their justice through curses that reveal the real nature of the good local notabilities of the city , society.The lawyer will die by losing weight , the judge will become a scaly lizard and the chief of police with just rot away and finally shoot himself . They die by the very attribute of their professions
 Great movie - didnt expect what happened to happen - makes you think - perfect gift for a cheater spouse lol - scare the shit out of them - it was very unexpected and kept me interested in what was going to happen next
 Stephen King books , almost every single one has been made into a film . Even out of his short stories we got Children of the Corn & Maximum Overdrive . Now we have novel based `` Thinner '' . Our movie focuses around Billy . A lawyer who ways a whopping 297 pounds . His wife and daughter often tell him he has to lose weight , and his respince is casually `` Eh , maybe these diets take awhile to work '' . One night , Billy and his wife start getting frisky in his car , and he accidently hits an elderly woman corssing the street . After he shows no signs of caring about it , his friends help him avoid trouble in the courtroom , the womans husband puts a curse on Billy , making him Thinner whenever he eats something . After his life starts becoming miserable because of it , he pleads to the man to take the curse out of him , which he does , but then transplants it into a pie . He then comes to think that his wife is cheating on him , so he leaves the pie for his wife to eat , it works , but his daughter has also been murdered from eating the pie , Billy takes a slice of the pie , and is about to eat it , when he gets an unexpected knock at the door ... Alot of people I know do not really care for `` Thinner '' . I did n't think it was bad at all , as a matter of fact i really like this film . Its eerie , creepy , and has great music my Daniel Licht . -LRB- who also did the music for Children of the Corn 3 -RRB- . Its got Joe Mantegna , who I love his work . Hes got that perfect mobster voice , and a perfect attitutde in movies like this and even in The Simpsons . So I would recommend , to either buy or rent Thinner if you come across it.I give it a 4/5
 This is a super story with a great lesson behind it -LRB- which most of King 's stories have if you really notice them -RRB- . `` Be careful what you wish for '' and `` if you ca n't say anything nice , do n't say anything at all ! ''
 If you are old enough to remember `` Room 222 '' 's gentle principal in that 1960 's TV hit , then you will marvel at Michael Constantine 's performance as Tadzu Lempke , the centenarian patriarch of a roving band of gypsies . Considered unsavory nuisances whom the sheriff wants evicted , the gypsies legally lure curious onlookers . One of them , Billy Halleck -LRB- Burke -RRB- , a dangerously overweight lawyer , ogles the nubile gypsy daughter gyrating seductively , but her unexpected vulgarity sets a sinister tone for what follows.In this 1996 Stephen King thriller , Billy and his wife accidentally run down and kill Lempke 's aged wife after she pilfers from a drug store . However , the couple is immediately acquitted as townsfolk `` testify '' in a stacked courtroom . Enraged , Lempke eerily grazes Billy while murmuring the curse , `` Thinner . `` Within days , Billy credits his new `` diet '' for his sudden weight loss which continues at a frightful pace . The sight of him going from obese to `` normal '' to gaunt are truly frightening , especially as the gypsies mockingly camp nearby . Although other townsfolk are cursed in even more grotesque ways -LRB- one commits suicide -RRB- , Billy realizes all are doomed unless he can reason with Lempke , man-to-man . Still , Billy is continually mocked , and flees with a near-fatal slingshot wound through his right hand.Now , leveraging the threat of violence against Ms. Slingshot , Billy forces Lempke to reveal that the only `` antidote '' is to pass the curse to someone else , as deceptively as possible . With a few scores to settle , including that of his unfaithful wife , Billy sets the trap , but forgets one very important detail .
 You might not expect it from a Stephen King novel but the film is realitivly tame by todays standards . The result is a thriller of the best kind . The characters are less-than-desirable and that makes things all the more fun to watch . Robert John Burke stars as a morally corrupt attorney who we ca n't help but empathizing with , after all most of us are carrying a few extra pounds but he 's tipping the scales at 300 lbs . and shows no sign of stopping . That 's until he hits an old gypsy woman with his car and finds himself the victim of her father 's wrath . You see he 's over a hundred years old -LRB- the gypsies father that is -RRB- , though by the looks of the cancer growing on his nose he wo n't be around much longer . Burke and co. conspired to make the old woman 's death look like an accident and thus free him of any and all charges he could face in court . After being touched by the gypsy he finds himself on the role of his life , or so he thinks . He drops pounds like there candy - which we get to see him cosume much of . Enter Joe Mantegna in his typical Mafia hitman role . The two fight back and thats when things get really good . In the end nobody 's spared there just deserts -LRB- excuse the pun -RRB- . The DVD offers and interesting if incomplete commentary track by it 's director Todd Holland , of Larry Sanders fame , and costar Mantegna . The widescreen format keeps Burkes weight in proper perspective , instead of streching the screen like they do in those horrorendous pan and scan discs . And the 5.1 sound is very commendable . It 's a Halloween treat that I 've grown to appreicate more each year ` round this time .
 I must say , I really enjoyed this movie . We all know that most , if not all book based movies are not as good as the book . Stephen King movies are a good example of that . But , unlike movies such as The Tommyknockers or The Golden Years , Thinner is one of the better book based movies by King . First off , I really enjoyed the cast , especially Joe Mantegna . The evil old Gypsy -LRB- depending on what point of view or `` side '' your on -RRB- is especially creepy because he seems so ruthless . Tom Holland , who plays the main character as the cursed man who seems to be growing `` Thinner '' , did a great job fulfilling his role.Also , I must say that the production team of this movie really made Tom Holland 's character look extremely convincing , mentally and physically.In conclusion , This movie is extremely creepy and seems as if it 's possible in real life , because it 's simply a curse/hex that is at play throughout the movie . It has nothing to do with Aliens , mythical creatures , Ghost 's etc. . I highly recommend this movie to everyone , even if you are n't a horror fan , you should give this movie a chance .
 Let me just start of by saying that I am a huge fan of both stephen kings , and horror movies . This however really is n't scary . However it did have a few scary parts . just be warned
 Thinner is one of kings better movies along with children of the corn and creepshow . His worst movies were maximum overdrive and dreamcatcher . I enjoyed this movie but this a movie u cant take to serioussly or think of it as horror to much - it was horror but took diffrent approuch then most horror movies . Its about an overweight lawyer who kills an old gypsy in his car one night and then gets cursed by her gypsy father and the gypsy says thinner . the lawyer dosent know it but he soon enough finds out that a curse was put on him when he starts losing weight quickly and his judge friend also gets a diffrent curse stuck on him - this movie keeps u watching to the end - u will want to see what happens as u see him losing more and more weight and wondering what will happen - sure the makeup looks a little fake in the shower scene but other than that it was ok and the ending was really good - i recomend this film to rent or buy - 4 stars
 I just read the book a few days ago and I thought the movie was pretty good . I was a little disappointed with the special effects . He did n't really look bad at all when he was supposed to be 120 lbs , most of the work must have went into making him look 300 lbs . Stephen King does make an appearance in the movie as a pharmacist . Not a waste of time or money !
 This was without question a frightening movie . After sucessfully defending a mafia cheiftain in court , an overweight lawyer runs over and kills an old gypsy woman . After the over - weight lawyer beats the charge in court , the woman 's father puts a curse on the lawyer . He suddenly begins losing massive ammounts of weight . The lawyer goes from being robust to looking like a scarecrow . The makeup used in the transformation is outstanding . The lawyer starts looking for the band of gypsies to get the curse removed . The final solution is very original . This is a very unique movie . You will enjoy watching it very much . I still watch the reruns even today .
 For once , a movie that can prove you dont have to go on a diet to be thin.Robert John Burke plays Billy Halleck , an overweight lawyer who makes the mistake of hitting an old gypsy woman during a little pleasurable activity.LOL . However , when he is found not guilty , a curse is put upon him.Soon , he finds that he is rapidly losing weight and discovers he has a gypsy curse on him.With the help of his friend , Richie , he sets out to find the gypsy who put the curse on him , before he is permenently thin . I recommend this film to any Stephen King fan
 &#34; THINNER &#34; is about a Gypsy curse causing a dangerously obese guy to inexplicably suddenly lose weight . despite continuing to eat as much as he wants of all of his favorite foods.Ain ' t that a curse almost all of us just WISH we could suffer from?BUT - - - , the ending of this movie has a surprising tragic twist .
 it is a good stephen king movie , we love to watch them to see what part he sticks himself in lol
 Thinner was a very good movie . I recommend it to anyone that likes Steven King movies.I loved this movie ! GREAT !
 WARNING
 Great movie . I enjoyed it thoroughly . I 've watched it more than once since I 've gotten it and my neighbor and son have borrowed it and watched it too . They both enjoyed it as much as I did .
 I thought this movie was pretty good . . It was weird that the movie was a horror flick but it also made you laugh at too .
 Wow , what a fun picture . The first time i saw this VERY cleverly made film was at the time of it 's theatrical release . At that time , i was way too focused on the prosthetics . I was also 17 years younger . I just finished streaming it a few moments ago . It funny , scary , exciting and fun . Super cast . Loved seeing Steve as the shop owner/phamacist . If you enjoyed DRAG ME TO HELL , or not , you should find much to enjoy here . I 'm getting THIS slush puppie come payday . Check it out .
 For the most part I love films based on Stephen King 's books . This is a super story ! It chronicles the journey a man must take in hopes to free himself of a Gypsy curse after a tragic accident claimed the life of an elderly Romani woman . The man , a popular attorney , was negligent and `` distracted '' or he would not have had the accident . When the police , judge and officials conspire to free the attorney of any criminal charges the olde Gypsy man takes matters into his own hands laying a curse at their feet . Our main character 's variety of the curse is to become `` Thinner '' and eventually wasting away . But perhaps his price to be free of the curse might be to high costing him more than he 'd stand to lose .
 This movie is another one of Stephen Kings great movies . I think his humour & irony really come together with horror to make his movies signiture in cinama . Shipped on time & in good condition .
 i thought the movie was cool , i hope i never make anyone that mad at me ...
 I am very happy with my movie . It was shipped and recieved very fast . THANK YOU
 Billy Halleck -LRB- Robert Burke -RRB- is the biggest lawyer in town , both by reputation and size . Weighing in at 297 pounds he is already on a diet mandated and monitored by his wife who wants him to lose weight . Billy just won a big lawsuit for his client Richie Ginelli , called Mr. Mafia by Billy 's daughter , who is an underworld crime boss . He celebrates the victory with dinner with his wife and while traveling home he is distracted and kills a 75 year old gypsy woman who is in town with a local carnival . Being the biggest lawyer in town and friends with the sheriff and the judge he barely gets into trouble even though he is clearly at fault and lies about what really happened . Knowing the system he manipulates the truth and he does n't accept the responsibility for his careless driving and actions . He does n't even get points on his driver 's license.After the court hearing the 109 year old gypsy grandfather of the victim touches Billy 's face and says one word , `` Thinner . '' Billy begins to quickly lose weight and no matter what he does he is facing death . Everyone involved in the case and the release of Billy including the judge and the sheriff are dying of strange diseases . The common cause seems to be the old gypsy grandfather who touched all those men and said one word to each one.Billy begs forgiveness from the grandfather who tells him that if he does n't leave the gypsy camp that his curse will get worse . Billy curses the gypsies as the White Man From Town because that is what the gypsies call him . Vengeance turns out to be a pie served cold!This was a good movie if you are a Stephen King fan . I own the DVD and the book and I actually like the book better as it goes into much more detail as books often can do . Both are worth watching and reading and are a good story line and entertaining . If you love Stephen King it is hard to criticize him but this is a good story but not one of his best . It is still 4 stars as some of King 's average books are far better than other author 's best efforts.This movie contains some foul language and some scenes are gross and spooky . If that is not your type of movie then be warned . I enjoyed this movie and I recommend it to you !
 I actually really like Thinner . The storyline could potentially creep out an overweight person to the point of not wanting to lose weight ever ! A fear of losing * too * much weight . Guess again if losing weight is something you want to consider -LRB- kidding ! -RRB- The storyline is definitely interesting , and creepy of course -LRB- I would expect no less from the master of twisted thinking Mr. Stephen King himself -RRB- . A father/husband does something horrible and is forced to lose weight until he becomes so skinny -LRB- despite eating as much food as humanly possible -RRB- he gets sicker and sicker with each passing day.The acting skills are fairly on the low budget side , and the way the movie was produced feels like a cheap horror flick -LRB- at least , in the beginning it does -RRB- . The story eventually tells its twisted tale and improves considerably after the first 15 minutes , however . It 's the conclusion of the storyline that makes Thinner such an enjoyable movie.It should be noted that even though I find this storyline a bit funny nowadays , back in the mid 90 's Thinner was definitely taken more seriously . Back then a storyline like this - while probably not new or revolutionary or anything - was considered a bit shocking for the viewing audience . Thinner was n't necessarily tagged immediately as a low budget flick back then.A great movie .
 This is not one of the best movies based off a Stephen King book , but it certainly does have its merits . It 's fun to watch how fatty boy Billy starts losing all the weight , and how so thin he looks near the end . This is a story that has no monsters or nightmares or anything - just a gypsy curse . It makes you wonder , if Billy had even just given a verbal apology to the gypsy , he might have averted the curse in the first place . Same with his two buddies who also got cursed . This is what happens when you help your friends avoid punishment for something bad he did :P This movie is fairly enjoyable , if you liked the book , you 'll like the movie .
 This Movie is outstanding , in so many ways . The stars make you stay at the edge of your seat . Especially Joe Mantegna , and Michael Constantine . always something new around the corner . I would recommend to family and friends .
 This is one of my favorite Stephen King movies . The plot is deep and creepy and everything about this movie is fascinating . If you like Stephen King , I think you 'll enjoy this movie alot . I really recommend giving it a wiew .
 Stephen King 's THINNER is a real treat to anyone who loves those old -LRB- like me -RRB- E.C.COMICS and TALES FROM THE CRYPT . The story tells of a obese lawyerwho accidentally hits and kills a old gypsy woman . He gets off Scott freewhich permits a old gypsy man to put a curse on him . GYPSY
 There are no real heroes in this story , only bad people who mostly get what they deserve.Billy Halleck -LRB- Robert Burke -RRB- is the biggest lawyer in town , both by reputation and size . Weighing in at 297 pounds he is already on a diet mandated and monitored by his wife who wants him to lose weight . Billy just won a big lawsuit for his client Richie Ginelli , called Mr. Mafia by Billy 's daughter , who is an underworld crime boss . He celebrates the victory with dinner with his wife and while traveling home he is distracted and kills a 75 year old gypsy woman who is in town with a local carnival . Being the biggest lawyer in town and friends with the sheriff and the judge he barely gets into trouble even though he is clearly at fault and lies about what really happened . Knowing the system he manipulates the truth and he does n't accept the responsibility for his careless driving and actions . He does n't even get points on his driver 's license.After the court hearing the 109 year old gypsy grandfather of the victim touches Billy 's face and says one word , `` Thinner . '' Billy begins to quickly lose weight and no matter what he does he is facing death . Everyone involved in the case and the release of Billy including the judge and the sheriff are dying of strange diseases . The common cause seems to be the old gypsy grandfather who touched all those men and said one word to each one.Billy begs forgiveness from the grandfather who tells him that if he does n't leave the gypsy camp that his curse will get worse . Billy curses the gypsies as the White Man From Town because that is what the gypsies call him . Vengeance turns out to be a pie served cold!This was a good movie if you are a Stephen King fan . I own the DVD and the book and I actually like the book better as it goes into much more detail as books often can do . Both are worth watching and reading and are a good story line and entertaining . If you love Stephen King it is hard to criticize him but this is a good story but not one of his best . It is still 4 stars as some of King 's average books are far better than other author 's best efforts.This movie contains some foul language and some scenes are gross and spooky . If that is not your type of movie then be warned . I enjoyed this movie and I recommend it to you !
 I have always liked movies about Gypsy curses this one met my expectations . I liked the Actors in the film . Robert John Burke , Joe Mantegna and Michael Constantine . From every movie I have seem about Romanian Gypsy 's they have to touch you or at least something you own in order to put a curse on you . Again , it met all of my expectations . It was supposed to be a horror film but I found it comical at times another plus in my book.Thinner
 one of stephen kings best . it is a sit on the edge of your seat finish too.if you like stephen king you will love thinner ...
 VERY GOOD MOVIE . FOLLOWS THE BOOK ALMOST TO A T. I THINK THEY DID A FINE JOB OF SHOWING THE VARIOUS STAGES OF WEIGHT LOSS THAT THE MAINCHARACTER ENDURES . NICE LITTLE TWIST TO THE END THAT THE BOOK DID NOTHAVE .
 One of the best special effects king film , a must see and own , great story and superb acting ... Enjoy .
 This is one of king 's best horror flicks ! It 's scary and also in some parts , funny . But it is mostly scary . It 's about this lawyer that accidently hits an old gypsy lady and her husband puts a curse on him to make him thin and he does . He does n't know why he is getting thinner and so does n't his wife or daughter . He seems to be enjoying it , until he realises that his weight loss is out of control and it is n't due to a diet , it is due to the curse , so he tries to beg the man to lift the curse and he does n't . His wife and doctor do n't believe him , so he gets back at his wife with a poisened pie . I do n't wan na tell anymore , you will just have to watch it and see it for yourself . Buy it !
 Awesome . Very scarry and suspensfu
 For the most part I love films based on Stephen King 's books . This is a super story ! It chronicles the journey a man must take in hopes to free himself of a Gypsy curse after a tragic accident claimed the life of an elderly Romani woman . The man , a popular attorney , was negligent and `` distracted '' or he would not have had the accident . When the police , judge and officials conspire to free the attorney of any criminal charges the olde Gypsy man takes matters into his own hands laying a curse at their feet . Our main character 's variety of the curse is to become `` Thinner '' and eventually wasting away . But perhaps his price to be free of the curse might be to high costing him more than he 'd stand to lose .
 A surprisingly good adaptation of King 's early novel ! In fact , among the TV movies - not cinema releases - based on his work , this is probably the best . Good acting , fair effects - with the amazingly convinving and the transformation of ultra-overweight Burke into an ultra-underweight one - good script , and skilled directing ... What 's more , this is one of those rare instances where , in some aspects , a movie turns out better than the book it was based on . I 'm referring to the ending here - I liked the movie 's ending MUCH better than the book 's one , which I always found annoying . The film 's version of the conclusion is , I would say , much more satisfying ... > : -RRB-
 Enjoyed the movie . Teaches everyone to never underestimate anything someone else is capable of ... especially if you do n't know them .
 To me this was just one good movie . There is better movies but this one was just different in many ways . This movie kept you in it to see how thin he would get . I rate this film at 4.5
 movie is a stephen king movie , what more is there to say ? great plot ! love this movie from beginning to end .
 I am a huge Broadway fan and the Tony Awards was an excellent investment . I would do it again this year if available .
 I do n't subscribe to cable so was happy to be able to purchase the 66th Annual Tony Awards - a wonderful show starting with &#34; Hello &#34; from &#34; The Book of Mormom &#34; and who could be a better host than NPH ? Wonderful all the way around !
 It 's great these award shows are now available for one to own especially in high definition . The American Broadway theatre is one of our country 's greatest contributions to the arts . Kudos to Amazon for making this program available . I hope this is the first of many future broadcasts to be preserved for public viewing . Thank you ! I only wish earlier Tony Award shows were available for purchase/rent .
 This is not a review of this particular clip . I saw the Tonys and they did a good job with the camera work . I would have preferred the camera to zoom in on her at the end instead of zoom out . We really miss her reaction to the male lead . My wife and I saw this musical on Broadway and it is the best one we have seen . So well done . I actually recorded the Tony 's on the DVR and go back to this clip a lot .
 Google me is the real fun movie , I loved it . When I saw it I was surprised to see the idea . I have googled my name tons of times and i am sure we all do it all the time . But only this director -LRB- Jim -RRB- can imagine and work on this idea and make a documentary out of it.I would give it ***** for wonderful idea , ***** for superb story and 100 % satisfaction.VJ
 A great movie that restores my faith in humanity to go beyond our tiny differences and to see the important things we all share in common . The filmmaker provides a very honest appraisal of himself , his intentions and finds meaning in his search . I only wonder about the few Killeens that refused to participate ; would they change their minds after seeing the movie ? I would think so ... I hope Jim has a long and successful career as a moviemaker . He deserves it .
 I was very moved by the filmmakers apt observation about how we become `` families '' with those whom we love regardless of our lineage . Well done Jim ! : -RRB-
 Think of the possibilities . If you were to track down people who share your name , people from all over the globe , and really get to know them ... what would you learn ? What would you experience?This is not just a documentary . It is a biographical , educational , entertaining experience and a little bit wonderful and amazing.Jim Killeen -LRB- you know , the one who made the movie -RRB- is not a professional film producer . He is an `` ordinary '' guy who set out to make a film . As it turns out , he produces an extraordinary cross section of interesting lives from around the world and packages it in a way that allows you to experience it as if you were in the room . It is exactly what the film industry needs ... fresh , exciting ideas from minds like that of Jim Killeen.This was quite a project . I 'm glad I saw it.If you 're sitting here wondering if you should watch it ... stop wondering , rent the movie , grab a snack and a drink and enjoy the show.You made a pretty cool film , Jim !
 It 's real , interesting , and fun to watch . Reminds you of the good in people and brings you to reality while getting you to think about the purpose of life . It takes you to several different places around the world to reflect on others ' perspectives and lives . Very satisfying and as many critics seem to say , `` a breath of fresh air . ''
 Great story on google . I really like it . Must seen the story was really good . Good movie to see must see .
 Jim Killeen - I really do hope you read this review as it is not often I write a review . I am not a social person . I am turning 26 next month with little social life as I work from home . However ... Watching this film made a significant impact in my life that answered many questions for me regarding my thoughts on the meaning of life and what is important . I really enjoyed the glimpse into the lives of every one of the Jim 's in the documentary.Honestly , watch this video . It is exceptional , inspiring , uplifting , revealing & insightful.Good job Jim , I hope to see more documentaries from you !
 Great documentary ! It was very interesting to take such a simple concept and make a whole movie about it . Made me want to google my name and find out who shares it with me .
 This documentary is very interesting . The cast of characters is entertaining , from a detective to a Catholic priest . The film maker travels all over the world , telling the stories of people who share his name.The thing I like most about the movie is when he asks each person , `` What is man 's purpose ? '' . The answers vary greatly , and it really reflects where they are in life and what their view of the world is . It may not be a high budget documentary , but it is very entertaining and something you probably wont forget .
 A warm and funny movie full of rich stories about life . I highly recommended watching this movie when you are in need of feeling more connected to the world .
 I 'll admit that when I first stumbled across this film , I thought it 'd be rather mundane and boring . I was pleasantly surprised . It 's a really interesting concept . Maybe it 's been done before , but I think every person could make this film and it would still be special and enjoyable . Who has n't googled themselves before ? To think about other people sharing your name spread across the world is a pretty incredibly concept . Never before have we had such technology at our fingertips . It 's a film about the universal human experience -- we come from incredibly different walks of life , but we can still share so much . It 's a comment on the growth of and continuing work on technology and how it influences our lives . I think it was a great film and I certainly enjoyed it.Why four stars ? Well , I think when Jim -LRB- filmmaker -RRB- began to explore his siblings illness , he made his view incredibly apparent . While I certainly respect his viewpoint , it came across as out of place in this film , at least to me . Still , do not let that impact your opinion on this film . It 's definitely worth a view .
 `` Bomber '' does a great job of reminding you that sometimes the people you think you know the best , you do n't really know at all . It takes a somewhat already dysfunctional family - distant father , frustrated mother , conflicted son - and throws them into the one situation that can take its toll on even the closest of families
 A aging veteran wanting to return to the village he mistakenly bombed in WWII . A silly car accident forces a young 30 something son to drive his parents on a trip from England to Germany . Believable marital , family , generational and cultural complications . Suspenseful and humorous . 3-dimensional characters with excellent and subtle acting . Beautiful photography . The resolution that we need to express our emotions was simplistic and unsatisfying . While the use of the f-word was not gratuitous , it was overused for my taste .
 -LRB- special thanks to Film Movement for providing me with a screener ! -RRB- Family is one of the few things in our lives we ca n't choose . You can reinvent yourself in many ways , but your family is something you 're stuck with , for better or worse.In the film Bomber , Ross -LRB- Shane Taylor -RRB- , gets reminded of just how bad the `` worse '' part can be when he 's stuck driving his elderly parents from England to a small town in Germany . Precisely why his father -LRB- Benjamin Whitrow -RRB- , wants to go there is a mystery that 's not revealed until fairly deep into the film.Ross is a man who 's clearly been hounded by his father his entire life . His dad is definitely one of those men who is never happy with anyone or anything . We never quite find out exactly why , but the trip to Germany offers at least something of an explanation . His mother -LRB- Eileen Nicholas -RRB- , is a pleasant , long-suffering woman who clearly loves her husband and her son , and yet feels very alienated from both , which is no surprise given that neither treats her well.This is a good movie , but not always an easy one to watch . Both Ross and his father are jerks , both to each other and to Ross ' mother , throughout the film . Once Ross finds out why his dad is so keen to be in Germany , he calms down quite a bit . As for his father ? He remains largely the same , though in the final scene we get a glimpse of hope for a better future . == Short Subject == This month 's short film is the German movie `` Edgar '' . It 's about an old , retired man whose wife died recently . He feels useless and wants to work . He goes to a department store looking for a job , and then accidentally leaves while holding an umbrella he did n't pay for . He 's nabbed by the store security guard who explains that he wo n't have to worry about jail , but might have to do some court-ordered work . The old man gets a gleam in his eye ... To say more would spoil the movie . Suffice to say I really liked this short ! It 's intelligent , has a good message and the last scene had me laughing my backside off ! Definitely worth seeing .
 Bomber is suspenseful , funny and very well acted and directed . Beautifully shot , yet very real , you feel like you 've just taken an international road-trip . With themes that any adult can relate to , it illustrates the importance of appropriate boundaries , communication , appreciation and family . I highly recommend that you take the time to enjoy it too .
 Sometimes the resolution you seek is not the one you thought you 'd find when you start out on your journey . Paul Cotter 's engaging and witty film `` Bomber '' invites us to think about the stories people , yes , even family members , carry around inside their heads , without ever telling anyone else about them . Just as Holocaust survivors have been known to keep their memories in a compartment away from their normal everyday family life , Alistair has kept his own memories of the War in his head and heart for decades.So he decides to take a roadtrip back to Germany , with his wife Valeri and all-but-useless son , to visit the village he bombed accidentally as a young pilot during the second World War . He intends to apologize to its inhabitants for the destruction he caused . What this actually translates into when he gets there is a scene of him solemnly ` tidying up ' some bricks from a bomb-damaged farm building into a neat pile . It is a profoundly moving moment . The damage can not be undone
 I love amazon , everything they do is professional , timely and very helpful . This documentary was really great . It just shows how difficult life and relationships can be with or without surfing/love of the ocean , and reveals deep meaningful truth of life in the world we live in .
 This is a great documentary about the Paskowitz family . It really captures their lives and thoughts about how they lived . Very interesting ! Amazon did a great job with fast shipping and a great price .
 This is amazing . Not vanilla coated at all . Very admirable what this family endured and what a life they 've had so far !!!!
 Awesome documentary . Many of us would call the Paskowitz way of life unconventional ; yet it was all for love and a dream for the best for your loved ones .
 There is something to be said for dancing to the beat of your own drum . The documentary demonstrates that it is possible to raise kids with less barriers or hang-ups . Some of the kids did n't get the meaning of it all . They saw things really out of balance and their father a dictator . They will -LRB- hopefully -RRB- see the value of his courage when they grow old . To observe two people overcome some fears/limits and to teach that to their children - well , let 's just say , it is inspiring .
 not your ordinary family , but that 's why it 's so entertaining . Surfing was and still is shaped by this family .
 This documentary was amazing ! It leaves you with an interesting new perspective on life and just goes to show how much we can learn from others -LRB- no matter how strange they may seem to be -RRB- ! This father of multiple children takes his family on the road to escape the traditions and pressures of ordinary life . They live a very different life and raise their children on very different principles , including ... no school ! Watch this film , everyone should see it !
 This is a doc film about a man and wife who raised nine children in a surfing lifestyle , living for years out of a camper moving from beach to beach , never attending school . This took place primarily during the 70 's when alternative lifestyles were being experimented with across America . In this case the prime mover was Doc Paskowitz , who held very definite ideas about health and education . Trained as an M.D. , he had dropped out himself and his wife and nine children were expected to live out his ideas . What unfolded next is depicted in the film unflinchingly in both its up and down sides . On the one hand , does it not sound idyllic to grow up with no responsibilities except to surf all day , childhood and adolescence an endless summer ? On the other hand , the filmakers do not shy away from showing Doc as a megalomaniac and fanatic , who to satisfy his own ego committed his children to being seriously compromised in adult life . In one poignant scene , one of the boys tells how his dream of attending Stanford medical school - just as his father had - proved impossible ; he was simply too far behind educationally . He explains this while working as a short order cook.The film made me angry . The experiences of the nine children in young adulthood had more in common with breaking free of a cult than emerging from a supportive family . Yes , the teachings of guru Paskowitz promoted a healthy and natural life in some ways , but he also comes across as a selfish and totalitarian father who takes no responsibility for the limitations he imposed on his children.As a doc film , well produced and highly recommended .
 Special features are not captioned or subtitled ... the film itself is closed-captioned in English ; Spanish subtitles available .
 Our son attended the Paskowitz surf camp in San Clemente for a week when he was about 8 years old so we had that exposure to the family . The dvd includes extraordinarily candid interviews with everyone from dad and mom to all the kids with family videos of growing up and traveling interspersed among the interviews . For anyone who has thought about chucking it all and living on next to nothing , this is a must see . It is particularly interesting because the father , Dorian Paskowitz , was a physician with exceptional training so had options career-wise that few people do . He clearly had definite ideas about what was important in life .
 Surfwise is a one-of-a-kind documentary . In 1956 , Dorian Paskowitz , a Stanford-educated physician with a successful medical practice decided to `` drop out '' to become a vagabond and a full-time surfer . Through the years , he married and fathered nine children , but continued his search for the perfect wave . Surfwise tells the Paskowitz family 's story.The interesting thing about this documentary is that Dorian forces the rest of us to confront life 's biggest question - why are n't we doing what we 'd like to be doing ? Dorian shows that we could break free from our humdrum routines if only we had the courage . I 'm not a surfer , but Surfwise certainly made me think.But Dorian also shows why most of us choose conventional lives . Dorian refused to give in to society , not one inch . He kept his children out of school and ruled the family as a dictator . Dorian exploded when his eldest child left home - at age 23 . Apparently , Dorian thought that his children should spend their lives chasing his vision.When the kids grew up , they had no skills to offer employers . One of the film 's heartbreaking moments occurs when one of the Paskowitz sons reveals that he always wanted to be a physician like his dad ; the lack of an education made his dream impossible . The kids have varied feelings about their father , but many are bitter that Dorian 's narcissism limited their opportunities.While I really enjoyed this film , one thing that I did not like was the clumsy attempt to fashion an ending . I do n't want to spoil the movie , but the ending seems contrived.How far would you go to chase your dream ? If you are at all philosophical , you will enjoy Surfwise because it raises these sorts of questions . But be aware that the film offers the viewer few easy answers . We all have to find those for ourselves .
 How charisma can work for people and against people . And how radical thinking can become a burden . It started of as a heavenly thought . But sometimes your speed in life outmatches other people , mostly the one you love most yourself . A beautiful movie .
 The film - so delicious you could eat it with a spoon . And with that same spoon , you 'll want to take the eyes of that father 's head . It 's fine if , as an adult , you want to live a bohemian lifestyle and be a blow-about . It 's another if you subject nine innocent children to a lack of food , resources , schooling , peer contact , and then add physical and emotional abuse to that lovely equation . It 's a wonder any of those kids have their heads screwed on tight . I 'd like a follow-up film entitled `` After the Fake Reunion Which the Kids Have Been Paid to Fly to , '' and in which the father has died and five or ten more years have passed and they see how their father 's legacy has screwed up the next generation . Now THAT would be a film . I wish Pray had not tried to tidy up the film by the Hollywood ending where all is forgiven . Life just ai n't like that .
 A great film about trading in the suburban dream for the life of the road , only this time with family in tow . Shows you the price you can pay for that freedom too . Fascinating stuff from Mr. Pray -LRB- Big Rig , Scratch , Infamy -RRB- and totally worth checking out .
 Good movie - wish there was more surfing footage . A man with a vision . I wish I could do a &#34; modified &#34; odyssey with my family . Doc is a &#34; nice &#34; guy . -LRB- I met him ! -RRB-
 great flick about a family surviving/thriving under the thumb of a strict father while surfing - we should all have such a screwed up childhood
 It would be an honor to meet the Paskowitz family . The parents are ahead of their time considering when they were born . Amazing & entertaining story ... We rented the DVD on Netflix then decided we needed our own copy to add to our library .
 A well done and interesting documentary . It helps I know of the family and my husband has surfed with Jonathan , it made it much more relevant . A lot of good done by the Surf Camp , as well .
 The Paskowitz Family are not only unique , they are humble , giving and loads of fun . I bought this movie because once I had met some of the amazing Paskowitz brothers at Surfers Healing in Pacific Beach , I was interested in understanding the whole story . This movie really gives it to you , and more .
 Really enjoyed this movie . It was about a rather interesting and unconventional family who grew up traveling around in a camper and surfing together wherever they went .
 The charismatic doctor and surfing champion Dorian Paskowitz languishes through 2 failed marriages during the conventional 1950s before having his epiphany in which he will be a `` free spirit '' and travel with his third wife and 9 children like a band of surfing vagabonds . The new lifestyle is great for the father who finds sensual and spiritual fulfillment ; sadly , though , it 's a prison for his children who must live without schooling , money for clothes , and the normal opportunity to meet kids their age.This documentary does an excellent job of showing how these children navigate precariously through their one life as celebrities of counterculture and their second life of social dysfunction and resentment toward a father who wanted unlimited freedom for himself and draconian imprisonment for his children .
 This movie shows the results of too much good intentions force fed by an intelligent , single-minded dad who dropsout of the system . He means well and takes the kids along for the ride and they do lead an `` adventurous '' life , but at what costs ? the transition from surf adventure to family dysfunction is too abrupt and unexplored to fullydepict what transpired . However , I believe the film maker wants the audience to fill in some of the blanks on theirown . And that benefits the legacy of Doc Paskowitz because some seem him as a `` bero '' and some as `` villian '' but tne realiy like any family is that he falls somewhere in between .
 This movie should change your outlook . If it does n't , perhaps you need to re-evaluate your priorities . Money does not buy happiness .
 `` Surfwise '' is another fascinating feature-length documentary by filmmaker Doug Pray , who has made several amusing , enlightening films on pop-culture sub-groups such as the Seattle grunge scene -LRB- `` Hype '' -RRB- and hip-hop DJ turntabulists -LRB- `` Scratch '' -RRB- . In this new film he paints a one-third celebratory , two-thirds tragic portrait of the Paskowitz family , a once-legendary surfing clan whose patriarch , Dorian `` Doc '' Paskowitz dropped out of mainstream society in the late 1950s , to follow a near-absolute rejection of modern materialism . Paskowitz and his wife traveled anywhere on a whim for over a decade , surfing up and down the Pacific , Atlantic and Gulf Coasts of North America , surfing , having lots of sex and making lots of babies . In all , the Paskowitzes had nine children , eight boys and one girl , and raised them outside the confines of `` straight '' life . Instead of going to school , the children surfed , and were reared according to their father 's bold , yet ill-defined personal ethic.Although Doc 's decision to drop out preceded the hippie movement by almost a decade , his family 's journey intersected with the 1960s hippie-era rejection of cultural norms , and with the `` Me Generation '' self-absorption of the '70s . But while these larger cultural shifts were widespread , the choices of the Paskowitz family were much more far-reaching and severe than most of the counterculture types of the time . With no fixed income and a total abandonment of the American work ethic , the Paskowitzes were both legendary and tragic . As the children came of age , the strains of traveling together in a small camper intensified , and the family fragmented and fell apart.Just how much they fell apart is revealed in the film 's second half , which skillfully explores the dark side of Doc 's impulsive and absolutist philosophical rejectionism . Each of the -LRB- now grown-up -RRB- children reflect on the internal pressures -LRB- and joys -RRB- of their extreme lifestyle , and how completely unprepared it left them to make their own entry into adult life . Although the Paskowitzes dominated surf competitions in the early 1970s -- and got considerable media attention and corporate sponsorship -- because they were so naive about money matters , none of them held onto the money or the opportunities they made , and their professional careers largely fizzled out . Many of the children rightfully express their anger towards their parents for leaving them stranded without education or options , and the film is a fascinating reflection on the potential hazards of extreme alternative lifestyles . Although Doc Paskowitz clearly shoulders much of the blame , he remains a roguish and compelling figure . Many of his critiques of modern society are pointed and incisive , and his candid assessments of consumerism , wage slavery and sexual repression are attractive due to his bluntness and accuracy . It is a complex portrait , and does n't offer easy answers to the viewer , but rather many disturbing points to ponder . Definitely worth checking out . -LRB- DJ Joe Sixpack , Slipcue Film Reviews -RRB-
 Anyone looking for a glorious ode to the surfing life should pause a moment before viewing this terrific documentary film about life in the Paskowitz family . Although surfing was the stated main focus of this highly unconventional family 's life , it 's not the center of the story that 's revealed in the film . Kudos to the filmmakers , who peel back the layers of the story gradually until you gather the sense of the awfulness at the center . We see a life that on the face of it might appear appealing -- who has n't at some time or other wished for a more ` authentic ' life ? What if we could slip the rules of the prevailing society ? What if we were n't forced to be educated in institutional settings ? This film and all the Paskowitz children , who thankfully are brave enough to speak of what they endured at the whims of two of the most narcissistic parents you 'll ever meet , will give some answers to those questions . Abundant with archival footage that makes the past come alive , the film also gives us interviews with everyone in the family that will resonate with you for a long time after you view it . You may well be left with lots of questions after it 's over , but one is very happy to see that the kids seem to have made good lives for themselves despite the bad models that were their parents . In any case , this is a film for anyone who loves good documentary filmmaking -- you do n't have to know anything about surfing to appreciate this one .
 SURFWISE is a fascinating documentary chronicling the unconventional lifestyle of `` Doc '' Poskowitz and his family . The latter includes spouse and some nine kids , who live a bohemian , itinerant , surf-centric lifestyle in a 24-foot camper van . No school for these kids ! Nevertheless , they lived a somewhat regimented existence , one envied by kids who were more wealthy in material things.All of the kids grew up with various `` baggage '' due to the unorthodox upbringing , and the father is a rather magnetic , charismatic character.The cinematography here is great - you feel you are out in the ocean , in the surf , and can see how this aspect of nature would be seductive . SURFWISE raises questions about the tradeoffs involved in turning your back on the conventional path that society beckons you to follow - the good and bad features , the frayed nature of family ties , the family love that can -LRB- at least temporarily -RRB- transcend differences and childhood trauma.Whether you endorse or abhor the lifestyle depicted in this documentary , SURFWISE is an excellent movie !
 `` Surfwise '' chronicles the story of the `` first family of surfing ''
 I picked up this DVD thinking that it was going to be a lighthearted look at a family that I knew ` of ' from the time I was a youngster . I grew up surfing in San Diego , and used to see the ads for the Paskowitz Surf Camp in the back of just about every surf magazine I ever purchased . I always wanted to attend , but ended up buying a board and teaching myself instead.What I found was the story of a very strange family . Sometimes their life looks so wonderful it makes me want to get a camper and take my kids away from the materialism and lunacy we experience in modern life . Other times are dark , contradictory and a bit disturbing.What I took away from this amazing dissection of a unique family was to affirm my feeling that ` everything ' in moderation is the way to live . I also will be more careful about avoiding attempts to control people in my life.Highly recommended .
 Dr. Dorian `` Doc '' Paskowitz is eighty-five when we meet him in this documentary about his remarkable family . After medical training at Stanford , a respectable career as a physician , two failed marriages , and then a sexcapade around the world , `` Doc '' married his third wife Juliette . They decided on a carefree life of radical non-conformity centered around surfing . For the next twenty-five years they raised their nine kids -LRB- eight boys , one girl -RRB- in three different 24 ' RV campers . Daily surfing and strict diets were compulsory , formal schooling of any kind was prohibited , and money was scarce . Their whimsical lives as vagabonds sounds fun , but `` Doc 's '' uncompromising idealism and tyrannical ways amounted to physical and emotional abuse according to interviews with his adult kids . After ten years of bitter acrimony as the adult kids tried to make their way in the real world with absolutely no preparation for it , the family meets for an emotional reunion in the last part of the film . Even a badly broken family is better than no family , weeps Juliette at the reunion , but this film makes you wonder . Jonathan Paskowitz helped to produce the film .
 Dorian `` Doc '' Paskowitz has been riding the waves for nigh unto three-quarters of a century now . In 1956 , at the age of 45 , he abandoned a career as a doctor to pursue a life dedicated almost exclusively to surfing and raising a family - and he has n't looked back since . In fact , Doc and his family have achieved a notoriety of sorts -LRB- in surfing circles , at least -RRB- for their nonconformist , iconoclastic lifestyle , which involved all eleven of them living together in a cramped 24-foot camper trailer , avoiding any kind of formal schooling , and flitting from one beach to another in search of the perfect wave . Now , in his mid 80s , Doc , along with his wife , Juliette , and their nine kids - eight of whom are named after Biblical figures - discuss their lives and upbringings in the fascinating documentary `` Surfwise '' by director Doug Pray . Life literally has been a beach for these people.The thing that strikes us most about Doc is that he is no self-conscious radical trying to make an ideological point with his life ; rather , he 's a fairly average guy who 's honest enough to admit that he never much cared for school or the money-grubbing rat race of the corporate or business world and that he is simply much healthier and happier when in the water . And it is these values that he has chosen to instill in his children , along with a devotion to their Jewish heritage and a healthy attitude towards sex -LRB- apparently , he and his wife were less than shy about showing their affection for one another in front of the children , much to the kids ` consternation at times -RRB- . But there has been a definite downside to this nonconformity as well , and the movie does not shy away from depicting it - whether it be in Doc 's dictatorial , even violent , methods of maintaining his authority over the kids or in the children 's understandable desire to break free of their upbringing to lead a lifestyle more in accord with social norms . And , of course , there 's the resentment they 've come to harbor in their later years towards a father who , by willfully choosing to separate them from the outside world , rendered them ill-equipped to function in that world once they became adults -LRB- one son laments that he could never attend medical school because he was too far behind all the other applicants in basic knowledge to successfully compete with them -RRB- . The movie raises the thorny issue of just how much right a parent has to deny his children the privileges and benefits that come from being socialized into the society around them . Was Doc practicing a form of child abuse - or simple providing his kids with a rare and perhaps enviable opportunity to live life as one long summer camp ? -LRB- The family does actually run a camp of sorts dedicated to teaching the fine art of surfing to crowds of eager youngsters -RRB- . Even the kids themselves ca n't agree on the answer to that question , with some feeling the need to defend their dad and the way in which he raised them and others choosing to lash out at and lambaste him for the same reason . Yet , the children could hardly be classified as dysfunctional adults , with each of them pursuing respectable careers and raising apparently stable and healthy families . Perhaps the most remarkable feature of the documentary is that it leaves it up to the viewer to formulate his own assessment of Doc . We 're never pushed to take sides in the conflict.Through Doc 's story , `` Surfwise '' provides a fascinating look at what it means to be a family , what it means to be a parent , and why it 's important to find a balance between the overindulgences of the modern world and the deprivations of a simple life , not completely ignoring one at the expense of the other . The movie ends on an upbeat note with a long overdue reunion where old wounds are healed and old grudges put aside - all in the name of Family . Which is , I suppose , as it should be .
 I loved this movie . My boyfriend , who is not a surfer and could care less about the ocean , LOVED this movie . And to top it off , I did n't realize that this family created the Surfer 's Healing Program for children with Autism ! Google the name and support the program , it 's incredible !
 This is probably the best documentary I 've ever seen . Their story is fascinating , but be advised that there is frank a very graphic language not suitable for younger viewers .
 This film does a superb job of telling the incredible true story of the Paskowitz family , a once famous surfing clan who , according to the desires of patriarch Dorian Paskowitz , lived their own alternative lifestyle for quite a few years especially in the 1960s and 1970s . Some say that this film is about surfing ; but the focus is really on family and the rewards and problems that arise when idealistic lifestyles are taken to the extreme . Dorian `` Doc '' Paskowitz , the family patriarch who had a violent temper , cared little for conventional life and materialism after two failed marriages and a year in Israel where he taught surfing but could n't enter the military . Dorian returned to the states and although he tried to fit in with doctors in Hawaii he was unable to do so . However , Dorian did find a new wife , Juliette , and together they traveled in relatively small -LRB- 24 feet -RRB- , used , beat up trailers despite the fact that Doc and Juliette were having babies all through the 1960s ! The first thirty or so minutes of the film paint a `` romantic '' portrait of the family . Dorian took his wife and children wherever he wanted to go , free of the stresses and strains of a much more conventional lifestyle . The cinematography is terrific ; just the way those surfers were filmed was very well done . However , family problems become more and more intense and the family begins to fall apart as the children get older and rebel against `` Doc 's '' very rigid beliefs -- in fact , Dorian was such a dictator that his eldest son David literally starts to choke one of the younger brothers because Dorian told him to do so ! The brothers and their one sister also have to endure the rather loud lovemaking Dorian and Juliette engage in every single night and we find out what happens when their only daughter walks in on them when they are making love in broad daylight.The thing that really makes me mad about `` Doc 's '' lifestyle is that not only did he beat his kids sometimes until they bled ; he also denied his children access to education he almost ruined their chances to get ahead in the real world after they left the brood . True , some of the children did `` climb the ladder '' but most of them were unable to completely realize their potential . For example , Adam was unable to become a doctor because he had missed too much time in school . In addition , siblings fight about how to run the Paskowitz family surfing camp and money was squandered because the children were never taught how to manage money . Moreover , the eldest son , David , sings some song about how his father has `` to go '' before he 'll ever truly feel free to be his own person ; the truth in David 's song is a tragic outrage . `` Doc '' seems to have little comprehension of what he did to his kids ; he refers to them as `` lazy '' and he never misses an opportunity to tell anyone anytime where to go -- his last statement to the filmmakers is that since they were doing a documentary about him and his family that means it should have never been done . This guy lacks basic social skills!Interestingly enough , however , most of the children have no regrets about their childhood . They still love their parents and it 's a huge credit to the now grown children that they did find ways to make it in the `` real world . '' They are articulate , too . Son Israel , for example , helps run Surfers Healing , a program of surfing for autistic kids . I do wonder , however , what ever happened to the two daughters Dorian had by his first two wives.The DVD comes with well done extras about `` Doc '' and the Paskowitz family.Surfwise is quite a story about the Paskowitz family ; I wo n't forget it anytime soon . I recommend this film for people who like documentaries , especially ones about people leading alternative lifestyles ; and people who appreciate sports documentaries may also want to add this to their collections .
 This set is probably the best of the 3 . Not only does it have my favorite episode Prank Call but also has one of my all time favorite Beavis one time quotes -LRB- from the Bus trip episode -RRB- `` We 'll give them a pressed fruit bowl '' while they are mooning at cars in the back of the bus . This is definetly recommended but they still need to release all of the episodes , not hand picked .
 Here are forty more hilarious cartoons from MTV 's Beavis & Butthead creator Mike Judge . Youll see B&B on a bus trip to the mountains with their Highland High School classmates and their teacher David Van Driesen entertaining them with his guitar and singing . Unfortunately , the bus driver makes an abrupt turn and David , up front with his back to the windshield , crashes through the windshield as a result of the turn . B&B thought it was cool and they giggled -LRB- `` HUH HUH HUH HUH HEH HEH HEH HEH '' -RRB- . An investigating policeman presumed David dead . A young female undercover cop makes sexual advances towards B&B in a hotel room . A potion called `` Spanish Fly '' is consumed mixed with milk by another male HHS student in the cafeteria and B&B are afraid that the guy will make love to them . A pair of girls ask the boys to fix a flat tire on their car and instead the job is done by Daria Morgendorfer , a friend and HHS classmate of B&B 's -LRB- After the flat tire is fixed , the girls ' radiator burns out -RRB- . B&B make prank calls to a haggard man and with knowledge of Stuart Stevenson 's -LRB- a neighbor and friend of B&B 's -RRB- home address , the man blames Stuart 's father at the Stevensons ' home because the father had a cordless phone in his hand ! The other cartoons are great ! Of course , there 's more music video clips with commentary by B&B and more special appearances and advertisements .
 this is one of the best besides king of the hill ... love it and would really recommend it to everyone ...
 I rember watching Beavis & Butt head when I was younger and from that time I did n't rember too much from the Show so I walking to the local K-Mart and bought it and I coulde n't be happier it brings back old memories I have forgotten from years ago . The Episodes are awesome I do n't care there not in order these are basicly the best of the best and a few others .
 The Contination of the B&B ; Mike Judge Collection featuring more episodes hand-picked by the creator of the show himself is probably better then the first volume . Beavis and Butt-Head America 's favorite cartoon morons are still having yet more adventures into stupidity in this collection of 40 episodes , the episodes on Disc 1 are `` Plastic Surgin '' , `` Stewart Moves Away '' , `` Top O'The Mountain '' , `` Bad Dog '' , `` Lightning Strikes '' , `` Party '' , What 's the Deal ? '' , `` Wet Behind The Rears '' , `` Animation Sucks '' , `` Candy Sale '' , `` Here Comes the Bride 's Butt '' , `` Pregant Pause '' , `` Oild Change '' , `` History of women '' , `` Beavis , Cand You Spare a Dime '' , `` Premature Evacuation '' , `` Bang The Drum Slowly Dumbass '' , `` Close Encounters '' , `` Vidiots '' , and `` Tired '' . Next on disc 2 is `` Whiplash '' , `` Spare Me '' , `` Womyn '' , `` Murder Site '' , `` Another Friday Night '' , `` Patsies '' , `` Spanish Fly '' , `` Sexual Harassment '' , '' Green Thumbs '' , `` Bus Trip '' , `` Blood Preasure '' , `` Feel a Cop '' , `` US History '' , `` Date Watchers '' , `` Gang of Two '' , `` Stewart is Missing '' , `` Prank Call '' -LRB- My personal favorite -RRB- , `` Babysitting '' , `` Buttniks '' and `` Bungholio
 I love beavis and butt-head it was my favorite show back on MTV . I loved the episode when they had some kind of thing that blows air and they used it to blow a woman 's dress so they can look under it . I was surprise that she did n't go over and slaped them or called the cops . This show is the reason why their are so many adult cartoons on television today and that 's cool !
 Ordered for my son 's birthday , he loves it and had me to order a different DVD of Beavis and Butthead for him . Fast delivery , and a great price .
 I LOVE VOLUME 2 OF BEVIS AND BUTHEAD !!! If you liked volume 1 your sure going to like volume 2 . It was great .
 DVD came just in time for a christmas and was in brand new perfect condition
 Unlike the first volume , where Mike Judge edited dialogue bits out of more than half the episodes , the dreaded `` director 's cuts '' are nowhere to be found . Some reviewers here have suggested that this volume also contains altered versions of the cartoons , but all that is missing from them -LRB- as usual -RRB- are the music videos . The harsh fan reaction regarding the edited first volume apparently got back to Mike Judge , because he made the right decision to keep this batch in their original form.Contrary to some reviewers ' claims , even after Volume 3 all the episodes will not have been released to DVD . Mike Judge has made it clear that Volumes 1-3 will contain roughly two-thirds of the total episodes . He considers the rest to be too poor to be included.I happen to agree with Mike Judge that , generally speaking , the later episodes are actually better than the earlier ones . But I still strongly disagree with his decision to leave approximately one third of the episodes unreleased.I 'm glad the episodes collected here are complete . As for the bonus features , they are okay - I 'm not sure there 's really enough to justify the third disc . The main featurette -LRB- Taint of Greatness Pt 2 -RRB- is only about 20 minutes long - several minutes shorter than part one - and is very heavy on episode clips . The selection of music videos is probably the only feature that most people will return to.For those who have the Time-Life DVDs , you will find many duplicate episodes -LRB- though not quite as many as with the first volume -RRB- .
 Fans will be happy to hear that creator Mike Judge has not made any cuts to the episodes that comprise volume 2 ! As Beavis would says , `` Cuts suck ! THEY SUCK , SUCK , SUCK ! `` Here is a breakdown of what the volume 2 box set will contain : Disc # 1
 Here is another round of Beavis and Butt-Head 's trademark stupidity ! Thankfully with this second collection of -LRB- selected -RRB- Beavis and Butt-Head classics , Mike Judge left the episodes intact.One of my favorite episodes is `` Beavis , Can You Spare a Dime ? ' , where the boys learn how to beg from a beggar on the street . It becomes hilarious when the boys attempt to apply what they learned . Butt-Head informs a woman approaching that he ` was born without any arms or legs ' -- and he 's standing before her physically sound ! The woman scolds him , and tells him what he 's doing is not nice . In `` Premature Evacuation '' , Highland High is faced with a bomb threat . School principal McVicker announces for the building to evacuate . Only Beavis and Butt-Head remain and seek out the bomb , with their expected shenanigans . What often amazes me with Beavis and Butt-Head is that they have no regard for being tidy . As they probe the school kitchen in search of the bomb , opening cabinets , they sort through the items , and thoughtlessly drop them on the floor , allowing the contents to spill out . Then they just keep moving without giving their careless actions another thought ! When Beavis comes across the ` bomb ' ticking away , he and Butt-Head fight over it while slipping on some of the spilled contents of the food items they dropped on the floor . For our beloved morons , keeping an explosive is ` cool ' . They give no thought that their lives are in danger as they wrestle with it in their grip . Even when a bomb specialist arrives and orders them to release it , Butt-Head tells him `` Uh ... No ! '' `` Blood Pressure '' has become another favorite episode of mine . At a grocery store , the boys come across a blood pressure machine , which they think is a kiddie ride . Beavis gets entrapped as the blood pressure contraption -LRB- I do n't know the actual name for it -RRB- on Beavis ' wrist tightens as his blood pressure is taken . Thanks to his stupidity , Butt-Head is unable to read the instructions on pressing the ` Release ' button to free Beavis , whose blood circulation is getting cut . Beavis ' gradual purple complexion reflects that . What 's even more stupid -LRB- and hilarious -RRB- , Butt-Head later shows the suffering Beavis a box of ` Defends ' -LRB- the parody version of Depends -RRB- adult diapers he came across in seeking help , and makes jokes about it . Poor Beavis attempts to laugh - then pleads with Butt-Head to go get help . `` Uh - Oh , yeah ! '' , Butt-Head utters , now remembering his mission to go find help . He shortly returns with a saw . How much stupid can you get?This collection also contains the episode `` Spare Me '' , where they create havoc trying to change a flat tire for two girls who feign interest in them . This episode has special meaning for me as this was the episode I watched by accident in late 2005 , during one of B and B 's `` Moronothons '' on MTV . Like most people , I never liked Beavis and Butt-Head , from the negative press I 've seen and read about . But it was this episode that changed my attitude . I found myself gradually laughing at each calamity . Now , I 'm a big B and B fan ! I love them!The last cartoon , `` Bungholio
 I remember the 90s very well . First analyzing movies , getting into music videos , growing up into the conservative person I am today . One of my fondest memories was hearing a pastor preach why `` Beavis and His Friend '' were horrible role models because `` they burned things '' . But that was never the reason that Mike Judge 's unbelievable idiotic creations were funny . Sure , the two losers can be hysterical in their clueless quests for money , fame , and sex -- which neither know what to do once they get any of those opportunities . But this show was funnier because of the adults ' reactions to Beavis and Butthead 's moronic behavior . Mike Judge 's satire was n't only about the youth culture , but also how blind older generations were to their own beliefs . These two losers are like Jay and Silent Bob - they 're only as humorous as the world around them.Revisiting this show has been interesting . I thought VOLUME ONE was solid at best , but for different reasons than most . I never missed the music videos intermissions -LRB- in which Beavis and Butthead did MST3K-style commentary -RRB- or the `` deleted footage '' -LRB- which was supposedly just a few lines per episode -RRB- . I would give VOLUME ONE 4 stars because it 's funny , but not great . VOLUME TWO , on the other hand , is side-splitting from start to finish.There 's no real secret to why VOLUME TWO is much better than the first collection of episodes . The video and audio quality are cleaner ; I 've read that 's because most of these episodes are from the later seasons . There are gags and jokes that play off some of VOLUME ONE 's episodes , and each of the `` sequels '' that I remember were even better than their predecessors . We get Part 2 of the `` Taint of Greatness '' documentary ; this DVD marketting strategy does n't bother me , because each part is detailed and interesting . The Extras include more music videos and a few other goodies . But the obvious reason why VOLUME TWO is better is just because the episodes are much funnier . The writing , voice-acting , time length , and finishes are simply excellent . Each episode starts strong , keeps momentum , and has a good payoff.Expecting this show to be released in the original season format complete with music videos is hoping George Lucas will give the original cuts of the STAR WARS trilogy a deluxe treatment . It Just Wo n't Happen ! In the case of BEAVIS AND BUTTHEAD , there are too many licensing issues regarding the videos , plus Judge reportedly thinks some of the episodes are terrible.It 's not as if BEAVIS AND BUTTHEAD has any running storyline or continuity to the characters . Other than the occasional reappearance of a character or running gag , you could watch these episodes in any order . A bad episode would always be a bad episode , and vice versa.I usually suggest you buy a TV DVD starting with the 1st Season , but with this show , you can make an exception . This is the rare show where you do n't have to be a completist to enjoy it . VOLUME TWO of the Mike Judge 's BEAVIS AND BUTTHEAD Collection is hilarious ! If you want to revisit these characters but wan na avoid the roadblocks , you can pick up VOLUME TWO with no regrets . If you love it , then maybe purchase the other two volumes for the `` Taint of Greatness '' documentary ... or the music videos ... < SIGH >
 i 've been watching beavis and butthead on mtv2 lately and i forgot how great that show was ! however i think im gon na buy the 2nd one first or pick up a cheap used copy of the first one . that is ... if the 2nd one isnt censored . If only mike judge would read our reviews on here and see that we want uncensored box sets and not selected episodes . `` Damn we 're smooth ! '' - Beavis
 Uhhhh huhuhuh hey beavis , pull my finger . Some people whine about the episodes not being released in original order . I am simply happy they are released . It 's always nice to jump back to the mindset of a 14 year old hormone-driven teenager . I also liked the extra features and the videos . That one when they make fun of my three sons is on here . Mike Judge is one sick puppy who through his childish sense of humor never ceases to make me laugh .
 This is more like the Beavis and Butt-head I remember . The first volume was pretty heavily edited in the dialogue department . This volume , as far as I can tell , is the way it was back in the day . The episodes included are some of the most memorable from the series . The final episode is the famous Halloween special . This volume also contains some music videos . They are separated from the episodes on the 3rd disc . The music video selection is also a bit better than the 1st volume . This is a good DVD set to buy for old and new fans of the show .
 man , Beavis ROCKS ! Butthead too , tho Beavis is WAY cooler ! I guess I always root for the underdoggie . This collection is way cool . I also LOVE their one & only movie , `` B & B DO AMERICA '' ! I LOVE how in the movie they actually get to meet their dads , tho they 're all 4 WAY too stupid to figure it out !
 This is a truly great set , yes ! . . I think it should be better and yes ! . . it would be better if it were just a `` complete season '' box set ... but , in all the `` dreams '' of `` would of , should of , could of '' . . we really have to be thankful for MTV and Judge putting out this great set . So , only to the true fans of the show , you 'll either love it or hate it .
 People should n't jump to conclusions so early , this might be a really great set . Maybe this time around Paramount might 've learned their mistakes and decided to deliver 40 UNCUT cartoons -LRB- I doubt it , but it 's nice to think about -RRB- . I do n't think anybody thought of that , they just think `` oh it says The Mike Judge Collection on it so it must be total -LSB- ... -RSB- . '' I for one LIKED the first volume , sure it would 've been better if MTV released uncut complete seasons of this show , but what are you gon na do ? It 's Beavis & Butt-Head for crying out loud and everyone should be happy that Paramount decided to release box sets for this ground-breaking , classic TV series and stop complaining.Anyways , that aside , this is going to be another great set . It 's got 40 more hand-picked cartoons by Mike Judge and 13 more music videos -LRB- if you did n't know from before , Paramount/MTV could n't use all of the music videos because they could n't license them and some of the bands did n't like what Beavis & Butt-Head had to say about them , some of the remarks were kinda harsh -RRB- . Also there are plenty of great extras
 We will probably never get uncut episodes mostly because alot of the episodes were already aired uncut . There are a few episodes on Vol . 1 that are Director 's Cut versions as well.I know this set will be great just because I 've always been a fan of Beavis and Butthead . I actually like the first set , and understand the reasoning behind the lack of full seasons.If you read the insert in the first set , Mike Judge explains that he loves 1/3 of the episodes , thinks another 1/3 are okay , and is embarassed by the other 1/3 of the episodes . The planned 3 volumes of the `` Mike Judge Collection '' are what he considers the best 2/3 of the series . We may never see any more than these on DVD , but I 'll be happy to buy them again if they ever do release Season Sets .
 It 's Beavis and Butthead and it Frickin ' Rules !!! Go Watch the View or something if you 're not happy with these sets ...
 These dvds got made because they knew a certain amount of people would buy it guaranteed . Unfortunately for me , I was one of those people and I also bought the TIME-LIFE Series , so I own nearly half of these episodes allready which proves that I 'm an idiot like most of the characters in the show ... except for Todd , Todd 's cool!The viewing experience can give me a few chuckles , but always amuses at the least . I got a rip-off because I 've recieved all of these episodes in a previous release , but at least it proves that I 'm also an idiot like all of the characters featured on the show ... except for Todd , Todd 's cool!Beavis & Butthead gave us something that our parents hated . I loved them all the more for that reason , but now that I 'm older , I 'm beginning to see what they meant .
 This box set has to be good.My favorite episode is in it : Pregnancy Pause.Rated TV-14 for language and crude humor.Canada :14 A.Not for children under the age of 10 .
 Great addition to any fan 's collection , or any DVD collection for that matter . B&B is a great show , and it would be smart to get these sets now before the new episodes next month renew interest -LRB- and drive up prices ! -RRB- in the series . The only problem I have with these 3 sets is that it is only 2/3 of the episodes ever released , and a good amount of them had the original tapes edited because of MTV back in the day . Many episodes are lost through this , but the sets are great for getting 2/3 of the episodes .
 If you 've read my reviews of the other two volumes in this collection you should already know that I do n't consider it the travesty that many on this site seem to . So I 'll get right on to describing this volume.Volume 2 features the usual forty + episodes and twelve to thirteen videos . As an added bonus this volume not only features quite a few of my favorite episodes but it also includes my all-time favorite video scene , that being the B&B ; interpretation of MC 900 FT Jesus ' if I only had a Brain . I 'll say only that it could potentially be Beavis ' finest hour . But let 's get on to my usual list of personal favorites.Stuart Moves Away
 The Mike Judge Collection Volume 2 is a great collection for any Beavis and Butt-head fan . This 3 disc box set has alot to offer , and the case art looks great . None of the episodes have been edited for content . When I was buying this I was thinking `` Should I buy Volume 1 , or 2 , or 3 ? or all of them ? '' In the end i decided that because of the amount of information that was taken out of volume 1 , that i would only buy volumes 2 & 3 . In the end i was happy with my decision . Some of the edits in the first volume are acceptable , but other parts where Mike Judge just took out random lines for no reason -LRB- some of them did not make sense , like Beavis and Butt-head getting stiffys in fourth grade -RRB- . Overall this DVD is the best out of all three of them . The first two discs contain the episodes , and the third disc are bonus features such as promos , and music videos . The problem with this is that some of the music videos are not that great , and there are better , funnier videos that could have been put on ANY volume . It 's still a great collection , even though it is lacking in some areas , but I believe MTV and Mike Judge will never release every season on DVD -LRB- along with the music videos -RRB- in its original unedited form . Until then this is the best there is , but whatever you do , stay away from Volume 1 .
 If you 're in the same general age range as Sid the Elf , you have a strong connection to Beavis and Butt-Head in some way . You might even say they are role models . No ? That 's taking it too far ? Oh well . To us , for a time , theirs were lives to strive for . Let 's see , eat nachos , sit in front of the tv and make fun of things . That was a rainy summer day for young Sid . In fact , was the premise of Sid loving B to this obscene ammount helped out by Beavis and Butt-Head ripping apart countless videos like the Safety Dance -LRB- which had many elves and a crazy looking chick in it -RRB- ? It 's a strong possibility.Sid loved the boys so much that he talked like them pretty much non stop for no less than a year . He also had a peer who was trying to keep the spirit alive roughly 5 years after the show was done , culminating in the famous `` Get outta here . '' Our love for all things that ruled reached its zenith the night we watched `` Cow Tipping '' no less than 5 times . But we digreess . The only reason we gave this 4 stars is because of the videos . How could they not have inter cut the videos like in the original episodes ? Even if they could only get licensing for half of the videos , still put them in the episodes instead of lumping them together on a bonus feature.Other than the awful misuse of the videos , this set is perfect . If you laugh less than 100 times watching these episodes ... well , Sid does n't believe you . This show was an absolute staple for Sid growing up and it 's making its way into our wonderful B rotation through us popping it in after a flick , or watching a youtube clip . Either way it 's back in Sid 's life and we 're a better elf for it .
 I 've Watched Beavis and Butthead ever since I was little and they are absolutely funny and wonderful . I recommend getting this video for a laugh or two . The creator Mike Judge is absolutely wonderful and he created them in the early 90 's and he 's behind king of the hill too and he 's a wonderful person so please get the cd 's you 'll not be dissapointed : -RRB-
 We all really enjoyed this show . It , of course has bad language in it , but if you do n't mind that , it is very funny
 This is great collection . I only wish they had ALL the BEVIS and BUTTHEADs shows as well as ALL the music videos .
 how could you not love Beavis and Butthead . these collections are amazing , they include some awesome videos . i am in love
 I 'll be quick and succinct here
 These are easily some of the best B&B episodes ever . As a fan , I absolutely had to get this set , and I look forward to Vol . 3 in August !
 Cool ! Got ta collect them all ! Just when we all almost forgot about them , Number 4 cums and knocks your head off .
 hilarious even years later and to the newer generation of kids ! my brother loves these guys . Makes me proud ! lol
 It is so great to be able to watch these episodes again ! I 'm so glad to have these on DVD !
 i love this show so i had to buy this dvd , it never gets old . i could watch this dvd over and over !
 I was really happy with this dvd , it was n't that long when I got it in the mail . I love Beavis and Butthead and could never find this one of their dvd 's in my town . Thank you so much !
 The episodes on this volume are absolutely hilarious . All of these originally aired during the show 's prime back around the mid-90 's . Honestly , if these animated lunk-heads ca n't make you `` LOL '' , nothing else will .
 I ca n't get that dog-gone ending song out of my head ! It 's like a theme straight outta some Disney flick . If you think political satire is funny , if you think silly is funny , if you think penguins are cute , ... . heck , if you just `` think '' ; get An Inconvenient Penguin . Another Precipice productions gem ! And , I 'm just saying that .
 So , I bought this video per a friend 's recommendation . It 's very clever , very silly and thoroughly enjoyable . There are several laugh-out-loud moments . Be sure to watch the dance sequence at the end . I highly recommend this short . It 's a timely parody not to be missed .
 This movie short is filled with charm , wit , and lots of funny moments that you wo n't forget . I highly suggest everyone to watch this :--RRB- !
 Perfect for people with a well-used funny bone , and who do n't take things too seriously . This hilarious little mockumentary , as the previous reviewer says , merges `` March of the Penguins '' with `` An Inconvenient Truth . '' Imagine if global warming forces all the penguins to come to America for a better way of life . It 's an invasion of the senseless that 's easily worth the miniscule fee . One word describes this little adventure - `` DEVASTATING ! '' -LRB- heheheh -RRB-
 I found the trailer for this in the preview gallery at Create Space . I enjoyed that so much that I decided to buy it.This is a fun mockumentary of `` An Inconvenient Truth '' -- presented by enviornmentalist -LRB- and almost President -RRB- Algore and his reliable research team . -LRB- It 's a terrific , fun-hearted skewering of `` An Inconvenient Truth . '' Along with some mocking of border control , spirituality , and activism . I think they 've got it all covered -RRB- . The lead actor does a great imitation of Al Gore -- and I 'd never noticed until now how closely Al Gore actually resembles a penguin . Funny stuff.And I got ta mention the amateur fisherman doing an imitation of Bill Murray in Caddy Shack . That was as good as watching ... well ... Bill Murray in Caddy Shack . The guy 's epic , viking-style penguin pose is worth watching the movie for . But so is the dance to `` Waddle We Do Now ? '' at the end of the film.There are some great comic lines in this . Such as , `` You do n't feel comfortable in your own home when you have to lock up your food . `` The actors are obviously having fun , and they 're fun to watch as they deliver their jaw-droppingly ridiculous lines.I really enjoyed this . Certainly worth the $ 3 bucks .
 Until I got this movie , I did n't realize that there was a growing epidemic with penguins . I suddenly became frightened at what might happened to my friends and family , and hatched an escape plan in case the epidemic spread.Joking aside , this is pretty good fun if you liked March of the Penguins or an Inconvenient Truth . The acting is laughable both ways -LRB- It borders on hilarious and so bad it 's good -RRB- , and the whole presentation is a cool mockery -LRB- If you notice , the people in the presentation room are also the extras that are getting interviewed -RRB- . If there is one thing that is keeping the movie from being perfect is that it still holds a level of budget production values , which is appropriate but still detrimental to the viewing experience . Some of the transitions seriously looked like they were created on Windows Movie Maker.For three bucks , you ca n't go wrong for a few laughs , and the ending song `` Waddle we do '' will be in your head for at least a week .
 `` An Inconvenient Penguin '' is a great movie short . If you have watched `` An Inconvenient Truth '' and `` March of the Penguins '' , you will feel right at home with this movie . It is very entertaining and has a great sense of humor too . If your in the mood for some laughs , watch this !
 I enjoyed this movie . It has comedy and a wonderful love story . The acting was okay . I recommend it for those that enjoy the kind of movies where the geek gets the prom queen at the end of the movie .
 DVD arrived promtly and is in great shape . Fun movie , but about all those furs the ladies were wearing-ugh .
 I dont know where this famous saying saying started , but this movie gets my vote for having the word `` SWELL '' spoken in it more times than any other movie . I think I counted at least 12 times or more , I 'm not sure , it was so much fun counting them I almost could n't believe it ! I think I missed a few cause I started counting a wee bit into the movie before I caught on and began counting ! i.e. `` Oh ! He 's / She 's really SWELL etc ... And Randolph Scott - WOOF ! At 6 ' 2 his size and football Physique is impressive . Watch the parts when he 's standing next to Fred Astaire . Despite his size he is surprisingly agile.Thank God women and we gay men can ogle him AND some of the best 30 's fashions all in one movie.In any case it 's a different way to watch a movie . And oh ! yes , Irene Dunn . Her Thin/Shrill soprano voice in Smoke Gets In Your Eyes was INSUFFERABLE - Sorry . I could hardly wait for her to get over herself . OK , OK she was alright for the first two minutes of the song - but pleeeeease drop it a Key or two !
 Whatever you have heard or read to the contrary , this is the best Rogers/Astaire movie . The music is wonderful , the plot is painless , and the dances are the best these two ever did -- particularly `` I 'll Be Hard to Handle , '' recorded live so you hear Ginger 's breathless laughter . She was never again as beautiful or as sexy as she is here ; her five-second skip-dance to the window to hear Fred 's orchestra is greater than most performers ' entire careers . Endlessly re-seeable and enjoyable .
 When ROBERTA -LRB- the name of a chic fashion designer -RRB- was produced , Irene Dunne was the queen of the RKO lot , and the film was built around her . Dunne sang - with her own voice - YESTERDAYS , LOVELY TO LOOK AT & SMOKE GETS IN YOUR EYES . Astaire and Rogers dance to LOVELY TO LOOK AT & I WO N'T DANCE ; he and Ginger both sang and danced to the high-spirited I 'LL BE HARD TO HANDLE . If there are weak points in the film , they would include the blandness of Scott 's personna and a too-long fashion show at the finale . Notice the pretty blonde model who shows off a very expensive gown with ostrich feathers - it 's 24 year-old Lucille Ball !! The Otto Harbach-Jerome Kern musical ROBERTA caused a sensation on Broadway when it opened in the fall of 1933 , due mainly to its enchanting song SMOKE GETS IN YOUR EYES . The original broadway cast included Bob Hope -LRB- ! -RRB- , Fred MacMurray and Sydney Greenstreet -LRB- !! -RRB- ; it enjoyed a 295-performance run .
 Jerome Kern 's classic songs like `` I 'll Be Hard To Handle '' , `` Smoke Gets In Your Eyes '' , `` I Wo n't Dance '' , and `` Lovely To Look At '' are only part of the reason that I like Roberta . Even though Fred Astaire & Ginger Rogers were not the main focus of this movie they stole the show with thier dancing and comedy . Many people say that this was not Fred & Ginger 's best film but I disagree . No matter what anybody else thinks I still say that Roberta is `` Lovely to look at '' !
 this movie is extremely entertaining . Ginger 's accent is hilarious . -LRB- Vill you dell madame Robairta , that I have an engargment with de Marquis de Indianans . -RRB- She steals every scene she 's in , and her ` I 'll be hard to handle ' number is one of my favorites . she and Fred have that friends type relationship which is very amusing . Wisecracks fly everywhere , incuding Fred biting Ginger 's hand in the beginning !! They of course do fall into each other 's arms at the end , but would the public want it any other way ?
 Astaire and Rogers were the number one box office draw for 1935 , but it was n't because of the farsightedness of RKO . After the two had managed to score unexpected popularity as a result of their second billed roles in FLYING TO RIO , they obviously needed to be paired in a follow up film . Actually , Fred was quite hesitant about this . He had been part of a dance team for most of his life , as the lesser half of Adele and Fred Astaire . He was n't sure he wanted a new partner , and he was n't confident that Rogers , with her background in completely different dance forms , would be the right partner under the best of circumstances . Luckily , he gave the pairing a try , and the result was the greatest dance team in cinema history.Their second film together was THE GAY DIVORCEE , and it is shocking that after the success of that film , RKO could have even remotely considered having them second billed to anyone . Any film fan today can merely shake their head and ask , `` What were they thinking ? '' Luckily , after this film they were first billed again and reunited with their best director , Mark Sandrich , to continue a string of musical films that remain unmatched.So , trying to put the disappointment that Irene Dunne and not Fred and Ginger star in the film , how enjoyable is this film ? It is n't unwatchable , and the scenes with Fred and Ginger are good . They have some nice dance numbers , though their performance of `` Smoke Gets in Your Eyes '' seems more of an afterthought . Irene Dunne was a fine comedic actress , as films such as THE AWFUL TRUTH and MY FAVORITE WIFE would later show , but despite her later appearance in the James Whale version of SHOW BOAT a year later , I do n't care for her in musicals . Her voice was a tad too shrill for my taste , and her vibrato irritatingly fast . Moreover , while I like Randolph Scott in Westerns , he always seemed out of place in comedy -LRB- though he would be appropriate for MY FAVORITE WIFE -RRB- . He similarly marred FOLLOW THE FLEET , playing the second romantic lead to Fred . But there is another reason that this film falls far short of what we would later come to expect from an Astaire and Rogers film
 3/24/10In Roberta , Ginger demonstrates her best dancing with Fred Astaire . She is relaxed and confident -LRB- Possibly because Mark Sandrich did not direct this one -RRB- . Fred and Ginger prove that they can carry the comedy by themselves without too much support from rest of cast , although Irene Dunne and Randolph Scott render excellent proformances as the other romantic couple.Ginger and Fred also sing and dance superbly in this , one of their best oftheir 10 musical comedies . Songs include Cole Porter 's `` Smoke Gets in your eyes '' , considered by Fred to be his most romantic number . Ginger has fun with a French accent -LRB- She could imitate most any accent and was a consummant actress.Ginger Rogers and Fred Astaire 's success as a team is mostly due to their shared enthusaism and fun in working together in musical comedies ; they both were true professionals .
 As others have noted , the negative criticism of this excellent film is both uninformed and off-point . Randolph Scott is `` wooden '' because he 's playing a former football player , contrasting with the irrepressible vitality of Astaire & Rogers , and the awesome talents of Irene Dunne , which must have taken some effort for Scott , who could be quite unreserved off-camera . It 's also a film full of interesting historical perspectives , from emigre Russian aristocrats in Paris , to Astaire 's aspersions against the outfits he 's supposed to be selling in the fashion show , itself a staple of films of that time and after , e.g. , `` The Women '' and `` How To Marry A Millionaire . '' Yes , the dancing does n't occupy quite as much time as it does in other Astaire-Rogers films , but with Dunne and Scott on the set , who cares ? And then there 's Jerome Kern 's music , which should make any discerning mind wonder exactly what happened to American theatrical composition and popular song between his era and the present . But that 's the stuff of a documentary , not the engagingly pure , multifaceted entertainment that `` Roberta '' offers . More than two thumbs up
 OK so Irene Dunne is the star . Well she was a bigger , established cinema icon than newcomers Astaire and Rogers . But who really cares ? This is an enjoyable movie based on the hit play . Sit back and enjoy the high stepping that would forever immortalize the team of Astaire & Rogers and singing the wonderful songs by the great American composers . They get their just screen time and went on to star in their own vehicles . Irene does the definitive version of the classic SMOKE GETS IN YOUR EYES with her silken honey soprano and no one can top her.The story is a bit stagy and true , some of the brighter moments belong to Fred and Ginger . This is mainly because Randolph Scott who makes a dashing leading man is completely out of place as Dunne 's love interest in this film.Sit back , zip the lip and be thankful this classic is available on pristine DVD ! Want more , buy the Astaire 's / Roger 's box set which includes this early outing for them.Amen .
 The setting is the beau monde of Paris in the Thirties , when White Russian &eacute;migr&eacute;s , some 15 years after the revolution , were as common as Cubans in Miami after Castro . Irene Dunne plays a Russian princess , involved in a rather unfocused but fraught romance with Randolf Scott.I found this Russian angle charming ; I knew it from reading Nabokov , but always assumed the Russian subculture was obscure and furtive . Not at all ; these former counts and princes are driving cabs and waiting tables , but still manage to live life with style.Meanwhile , Fred and Ginger are having their usual light-hearted affair , Americans in Paris trying to make a living . He 's a bandleader and she 's a singer . -LRB- They both dance , too ... -RRB- There is a scene about one-third of the way through this movie , after Fred and Ginger have convinced a club owner to use their act . Ginger is rehearsing a song with the band -LRB- `` Hard to Handle '' -RRB- ; she finishes and joins Fred , who is lounging on the adjoining stairs . He 's wearing slacks with a handkerchief in lieu of a belt , and a shirt and tie , but still looks informal . They start kidding , then dancing and singing . Naturally they rehearsed this spontaneous scene before filming it , but it is still powerful . Virginia was 23 or 24 , Fred 35 or 36 when this movie was being made . She was gorgeous , and he was Astaire , and they were both on top of their game , lithe and quick
 Roberta was a musical on the Broadway stage in 1933 . Our heroine -LRB- played by Helen Westley -RRB- does n't last long in this film , released in 1935 . She seems to be on the point of expiring when the film opens and the rather far-fetched plot is all about what happens when her haute couture salon in Paris passes to her nephew -LRB- played by Randolf Scott -RRB- , who is an all-American football star . Not the most convincing of plots - actually based on a book called Gowns by Roberta by Alice Duer Miller - but it served its purpose as a vehicle for a ravishing score by Jerome Kern with lyrics by Otto Harbach . The same story set entirely in Paris was remade rather more convincingly in colour by MGM in 1952 as Lovely To Look At . Astaire was partnered here by Ginger Rogers in their third film together.The songs soon became popular standards and , together with the Astaire-Rogers dancing , helped the film along . They included ` Let 's begin ' , ` I 'll be hard to handle ' , ` You 're devastating , ' ` Lovely to look at ' , ` Smoke gets in your eyes ' -LRB- sung in the film by Irene Dunne -RRB- , and ` I wo n't dance ' , originally from a London-based show by Kern and Oscar Hammerstein but reworked here with new lyrics by Dorothy Fields . Randolph Scott , before his career in westerns , has a quite prominent role as a footballer friend of Astaire 's . The film is in black-and-white of course , given its age , but Astaire and Rogers look good together whether or not they are in colour .
 So head designer Stephanie -LRB- Irene Dunne -RRB- declares indignantly regarding the couture salon of that name . In my view , this sentiment can be applied to this film that shares the same title . It 's first-rate entertainment , sheer escapism for a 1935 Depression audience to laugh and forget their troubles . For modern audiences , it 's a fascinating glimpse back into a long gone era in film . Among it 's pleasures the enchanting , soign&eacute; Irene Dunne , Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers in their third film together cementing their hold on the movie going public , a melodious Jerome Kern score , a handsome stalwart leading man Randolph Scott , art deco inspired sets and a cavalcade of chic creations on some very alluring mannequins , including a baby faced blonde Lucille Ball in one of her earliest screen appearances.The story , John Kent -LRB- Randolph Scott -RRB- a former college football star accompanies his best buddy Huck Haines and his band the Wabash Indians to an engagement in Paris . While there he stops to visit his favorite Aunt Minnie -LRB- Helen Westley -RRB- who owns and operates a very chic couture house that goes by the moniker `` Roberta '' . Although Aunt Minnie 's spirits are youthful , she is elderly and in poor health . These days the creative talent behind `` Roberta '' is her head designer and assistant a beautiful White Russian princess called Stephanie -LRB- Irene Dunne -RRB- . One of `` Roberta 's '' clients a temperamental European countess -LRB- Ginger Rogers -RRB- turns out in fact to be an old acquaintance of Huck 's , an American singer and dancer Lizzie Gatz . Huck and Lizzie renew their friendship , and she helps get the band a booking at the nightclub where she performs . In the meantime Aunt Minnie and Stephanie work on polishing the rough edges on John with some success , in the process Stephanie and John begin to fall in love . Suddenly Aunt Minnie dies of a heart attack leaving `` Roberta '' to John . Since he knows nothing about running a dressmaking establishment , John persuades Stephanie to be his partner . However a snake turns up in their paradise , when John 's ex fianc&eacute;e a calculating , snide young socialite Sophie Teale -LRB- Claire Dodd -RRB- shows up in Paris and makes a beeline for `` Roberta '' and him.Regrettably , Irene Dunne does n't stand as highly as she should nowadays , but she was a treasure in the films of the 1930 's and 1940 's , equally adept at comedy or drama and could sing as well in a trained soprano voice that she uses here for three of Jerome Kern 's best numbers , `` Yesterdays '' , `` Smoke Gets in Your Eyes '' and `` Lovely to Look at '' , and by the way she certainly was in this . And with her patrician air of quiet good breeding you can certainly believe she was born a princess.In this third pairing together you can see just how much the Astaire/Rogers partnership is blossoming into something spectacular . Each brings the best out in the other . `` I 'll Be Hard to Handle '' , their first number together , has a loose , improvisational feel , as they trade steps together . The highlight is the dance to the accompaniment of `` Smoke Gets in Your Eyes '' , which is just wonderful , very romantic , both impeccable , he is white tails , she in gleaming black satin with a beautiful arch to her back . Astaire has a great solo with `` I Wo n't Dance '' , his feet flashing like the winged Mercury 's . Besides their skill in tripping the light fantastic , both are quite funny here , particularly Rogers with her ersatz continental accent.Of the quartet of leading players , Randolph Scott comes off as the least effective but in his defense , as written it 's a pretty conventional leading man role , basically it calls for a strapping good looking guy to romance the heroine and Scott fills the bill . In minor roles , Helen Westley has a down to earth coziness as Aunt Minnie and Claire Dodd as the nasty Sophie is attractive but has a smug set to her mouth and a hard glitter in her eye that make her an ideal villainess.Jerome Kern 's score was adapted from the Broadway hit of the same title , with the addition of some new numbers written for the film , the best of which are `` Lovely to Look At '' and `` I Wo n't Dance . '' While not Kern 's best score , it 's still a winner and Irene Dunne and Fred Astaire who share the lion 's share of the songs , do full justice to it.Two of the most impressive features are the sets by art director Carroll Clark and set dresser Thomas A. Little and the gowns by designer Bernard Newman . The sleek , settings evoke the art deco period so popular at that time , and the gowns are very glamorous , probably Hollywood 's version of haute couture , but they are believable as Parisian originals . Both Irene Dunne and Ginger Rogers look very desirable in form fitting gleaming satin evening gowns , Dunne in a deceptively high necked clingy white version , while Rogers sizzles in a low cut slinky black model . In the fashion show sequence it was a pleasure for me as a man to see models who looked groomed and sophisticated , possessing poise and elegance in their carriage that in fact were lovely to look at . This was quite a refreshing change when contrasted against some of atrociously dressed sullen cadavers who clomp and flounce down the fashion runways these days . As I mentioned Lucille Ball is one of the models in the fashion show , she 's almost unrecognizable , she wears a white feathered gown and has platinum curls . However she does get a close up , and you can see it 's her , so watch for it.This is not a holiday film , but certainly is fun to watch during the holidays , Turner Classic Movies ran it once on New Year 's Day some years ago , and Thanksgiving Day the year before last , but it 's charms work anytime . Try it and see , as it originally did with it 's weary Depression audiences , it will lift your spirits and put a smile on your face .
 Fred and Ginger , as always , are great ; but it would also be a great injustice to overlook Irene Dunne 's performance in this classic . Her singing is first rate , her acting is excellent and , without a doubt , she is `` lovely to look at '' . All this -- and Lucy too !
 I found this to be a very entertaining musical with some decent mixture of songs , comedy and romance . There are no less than three leading ladies and they all look good . Two of them are big names
 `` Roberta '' , the third film in the Astaire/Rogers canon , was released in 1935 as their stars were still rising . The film was based on a successful Broadway musical . In 1935 , Irene Dunne was a big movie name so she had the lead . Hindsight makes us regret that Astaire and Rogers are not the primary focus but it made sense when the film was released . While Randolph Scott is merely adequate as the football hero paired with Dunne , the film has many highlights : - `` Let 's Begin '' is a terrific novelty number with Astaire paired with 2 comic dancers - `` Smoke gets in your Eyes '' , a number still recorded today , is sung by Dunne in her cool soprano . Dunne was a first rate actress and she uses her acting skills to interpret the song superbly . - both Astaire and Rogers have some excellent comic bits and they shine with the dialogue . - the fashion show is lugubrious but a very blonde and statuesque Lucille Ball can be glimpsed among the mannequins . - Rogers dancing shows a distinct improvement from her previous films and she is fluid and sexy.The print of the film is excellent and there are a few extras . The short film is a technicolour opus set at a resort with many stars appearing between mainly mediocre and boring musical acts . Marketing , 1935 style , comes from a radio program which promotes the film 's Jerome Kern songs and the theatrical trailer . A cartoon is included too.This is one of the least interesting DVDs in the Astaire/Rogers collections and best value if purchased as part of one of them .
 For several reasons , this is the comparatively hidden entry in the classic Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers filmography , but this 1935 film has been blissfully released in a fairly clean print transfer on DVD , both as an individual purchase and as part of a complete Astaire-Rogers DVD set . With great songs from the Jerome Kern songbook , the movie certainly contains the high-caliber musical quality of the other films starring the dancing pair . The challenge is really in the cumbersome story set-up and in the simple fact that Astaire and Rogers play decidedly secondary characters in the story.The film 's primary focus is on Stephanie , an exiled Russian princess working as a sales assistant in the House of Roberta , the most fashionable couturi&egrave;re in all of Paris . It is run by a lovable dowager referred to as Aunt Minnie , whose nephew Jack Kent ends up in Paris after his band gets fired right after they disembark from their transatlantic voyage . Astaire plays Jack 's best friend , bandleader `` Huck '' Haines , and Rogers is a faux-Polish countess named Sharvenka a.k.a. Lizzie Gatz , Huck 's ex-dancing partner who has become a Paris nightclub headliner . The various romantic pairings occur , but an unexpected tragedy strikes with Minnie 's death and her wish to leave the shop to the woefully unqualified Jack , who of course needs Stephanie 's fashion sense to make the company continue to thrive.The plot threads start to feel unwieldy after a while , but journeyman director William A. Seiter is smart enough to know when to include the musical interludes . Astaire-Rogers fans may be disappointed to find them dance only twice in the film together , the first well after the half-hour mark in an informal but energetic tap routine and the second near the end in their standard formal wear . Astaire has only one solo to `` I Wo n't Dance '' ; and perhaps to pacify fans , there is a brief reprisal dance inserted after the story 's actual ending though dramatically it makes little sense . Irene Dunne gets to sing four songs - a Russian lullaby and three Kern gems -LRB- `` Yesterdays '' , `` Smoke Gets in Your Eyes '' and `` Lovely to Look At '' -RRB- - in her bell-like operatic soprano , pretty in itself but seemingly at odds with the jazzy sound of the rest of the score.A year before she let her inner screwball comedienne emerge in `` Theodora Goes Wild '' , a severe-looking Dunne is saddled with a stiff , uninteresting part as Stephanie , and she is not aided much by a bumptious Randolph Scott , who has to play the somewhat ignorant and judgmental Jack on a relative one note . Astaire and a particularly funny Rogers , on the other hand , are breezy and sharp with the little screen time they do get . Little-remembered Claire Dodd predictably plays Jack 's slithery fianc&eacute;e Sophie , while character actress Helen Westley plays Minnie with her amusing gruffness intact -LRB- she was to reunite with Dunne the next year in James Whale 's classic version of `` Showboat '' -RRB- . There 's an extended fashion show at the end , and you can easily spot a bleached blonde , baby-faced Lucille Ball in ostrich feathers among the models . The resulting movie shows the whole to be somewhat less than the sum of its parts , but it 's still worthwhile for the talent involved in the production . The 2006 DVD contains some interesting curios as extras - the original trailer -LRB- in relatively poor condition -RRB- ; a full-color twenty-minute 1935 musical short , `` Starlit Days the Lido '' , with oddly attired variety acts entertaining bemused Hollywood stars like Clark Gable and Robert Montgomery ; a vintage cartoon , `` The Calico Dragon '' about a little girl 's dream of her stuffed animals coming to life to protect her from the dragon ; and an eleven-minute audio-only radio promo for the movie .
 I have had the opportunity to see this movie several times and want to own the video someday . The music and dancing is extrodinaire , and the acting is impeccable , I simply loved it . Irene Dunne has a wonderful role as so often she did in movies of this genre ... such as `` The Awful Truth '' and `` My Favorite Wife '' both co-starring Cary Grant . Even the fashion boutique slant to the `` Roberta '' story is interesting in that the designs are quite beautiful and viable for the year in which the movie was made . Again , if only for the dancing of Astaire and Rogers this video is well worth seeing over and over .
 I love this movie . The quality is excellent , one of Ginger and Fred 's best films.The music is unsurpassed and stands up today , great music is great forever .
 This is a fun old fashioned movie . I bought it for my son who is learning to tap dance at the age of 32 . he loves it too . Just sit back , relax and enjoy . They do n't make entertainment like this anymore .
 Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers share their spotlight with beautiful songbird Irene Dunne in this pleasant version of the Kern/Harbach musical theater hit ROBERTA.When American football player John Kent -LRB- Randolph Scott -RRB- inherits his Aunt Roberta 's fashion boutique in Paris , he finds himself falling for lovely assistant Stephanie -LRB- Irene Dunne , hiding Russian royal blood -RRB- and fighting off the clutches of a nasty former girlfriend -LRB- Claire Dodd -RRB- . Also on board for the ride are fun-loving bandleader Huck Haines -LRB- Fred Astaire -RRB- , and the phoney Polish cabaret sensation Comtesse Scharwenka -LRB- Ginger Rogers -RRB- ! The Otto Harbach/Jerome Kern score contains such delights as `` Yesterdays '' , `` Smoke Gets in Your Eyes '' and `` Lovely to Look At '' -LRB- a new addition for the movie -RRB- . Fred and Ginger trip the light fantastic with `` Let 's Begin '' , `` I 'll Be Hard to Handle '' and `` I Wo n't Dance '' . The perfect movie for a lazy Sunday afternoon .
 Fred Astaire is known , of course , as a dancer , but he was sadly underestimated for his skills as a singer and a musician . In Roberta , one of the highlights of the film is that we get to see Fred Astaire playing the `` feelthy piano '' -- Ginger 's words , not mine . Actually , it 's a jazzy rendition of `` I Wo n't Dance '' . I love watching Fred Astaire dance , and I really love watching him play the piano ! If I remember correctly , Roberta was the first picture we saw that really showcased the piano-playing of Fred Astaire , others that followed are Follow the Fleet , Broadway Melody of 1940 , and Let 's Dance . So go and buy this movie . Treat yourself to one of the finer things in life !
 From the thin-pack complete A&R ; set.Good print , good video , good audio.Five stars for what it is , an adaptation of the Jerome Kern musical , and starring Irene Dunne , with Randolph Scott plus A&R. ; Only four stars if perceived as an Astaire & Rogers movie , because it is n't . Randolph Scott plays a true-blue easy-going athletic good boy whose favorite aunt -LRB- Roberta of the title -RRB- likens him to a Newfoundland dog . In a good way.Ya know how Gary Cooper was affectionately mocked as having a vocabulary limited to `` Yup '' and `` Nope '' ? Or how stoners are likewise mocked for their limited vocabularies?Well , in this story , Scott 's character often expresses himself with , `` Gee , that 's swell , '' or `` Gee , you 're swell . '' It is a running gag throughout the story . In fact , it is sort of the reason why the character 's previous girlfriend ditched him . He was too hick . And it plays on the `` dumb jock '' stereotype . Scott 's character is a coach.Irene Dunne plays the dispossessed European princess who earns her way working for Roberta . Her amazing set of pipes are on full display , as she sings `` Smoke Gets in Your Eyes , '' Kern 's classic hit from the original Broadway show.Dunne sings classically here , and is very effective . It is culture . And entertaining . In a highbrow way.The romance is sweet , the comedy is funny , Dunne is perfect , Scott is perfect in a thankless role , Fred and Ginger dance beautifully , Ginger sings sexy , Fred cracks wise .
 I read the reviews you have . It seems no one picked up the Mae West bit that Ginger did with Randolph . Not too campy but obviously having some fun . There are a few other insider moments as whenFred says he has to get out of the dressmaking business because his voice is going up an octave !! There are others which I will let you have the fun of discovering on your own . Irene Dunn is a class act and Smoke Gets in Your Eyes is tops . I felt Randolph was a bit wooden , but nice to look at . Ginger and Fred have a free energy that is wonderful .
 The music and Dunne 's singing , especially Lovely To Look At , ca n't be beat . She was versatile , beautiful and a joy to watch . What a great lady.I agree that Rogers dancing was never better . Keep your eyes peeled during the Fashion Show and you will see a very young Lucille Ball.If you want to see class ! If you want the `` best '' in voice and acting -LRB- Dunne -RRB- and the best in dance -LRB- Astare and Rogers -RRB- than by all means Roberta is a must see !
 The movie is boring but that is not the reason to watch the film . Astaire and Rogers are about the dancing and wonderful music they introduced . All of Fred & Ginger 's dances are `` must see '' but the enthusiasm and chemistry in `` Hard to Handle '' is a highlight in film - the joy of youth is on display here . Ginger has stated the fun they had in making this movie and the laughs are real in `` Hard to Handle '' . Fred has said `` Smoke Gets In Your Eyes '' was a favorite of his . Watch Fred play the piano and solo dance in `` I Wo n't Dance '' - maybe his best as a musician . How about Fred 's rapport with his `` Band '' . All fantastic moments . The chemistry of Fred & Ginger was never better - not yet superstars and it shows - they were a `` team '' . IMO all the RKO movies represent Fred 's vision as choreographer as opposed to him `` performing '' in the MGM movies . The RKO team of Mark Sanders , Pan Berman , Hermes Pan , Astaire & Rogers , Berlin & Gershwin & Porter all peakedat the same time - creating their own version of a musical with unique precision . Fred & Ginger were `` super stars '' soon after and although more polished , the early energy is gone by `` Shall We Dance '' . All of their music and dancing has it own special place - the two had different complimentary talents and were incapable of anything less when paired . Ginger & Judy Garland & Bing Crosby brought out the best in Fred . Rita & Cyd were great but not quite the confidence . Watch all the Astaire-Rogers , Easter Parade with Judy , Holiday Inn with Bing , and Bandwagon with Cyd Charisse . And get his TV specials `` An Evening With Fred Astaire '' .
 This movie does what limited budget , independent films do best
 -LRB- 1971 -RRB- Valeria -LRB- Sophia Loren -RRB- has just broken up with the man she 's been dating for four years , seeing as how she just found out he 's married and has a family all this time , by demolishing his car before verbally tearing him a new a * hole . Distraught , she goes home where she lives with her parents -LRB- which was still commonplace at that time in Italian households -RRB- , heads to her room and begins ingesting twenty narcotic pills to end it all . The pills she begins to take are laid out on a magazine cover that has a suicide hotline ad displayed , and she phones it as a comically ironic last gesture . The person at the other end of the line is Prof. Don Mario -LRB- Marcello Mastroianni -RRB- , who just happens to also be a priest . He advises her not to go through with it , but she continues to ingest the narcotics while they converse , ultimately passing out while still on the phone with him.Father Don gets a phone call from the local hospital while teaching a classroom of Catholic hoodlums the next day , and is surprised to find out that Valeria was brought in for overdosing and has been calling his name incessantly since regaining consciousness . He takes the call and she implores him to visit her at the hospital . Reluctantly agreeing , he shows up and she finds out that he 's a priest , but is n't deterred one bit from her attraction to him . She pursues him religiously -LRB- pun intended -RRB- , and the comedic chemistry between these two iconic actors from the Silver Age of cinema , who have appeared together in a total of twelve films , is kicked into high gear for our amusement , enjoyment and , ultimately , befuddlement by the time the film ends . I was n't prepared for the flick to end the way it did , as it fought the typical Hollywood prerequisite prevalent at that time in popular films . And it confronted the age-old Catholic conundrum by questioning the consequences of celibacy . Which may be why it 's not as well known as some of their other pairings like ` Marriage , Italian Style ' or ` Yesterday , Today and Tomorrow ' . If you 're , like me , a fan of both or either of these wonderful actors , this is mandatory viewing , even at the steep price-gouging by Warner Archives -LRB- you 'd think that if they were asking Criterion prices for these films , they could throw in some bonus material , but we do n't even get a trailer , let alone a featurette -RRB- . Regardless , Sophia and Marcello are superb and superlative in their roles , and I enjoyed this film tremendously . As they say , `` they just do n't make 'em like that anymore '' ...
 The Priest 's WifeThe explosive chemistry between Marcello Mastroianni and Sophia Loren is undeniable . Although this is not one of their best films together , it is still very good . Sophia is delightful as the hot tempered , scorned woman who fails at all her relationships and then sets her cap on a priest played by Marcello . Handsome Marcello is incredibly believable as the celibate , pious priest who tries to help Sofia while attempting to rebuke her advances . Of course he fails so the age old duplicity of priests is well highlighted . Very good movie , well worth a view. ,
 Who can resist these leading couple , the Italian equivalent of Hepburn & Tracy , Bogart and Bacall , with the pairing of Sophia Loren and Marcello Mastroianni.They absolutely shine in their comedic genius and Sophia looks absolutely ravishing in her mod clothing . And WOW what a looker she is.There is also some good camera work with some swell sights of late 60s/early 70s ItalyA definite must have for all Sophia and or Marcello fans .
 I was a little skeptical when I purchased this video but after watching it I found out that it was a really good movie . There is n't a lot of gore in it like other movies but it takes you to the level of being in the water with these people . I felt my heart pounding every time the shark came near . I felt the fear the people had in the water . I have watched it several times and enjoy it every time .
 okay your thinking another shark movie , eek ... but the reef is a good movie if this is your kind of genre , its based on a true events , the only thing is the real shark was a tiger shark and it was only 3 people and the captain of the boat was the only survivor , the specail effects are really good and the star of the movie is off course the shark , who is stalking the people in the water . its not that bloody but it has its momets .
 A very intense movie that keeps you at edge of your seat ! If you like shark movies you will like this one .
 If you liked the movie JAWS then you will love The Reef . This movie will keep your adrenalin pumping from beginning to end . This movie uses the real to life actions of sharks feeding . Those actions will scare you .
 Since I saw `` Jaws '' as a child , WAY too young for this type of movie -LRB- I am traumatized for life ! -RRB- , I have loved shark movies . This one goes way beyond the psychological terror of `` Jaws , '' because it 's so realistic . I was terrified all the way through , and can highly recommend this movie . I watched it on my first plane trip to Australia , and it perfectly ruined me for any future small boat rides . I can see why it affected Australian tourism -- no way I am going anywhere NEAR the ocean in Australia in a boat !!!
 Genuinely terrifying -LRB- though very familiar -RRB- tale of things that go bump in the water . The Reef is a huge cut -LRB- or shall I say bite -RRB- above the rest . this film does have a major sense of dejavu for anyone who has seen the creepfest known as Open Water , however , this film is also directed and acted with great skill that any comparisons are instantly forgivable . There is an overwhelming sense of dread in this film within the first 20 minutes . The terror these people feel is palpable and will leave even the most jaded viewer deeply unnerved . There are a few bad reviews on here describing a boring bloodless movie . Dont listen to them ! If you want a stupid unrealistic gorefest of a shark movie than watch one of the countless direct to dvd movies that over crowd the shelves at Walmart . The Reef is a tense scary thriller that delivers in generating more than a few chills . One beef I had with the movie was the `` based on a true story '' tag . This ploy is so overdone and ridiculous and makes one think that the filmaker didnt have enough confidence in his film to stand on its own merits without having to fabricate a `` true story '' gimmick . All in all worth seeing if you like to be scared .
 It appears this story was taken from an actual event . There 's no way for the viewer to tell how much the story was tweeked for filming purposes but the producers / director conveyed this in a very unsensational , unexploitative . manner.Here 's the scoop . Set in Australia , five friends -LRB- three guys and two women -RRB- set out on a cruise . About ten miles from shore their boat hits a reef and capsizes . There is little hope of rescue so they need to swim the ten miles back without getting eaten by sharks.I liked this . The shark thing has been done any number of times in film and I 'm a bit surprised they keep rebooting it , but here you can see why . Everything in this movie happens in a very believable manner . The viewer is introduced to the characters just well enough in the beginning to sort them out . You do n't get types . Just real people . When the boat hits the reef one of the two veterans in the group lays out their options logically . Nothing is trumped up . Just ` it is what it is ' and this is our best course of action . Four go . One opts to stay . They hit the water and head back to shore . Then the sharks happen . These are not over-the-top Jaws style attacks . They 're very quick and , though unspectacular , still carry a gravity in the way the players react . The final kill might have been a bit much but they could have played it a lot heavier and , thankfully , they did n't . It 's shot and cut well . The actors all do a stand-up job . At 88 minutes , it does n't ware out its welcome . This is just a good , solid effort by all involved .
 I realize `` The Reef '' was only loosly based on the 1983 events off Lodestone-Great Barrier Reef-north of Townsville , Queensland Australia.Overall it was entertaining and I liked the movie . But personally I would have liked it alot more had they stuck more to facts . 3 people , not 4 , 1 male survives . Mainly , they should have used a Tigershark instead of a Great White.Movies with Great White 's have been done to death .
 If sharks scare you like they do me , then you will love this -LRB- or hate it -RRB- depending if you like to be scared ! I found this movie terrifying and I loved it . The only irritating part of this movie is the dude with the goggles needed to look in the water WAAAY more often , it drove me crazy ! A nice scare good movie .
 The Reef was based on a true story about a ship delivery man Luke -LRB- Damian Walshe-Howling -RRB- and his 4 friends Matt -LRB- Gyton Grantley -RRB- sister Kate -LRB- Zoe Naylor -RRB- Matt 's Fiancee Suzie -LRB- Addrienne Pickering -RRB- and Warren -LRB- Kieran Darcy-Smith -RRB- sail a Yacht through Australia 's beautiful Barrier Reef but shark infested waters and along their way , their ship is torn open & flipped over by sharp rocks and slowly begins to sink leaving the passengers with a terrifying choice
 I 'm a shark lover , but I 'm also terrified of them . That does n't stop me from watching shark week every year or searching out any creature feature I can find . I do n't think another shark movie will come along and top Jaws , but this movie does offer some competition . It 's been so long since I 've seen a good shark movie so I was very surprised when this one turned out to be so good . It 's terrifying . The open shots of the ocean make you feel very vunerable and the far away glimpses are just as frightening . The attacks are n't contrived and feel very realistic . I do n't want to give too much away for those who are reading the reviews and are trying to decide whether or not they want to see it . The shark is the real star though the human performances are pretty good too . It 's amazing what can be done with little CGI !
 I definetly suggest you watch this movie . It was done so well , and so realistic . They did n't get too carried away with showing the shark , and they did n't give it human emosions like other movies have so foolishly done . It keeps you on the edge of your seat with huge amounts of suspense . In many ways I consider to be even better then jaws .
 Yes , The Reef is similar to Open Water but ramps up the scare factor by giving us the mother of all sharks , the Great White . The way in which the movie puts you amongst the actors is really well done . You feel like you are there with them . When the camera dips under the surface of the water with the bobbing motion of the waves you get little glimpses of what lies beneath . The tension is unbearable at times and I felt sick with fear . It 's the anticipation of the oncoming attack that had me wriggling in my seat . Believe me , when the first attack comes you will bang your head off the ceiling in fright.I admit that this is my worst fear . Being stalked by a predator in their own territory . Especially in the ocean by a Great White . You get moments of respite to catch your breath and lower your stress levels . That just adds to the tension as these guys have to push on to reach dry land . Will they get to dry land and survive ? Watch it and see if you dare.Not for the faint hearted this one . Viewing discretion is highly advised . Superbly done and a masterclass in tension and horror
 The most suspenseful , terrifying film I have ever seen . It has taken me 3 weeks to get through the final hour in 5 minute intervals .
 Not for children ! It is on the edge of you seat action . You know what will happen , you just do n't know when . Reminiscent of Jaws . You feel like you are in the water too . You can feel the terror that these people are going through .
 Awesome movie . Very realistic and thrilling . Could be the second best shark movie after JAWS !!!! Great acting throughout the movie . Very intense once the `` boat rolls over '' !
 The Reef was slow in the beginning and really did n't pick up until the last 40 minutes or so but it was still quite good , one reason for me was because Damian Walshe-Howling is so hot and easy to look at . . the acting was very believable from all the actors but I could n't take my eyes off of Howling.This movie was 20 times more nerve racking and tense than Open Water or any other shark film . Reasons being besides the fact that the camera angles were brilliant but The story also made you care about some of the characters so when they were in danger you felt like you were being terrorized as well.All said and done a great addition to the what lurks beneath genre .
 This movie is not your typical ; &#34; bimbo-gets-it-first &#34; . I found myself on the edge of my seat , praying that each protagonist will live to see another day . This movie is not filled with visual dismemberment , although it is left to the imagination . If you are looking for another &#34; Jaws &#34; , you will not find it here , however , this movie is worth every minute of your couch time . &#34; The Reef &#34; delivers suspense and horror without going over the top . I loved it !
 So refreshing to see this type of film in Australian hands than in American . For instance the women are a couple of big boned sheilas who look like they can handle themselves than victims already . The captain is a man to ogle over with a neat as a hawk virility.The scenery is the bluest sky and ocean lit by the purest sunlight . On a sensation level it makes this film feel so good despite the shark baitt terror Sensible acting no uncalled hysteria.On an amusing note the actors quickly start to look like the ones in Open Water who looked genuinley atavistically scared despite cages and and maybe sharksperts with tasers at the ready . They also look authentically very chilly bobbing aroung until the right camera take.Sure to reinstill a phobia for deep water as Jaws did a generation ago no matter how far north it is ...
 `` Your more likely to die from a bee sting then get killed be a shark . '' After the boat that they are on gets damaged and is unable to move , five friends must decide to wait it out on the boat or swim to an island . When the decision is made they soon begin to regret thier choice . First of all I will say that I did enjoy the movie . I have not yet seen the movie `` Open Water '' , but after watching this I feel like I have . This movie is repetitve but keeps you watching . People swim , they see a shark ... over and over . Like `` Open Water '' this is a true story , which helps in the enjoyment of this . There really is n't much more to say about this movie , not too much to it , but it is entertaining . Overall , I liked it , but if you have seen `` Open Water '' this may be too much of the same thing to fully enjoy it . I give it a B.Would I watch again ? - I do n't think I will . * Also try - Frozen & Open Water
 It 's definitely not the way I would like to die.Three people meet their friend Luke somewhere in Australia . He and his work buddy takes them out on a yacht . They go snorkeling for the day at this small secluded island . Afterwards , when the tide is low , they hurry to the yacht and set sail . A little while later the yacht capsizes and ends up w / a hole in it . Luke suggests to the group that they take a chance and swim back to that tiny island rather than take a chance and drift out further on the capsized yacht . Everyone except Luke 's working buddy agrees to swim back to the island ; being a fisherman , he knows the waters have sharks in them . Luke salvages a floatation board , breaks it , and divided the pieces to aid in swimming . Luke guesses the island is 12 miles away and they should make it there in three hours . Once they head out , drowning is the least of their worries.Of course , the hook of this movie is the suspense in which there is plenty of . The gore and/or blood factor was not overused . What really made this movie , in my opinion , is that it focused on the terror being felt by the group of people in the water . It concentrated on the people 's hysteria being terrorized by the shark - especially when not in view . There is not really a surprise twist which is actually refreshing.pjt
 great suspense movie . no fake sharks , real great whites . better than open water . great indepedant film . thought it would be a cheap sci-fi channel crap , but not so .
 This is a very intense movie that just gives me the chills , especially because it 's based in reality . Very gruesome that this actually happened . Quite suspenseful .
 I really enjoyed this movie . Some people think it 's a little slow and boring but I have a deep love for the ocean . I was disapointed to find that it was not based on actual events but rather another situation with crocs in some swamp . But do n't let that stop you from a least seeing it . Rent it first then decide . It 's not for every one but if you want a movie that looks realistic this is a good one .
 This is a great movie very suspenseful and entertaining it was a great shark movie and i totally recommend it to anyone whos a shark lover .
 Enjoyed the movie ! I never was able to put the DVD on hold to get another bag of popcorn . This is one of those movie you 're focused to the tube because you never know what else is going to happened .
 A snorkeling trip through the Great Barrier Reef turns deadly for a small group of friends when their boat strikes bottom and capsizes in the shark infested waters . BLACK WATER director Andrew Traucki returns with another survival horror film entitled THE REEF , which is Australia 's answer to OPEN WATER . Although it is very similar in structure , THE REEF fails to generate the same impact that OPEN WATER had on audiences in 2003 despite the inclusion of a menacing Great White that threatens the divers . Its greatest downfall is that Traucki 's characters do nothing to draw the audience in to their perilous plight , and the larger cast sets the film up to be a body count picture -LRB- which Traucki does deliver -RRB- . Like in BLACK WATER , however , THE REEF provides many more shocks and surprises that will have viewers jumping out of their seats ! Traucki uses the same expert composites to place the shark right next to his actors for a number of jarring attacks . The use of real footage taken from right alongside all of the action gives the film a heightened sense of authenticity as well . With stronger central characters , THE REEF could have been a much more powerful film , but it is still sure to appeal to fans that were disappointed in OPEN WATER 's overall inaction.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 Wow was this movie ever tense . I know what your thinking oh great another Open Water movie . Now you are correct in some ways . Yes they are stuck in the water the whole time in the movie , yes a shark stalks them , yes it is a slow burn movie . I hated Open Water so much but for some reason this movie I guess is executed in a better way and the actors are better too . I just thought it was so tense through out the whole movie and just not knowing when and where the shark was going to attack next . Very good flick .
 If you 're a shark lover ... like I am ... you will enjoy this movie . The scenes are scary ... the acting is fine ... it will leave you with a feeling of do n't go near the water .
 My hubby and I really enjoyed this movie ! It kept us on the edge of our seat for sure . Definately worth renting : - -RRB-
 `` The Reef '' is only loosely based on the overturning of a fishing trawler in rough seas off the North Queensland coast in 1983 . The three survivors were attacked by one or more Tiger sharks , and only the captain was able to swim to a reef where he was rescued by searchers . `` The Reef '' tells the story of four friends who are forced to abandon their overturned small yacht off the coast of North Queensland when the boat 's keel is torn off by impact with rock or coral . There is little time for character development in the short time that elapses before tragedy strikes the travellers.Fearing that the boat will be carried further out to sea by the current or sink , the four decide to swim to Turtle Island which is believed to be about ten miles away . On their long swim they are constantly stalked by one of the most fearsome predators in the sea - a Great White shark . The impact of the story is greatly enhanced by the refusal of the film makers to fall back on unrealistic CGI sharks . As they are repeatedly attacked by the Great White , the actors appear to be actually in the sea with a real shark . The cinematography , both above and below water , deserves the highest marks . Without giving the story away , it can be said that the film has some truly frightening moments , and the sense of unrelenting menace creates almost unbearable tension and raises this film well above `` Open Water '' on a scare factor rating.The product of 15 million years of evolution , the Great White is probably the most intelligent shark in the sea , and noted for its ability to lift its head out of the water to appraise its prey or those who are hunting it , as was seen in `` Jaws '' . Attack images of the outthrust jaws of Great White sharks are truly nightmarish and the film makers have not erred in placing this monster close to Turtle Island which is located at the southern end of the Great Barrier Reef . The Great White has been known to range much further north along the Great Barrier Reef .
 It 's hard to compare this movie to others . It was loosely based on a true story with some obvious liberties for plot . It fell beneath the radar as it was an Austrailian made film . Just in its release there were places banning the movie due to the expected effect that it would have on Austrailian tourism . Perhaps this is because it is a very realisticly made movie taking place in an area of Austrailia which is reknown for seals as well as the Apex predators that feed on them . The reefs are a beauty unlike any other but harbor many dangers . There is much realism in the production value here . By this I mean that they used only real sharks in the filming of the movie . No CGI effects to `` muddy the water '' here . The actors were in the water at times with a true Great White shark.I think that these facts add to the tension . And tension is what this movie gives you over and over.I will not spoil the fun but the basic plot takes 4 aussies out on a chartered boat together in search of a deserted island . They find it without any problem but within about 20 minutes of the film the subject matter takes a turn . The boat they are on hits a Reef in the middle of the night turning a nice trip into a fight for survival . Being in a remote area with no planes flying over is a recipe for disaster . Some 12 miles away from the island they just visited -LRB- perhaps the size of a gymnasium -RRB- they find themselves in the water with no supplies -LRB- all washed into the ocean -RRB- . They climb on top of the far too damaged bottom of the boat and plan their next step . The captain of the boat -LRB- a commercial fisherman and sea salt -RRB- makes the most prophetic and educated statement of the movie which is chilling to those with a fear of the ocean and it 's elements , `` I 've fished these waters for years and I know what is in these waters . You will never get me into this water . I will stay on the boat no matter what ! `` Herein lies the tension of the film . Forced with either staying on the boat until they are found -LRB- and possibly moving deeper into sea and more into trouble on the current that is pulling them to ? -RRB- OR making a life or death swim 12 miles through shark infested water to get back to the island they were forced to leave after a very brief visit . I will not go into the whos and what 's but some stay and some leave and what happens from here is over 1 hour of a life or death struggle with the fears that many of us dream about while safely out of said water.The biggest reason to watch this movie is because of the way it plays with you psychologically . Early in the film one of the main characters has just gotten into the water for the first time and after several minutes of magnificent underwater life it all of a sudden gets extremely calm all around her . Like the sound has been completely taken away . She looks around her , to the right , the left , behind her ... And then she sees a shark swimming deep below the surface in the craggy reef . She does n't know what to do . Swim away ? Sit still ? This is the mood that the directors are going for and it is achieved . A haunting sense of the unknown , of being in a situation you ca n't possible control . This movie is well acted , well paced and enjoyable if you like a good scare or the uncomfortable feeling like that scare is slowly circling you and sizing you up . . At that point it is just too late ... On the negatives a certain reef scene near the end is just a little too scripted to fit and I will give no more away . Other than that particular scene near the end of the film it felt genuine and scary!In short , I highly reccomend this film . It is not likely at your local rental store as it was not domestically touted but it is a truly well made and tense shark attack movie based on a true story . Enjoy !
 THIS IS THE BEST SHARK MOVIE SINCE JAWS THE WAY THE DIRECTOR USES FOOTAGE OF THE GREAT WHITE SHARK IS FANTASTIC VERY REALISTIC NOT LIKE ALOT OF THE CGI THAT IS USED IN MOVIES THESE DAYS THIS IS A MUST BUY FOR ANYONE INTO THESE KIND OF MOVIES YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED ALSO DONT COMPARE THIS TO OPEN WATER AS THIS IS WAY BETTER AND IS ALOT MORE EXCITING ... . ENJOY !!!
 Judge Patrick Naugle , DVD Verdict -- To look at the cover of The Reef you would assume one of two things . The first would be that this is a chintzy , fourth rate B-movie from a studio cashing in on every other killer shark movie made in the past decade , especially the upcoming big budget thriller Shark Night 3D -LRB- which , by the way , looks flippin ' awesome ... but I digress -RRB- . The second would be that this is one of those Roger Corman produced Syfy station clunkers about various slimy , horrible monsters/reptiles/mutations / hybrids that battle each other under a San Francisco bridge . The good news is you 'd be wrong on both counts
 This is a well-done and entertaining shark movie that caught me by surprise . While I was n't expecting a lot more than the normal `` B-movie '' shark fare , this was both a pretty a good story and had sharks as vivid and mesmorizing as watching the real thing . Those who liked `` Open Water '' should like it ; similar type of plot but `` The Reef '' is even better.The main plot is four shipwrecked survivors must basically swim/float their through 10 miles of great white shark infested waters in Australia . Unlike `` Open Water , '' the viewer sees actual sharks above and below the surface - but the sharks do n't come across as either large fake contraptions , or obvious CGI -LRB- perhaps as others allude to because they 're neither -RRB- . The movie also quite nicely adds subtle bits of tension leading up to the main meat of the plot . Besides `` Open Water '' in a way one could consider this the `` Blair Witch '' of shark movies ... but without the `` herky-jerk '' camera-work . After watching it , I watched it a second time within a couple days .
 Personally , I never plan to be in a situation where I have to choose between swimming through shark-infested waters to possible safety and staying atop a capsized sinking boat with very little chance of being rescued . Unfortunately , that 's exactly the situation the characters of The Reef find themselves in when their boat strikes a reef and capsizes in the waters of Australia 's Great Barrier Reef . Those beautiful blue Pacific waters are n't so inviting when you 're suddenly forced to ponder the dangers that lie beneath . It 's true that The Reef follows the standard formula in a genre that is already bursting with shark attack movies in recent years , but this one is well worth watching because it is based on a true story -LRB- albeit loosely , with a number of significant changes -RRB- and , more importantly , it hits all the right buttons of fear , suspense , and realism.The trip was supposed to be a holiday for Luke -LRB- Damian Walshe-Howling -RRB- , his friend Matt -LRB- Gyton Grantley -RRB- , Matt 's girlfriend Suzie -LRB- Adrienne Pickering -RRB- , and Matt 's sister -LRB- and Luke 's former girlfriend -RRB- Kate -LRB- Zoe Naylor -RRB- - and so it was until their yacht hit a reef and capsized . With the keel pretty much laid open , Luke lays out the group 's options . Option 1 is to stay on the slowly sinking boat and hope they are rescued before it goes down - but there is very little traffic in that area , the boat 's old distress beacon can only be picked up by a plane flying overhead , and the current is pushing them out toward the ocean . Option 2 is to swim for it to Turtle Island twelve miles away . Luke 's sole crewman is adamant about staying with the boat because he knows they are in shark-infested waters , but Luke thinks their only realistic chance is to swim for it . Personally , I would be staying there with Warren - no doubt about it . No one even mentions the fact that , sharks or no sharks , any miscalculation on Luke 's part would mean the swimmers would never find land of any type.We never get on intimate terms with these characters , but they 're all likable enough for you to care what happens to them . Being a great lover of sharks , I sometimes find myself pulling for the shark over annoying or patently unlikable characters , but that was not the case in The Reef . This is one serious example of nature 's perfect killing machine , to boot . This shark looks like he 's been in more than a few scrapes in his time - he 's big , he 's bad , and he 's totally unstoppable . It 's no wonder the characters panic every time he puts in an appearance - and realistic panic it is . They do exactly what they should n't do , splashing around all over the place as they cling to one another in fear . The actresses do a particularly good job of demonstrating shock - particularly Zoe Naylor , whose over-the-top facial expressions would be laughable in any other situation . As far as I 'm concerned , though , there 's no such thing as overacting when it comes to displaying the fear of being eaten alive by a magnificent shark.One of the great things about this Australian movie is that it was actually shot out on the water -LRB- in Harvey Bay -RRB- , and the shark footage is real -LRB- shot specifically for this movie -RRB- . For an entire month , the actors spent up to ten hours a day , six days a week in the water -LRB- presumably , inside a large , protective tank -RRB- dealing with weather changes and some serious skin wrinkling . At one point , Damian Walshe-Howling had to be rushed to a hospital after being stung by a poisonous fish . The point is -- these are n't a bunch of dopes in a studio pool relying on CGI sharks . They 're as close to actually swimming with the sharks as anyone but a complete lunatic could be . That sense of realism is what makes The Reef one of the best shark attack movies of recent years .
 Upon the recommendation of a friend who 's also a shark-lover , I bought this DVD , hoping for the best . I was not disappointed . It 's the based-on-a-true-story movie of a group of people who encounter boat trouble while out in the middle of nowhere . The nearest island is 12 miles away and they have to decide whether to attempt to swim to the island or remain on the boat and hope help arrives . The ones who decide to `` swim for it '' encounter -LRB- of course -RRB- sharks . What makes this film better than most shark movies is there are no fake sharks but footage of real sharks incorporated into the movie . The storyline is a good one and the actors , while primarily unknown , are believable in their roles . Anyone who likes a really good shark movie with on-the-edge-of-your-seat moments will thoroughly enjoy this film . Although Jaws is the best shark movie out there , this film , along with 12 Days of Terror , is an exceptional shark movie and very entertaining .
 As others have written , this film is based upon a real incident . Of course the filmmakers changed much in order to highten the drama . The incident was something that took place in 1983 when a trawler went down and the captain , one mate on board , and a female cook were terrorized for hours on end by a tiger shark . The cook and the other guy were both killed . The captain survived , but was himself mauled before rescue.The Reef gives us 5 people who 's small yaught strikes something and capsizes along the Great Barrier Reef in Australia . This area is beautiful but quite dangerous , as the luckless maritime adventurers soon discover when 4 of them decide to swim the 10-12 miles toward a small island they had seen earlier . The fifth guy stays behind atop the boat , which could sink at any time , refusing to get in the water.Before long the swimmers discover that they are being followed by what turns out to be a large Great White Shark . The way the filmmakers handle the behavior of the shark is quite realistic , which I 've not seen before in any shark attack movie . At first it is merely attracted by the splashing , then curious , not getting too close -LRB- whenever the swimmer with the diving mask looks underwater at it , the thing turns and swims off quickly -RRB- . After while it goes into full-on attack mode , and things get really tense , really frightening . I must give high points to this for using a real shark . There are no lame cartoonish CGI or animatronics , they did not try and make the fish look like it was 30 frickin ' feet long . Also the blood and gore was kept to a minimum , focusing instead on the tension and the terror of the situation . I have no problem with blood and gore , but it was not necessary here and works fine without . Even though it must have been tempting to show a bitten-off limb or two.I highly recommend The Reef for it 's realism , artistic restraint and subtlety , and for tension and suspense . It 's like Open Water only MUCH better , as the people in The Reef are not annoying and do not argue and bitch at each other the whole time . In Open Water I was going `` hurry up and die , already , you jerks '' . If the thought of being stranded in deep water is scary to you , you will be scared by this . It 's well done . The best shark movie that I 've seen since Jaws !! Most `` shark horror '' films are terrible .
 I think the title says it all , for how much we enjoyed this movie . There were several very tense moments in this . If you liked Jaws you 'll probably like this .
 Intense . Gritty . No-nonsense . Loved that the actors were unfamiliar faces , which made it easier to relate to them as the characters they portrayed . Far better than the production team 's silly croc film , `` Blackwater . '' Better too than `` Open Water . '' Only criticism is that `` Based on a True Story '' should read `` Based on a True Story , Sorta Kinda . '' Check out Wikipedia for link to the story that inspired the movie .
 Okay , I feel like a heel for criticizing the sort of movie I 've been waiting for for years . A normal-sized , real great white shark ! Just as the many smaller REAL sharks in the film OPEN WATER were JUST AS SCARY if not more so and far more believable than some gargantuan special effect , this movie shows that any normal unarmed human being is going to be terrified and vulnerable floundering in the water with an approximately 10 foot long apex predator . I ca n't help but compare this to the team 's previous film , BLACK WATER . The difference for me is , in BLACK WATER , I felt I was given enough time at the start to get to know and care about the characters AND it was difficult to predict who would be left alive , if any of them . In THE REEF , I felt the backstory for the two `` main '' protagonists was WAY too cliche'ed , as was their character development throughout the ordeal . Also , I almost hate to say it but the tension just went on and on and on and got to be too much . Sure , this was believable , but , the repeated shots of the actors gaping around looking shell-shocked started to become unintentionally comical after a while . Finally , I 'm still undecided about the nature of the attacks . POSSIBLE SPOILERS HERE - I felt the whole being yanked under , coming up once and then being yanked under for good just did n't quite make sense , given that this was not a huge shark which could swallow someone in two bites . The movie is so realistic and yet the attacks do n't seem to jive with all the research I 've read about how great whites DO hunt . I guess it was a budgetary concern but not one person was assaulted with the shark speeding straight up from below . But , as I said , I 'm still on the fence about this . And the end , while also realistic and not at all the usual cliche'ed final confrontation -LRB- which one could argue was n't the case with BLACK WATER -RRB- the realism made the viewing experience rather anti-climactic and `` is that it ? '' for me . OPEN WATER had a similar effect , but , that was so clearly a TRAGEDY and I could empathize with the character 's final choice . Overall , though , this is such an admirable film , and it 's so nice to see real-looking people and not wise-cracking waxed-chested young male models as the leads . And this film contains one of the most joltingly realistic-looking scenes of a shark suddenly surfacing RIGHT NEXT TO REAL PEOPLE . AHHHHH ! This alone brought me back to the so-thrilled-to-be-terrified feeling of seeing the original JAWS in a crowded theater when it was first released . Very cool .
 My wife and I imagined ourselves in their position out in the open ocean and nothing but sharks around you . The closest we will be going to the ocean from now will be in a orders bathtub and pour a little salt in the water . And I gave it five stars review . Only problem was a Australian accent .
 Blend `` The Terminator '' with `` Hell Comes to Frogtown '' and set it in a Post-Apocalyptic Charleston , S.C. -LRB- I am not making this up -RRB- and what do you get ? Well , probably a bad case of ocular herpes , but in this case you get `` American Cyborg
 First off , you have to watch this movie . They do not have it available from Netflix or Blockbuster , so you have to buy . Just kick it old school with a VHS . It is cool if you watch it by yourself , but I suggest get some friends together and prepare them for an awesome movie . You just have to watch it .
 American Cyborg was superb ! The character of Austin was a man full of passion , not to mention quite tasty to look at.The plot twist of finding out that he was a machine , yet still working against the ` system ' to improve mankind was a trait every person should partake in .
 For ten minutes it was too short of a preview to see what I think , but it was enough time that it grabbed my attention to want to rent it and to see what it was about .
 Great actors and great story . It is amazing how relationships are different in many ways . The preview gave me the encouragement to purchase the DVD
 Well this one I have not see ether so it be something to look forward to see this also . I hope it turns out funny also .
 I think the fact that Amazon offers a 10 min preview as awesome ! Because sometimes a trailer just is n't enough in deciding whether it 's something you would actually want to see/read etc. .
 great comedic movie . nice teaser . Get the movie for full enjoyment.They could 've done without some of the cliches but I guess that 's how some pockets of the population are .
 The review by P. Hintz is seriously misinformed and requires correction . Contrary to his assertions , `` Messner '' is a feature-length documentary with a six-figure budget , which contains multiple interviews with Messner for this production , which is obvious in the film , as well as multiple on-camera interviews conducted over the course of his climbing career , including his 1978 historic first ascent of Everest without using bottled oxygen -LRB- which was filmed by Leo Dickenson -RRB- and licensed for this film . The production further interviewed Ed Viesturs , America 's most accomplished mountaineer , Sir Christian Bonington , Britian 's most accomplished mountaineer ; and Kitty Calhoun , one of the world 's preeminent female climbers . The film includes many photographs from other Messner climbs that were not filmed . `` Messner '' was the official selection of ten international film festivals , including two of the most prestigious and competitive mountain festivals
 My only `` complaint '' in this DVD about Reinhold Messner is that it 's too short ! The DVD runs 47 minutes and no bonus extras . So too -LSB- ** and you may wish to take a gander at my Amazon review of Messner 's book , `` Reinhold Messner -- Free Spirit
 It gives you a great overview of one of the greatest climber in the 20th century . Highly recommend watching it
 This was a good look into the life of a climbing legend , especially how he got interested in climbing and what he has been up to more recently .
 This documentary was done very very well.It is an excellent source for anyonewho is fascinated with the extreme mountain climbing . It 's Amazing see howone man has pushed his body to the limit , physically and mentally.It is a pleasure to finally see and hear his philosophy on life .
 Mr. Messner is a real inspiration ! He proved that with drive and determination -LRB- not to mention skill -RRB- the human body can accomplish anything ! This is a gotta-have for any collection , but a mountaineering Must Have . A true hero , who did what nobody else had done ... a pioneer such as Cook or Perry .
 I agree with fra7299 's very thoughtful review of this film of Flannery O'Connor 's longest short story -LRB- and the concluding story of her first collection entitled `` A Good Man is Hard to Find '' -RRB- . The film make lack the immediate clarity and impact of current and contemporary film-making quality because it was made for television
 I concur with the other -LRB- at this time of their being 3 reviews -RRB- 5-star review that the ` Junk 's ' review is just that
 I do n't know where to begin attacking the `` 1 Star Junk '' review . Please do n't be discouraged by an internet troll/disinformation source . The film is filled with powerful speakers , passionate pleas for liberty , and Paul Curtman , a Missouri State Representative . Paul is worth the price of admission ... add in Tom Woods -LRB- historian -RRB- , Stewart Rhodes -LRB- Oath Keepers -RRB- , and Michael Boldin -LRB- founder of the 10th Amendment Center -RRB- and you 've got an entertaining , educational , and moving documentary.If you do n't buy the film , then watch it on Amazon instant video for $ 2 . You owe it to yourself to learn , unlearn , and relearn history ; and be the change that will bring liberty back to America and make government accountable.FYI ... I did n't purchase this film on Amazon . I watched it for free on the internet , then I decided to purchase the film through InfoWars , because I love to support independent filmmakers.Cheers , Colin
 Our freedoms are being taken from us by clueless politicians in a distant capital . This is how we get them back !
 After meeting the producer at the FreedomFest 2012 conference , I bought a copy of the film and a poster.Immediately upon getting home from the conference -LRB- which was in Vegas -RRB- , I organized a screening with my personal network of contacts and friends.About 16 people showed up . All 16 were blown away at the concept of `` nullification , '' when a state chooses to ignore an unconstitutional federal law.Everybody left smarter AND inspired in the fight against big government . I now have a waiting list to borrow my Tom Woods book!Kudos to Jason and everyone else involved in the production of this film.This movie is the rightful remedy to the public not understanding the Jeffersonian ideas of nullification and states ' rights .
 A good presentation of what it is , why you would want to , and how to do it . An interesting and though provoking idea .
 What kind of authoritarian creep would write a review like junk?If you love liberty and think the USA should be a government of the people by the people for the people , like I do , you will love the movie `` nullification '' .
 NULLIFICATION
 Inside Bob Dylan 's Jesus Years is a DVD offering an inside perspective of how Bob Dylan , a Jewish folk singer from the Midwest , came to embrace Jesus Christ and Christianity . Passionate for his new faith , Dylan made three Gospel albums , and won a Grammy for `` Got ta Serve Somebody '' . Yet the Christian direction of his music alienated fans and sparked the ire of critics , especially when he preached apocalyptic passages from the `` Book of Revelation . '' Telling the story of Bob Dylan 's transformation through interviews with notable figures ranging from `` Slow Train Coming '' producer Jerry Wexler to background singer Regina McCrary to San Francisco Chronicle rock reporter Joel Selven and many more , Inside Bob Dylan 's Jesus Years includes rare photos , exclusive live concert footage from 1978-1981 , and an interview from 1981 in which Bob Dylan himself speaks of the impact Jesus Christ had on his art and soul . Bonus features include full soundtrack MP3s ! Highly recommended especially for Bob Dylan fans who wish to better understand and appreciate this turning point in his life 's work . 120 minutes .
 If people claim that their lives are the same from the cradle to the grave they are being less than truthful . If we put our entertainers up on pedestals and hold them to our own standards without seeing them as living , growing , changing people we do ourselves and them a disservice . Bob Dylan is nothing if not one who goes his own way . He sees the world from his point of view that just happens to be what many other people would like to see . He sees in a light that is really quite different and very personal . The songs he writes come from a place that only he knows and understands.When he declared his belief in Jesus as his Lord and Savior it was a very personal decision that was expressed in his art and music . This time in his life was very mysterious to his hardcore fans who lived through a time of sex , drugs , and rock & roll . The problem is that the Christianity that most people know is expressed in very severe terms ; just check out the televangelists of the health and wealth gospel . This presentation goes to the heart of what Dylan lived at the time both in his new found faith and his art . The interviews come from both sides of the debate
 Bob Dylan 's so-called ` Jesus years ' have been cruelly maligned by fans and onlookers alike , perceiving his conversion to Christianity as his second betrayal . His move from folk to rock 'n roll , embracing the electric guitar , and all the potential that such a weapon of Dylan 's would have , had the same impact as his salvation , both events being decried by his audience.The records that belonged to this period include , Slow Train Coming , the awesome , spirited and uplifting Saved , as well as part of the gospel tinged Shot Of Love . This documentary covers this period by seeking commentary from pastors , musicians , record producers , journalists , a little bit of footage from Dylan 's live performances and one interview.Inside Bob Dylan 's Jesus Years
 I think that there are some people who do not know very much about this period of Bob Dylan 's life . This story is very inspiring . However , I wish that there could have been more of Dylan 's gospel music in the video . Also , Closed Captions would have been helpful .
 This is not your typical suspense thriller movie and I for one can appreciate that and enjoy that alone . The cinemotography was outstanding , that in itself is worth viewing . I like the dialogue as well as the strained relationship that was exhibited throughout . There were some subtleness but it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out what was happening . This movie thoroughly entertained myself -LRB- 50ish female -RRB- and my husband a huge special/sound effects , action packed non-stop kind a guy .
 This is one of the scariest films I 've seen in a long time and I ca n't put my finger on just why it affected me to the point that I had to put it on PAUSE to catch my breath . First of all , I 've seen a lot of scary , hellish , fiendish movies , but the fact that this movie depicted what could occur in real life is what hit me to the core . Was it the way it was filmed ? As always , Jim Caviezal is a gifted actor no matter what part he plays and that added to the real-life drama of the film . There is nothing to `` get . '' It is the story of a couple trying to resurrect their failing marriage in an environment that requires both trust and teamwork , clearly two traits they both lacked . The title of the movie is ridiculous because it really does n't have anything to do with how NATURE attacks people for being careless , but more how careless people attack each other when put in a primitive environment . This was clearly a movie on how `` civilized '' man can turn quite uncivilized when fear takes over -- even our modern day `` saviours '' such as the cell phone and GPS can not always save us ... especially from ourselves . A very disturbing little film ... and yes , I wondered about fate of the dog too .
 The full impact of this film takes a few days to build up . While it is not a great movie , there is something at once disturbing and beautiful about it . The setting is extremely effective -- the beach looks so civilized and domestic
 This review is about the Amazon Instant Video rental , not the dvd or what it contains.I just finished watching this . And like previous reviews suggest , it does stay with you . I live in the city , so I 'm not much for camping . But in case I ever do so , I will make sure not to make mother nature angry lest I end up like these poor bastards . This movie is creepy . It has a solid script . It does n't waste time trying to be scary . It allows the actors , who do a good job , to go about their business and the director just captures it all . The beach setting is beautiful , and it easily could be used for a romantic story . And that is what makes it creepy . I wo n't spoil anything , except to say that it is not a good idea watching this on a stormy night . Unless you enjoy real sound effects to give it that extra dimension . I give it 4 stars only because it is not a movie I would watch regularly which is what a 5 star movie is to me , but I highly recommend it .
 A very interesting tale of a couple on a trip to a very secluded area -LRB- beach in Austrailia -RRB- , and their lack of respect for nature.This was a remake of the late 70s Long Weekend which almost goes line for line with this movie .
 I caught this movie on Showtime today and thoroughly enjoyed every minute . There were some truly unexpected twists and that 's what true movie lovers desire . . right ? There were a couple of mistakes in this movie but not enough to hurt a great time on a Wednesday afternoon with nothing to do . The tension between the young couple connected well with the unfamiliar Australian coastline wild . This is a scary movie for a lot of reasons you do n't normally see in a woodsy thriller . The ending was scary as heck and makes you think about camping in the wilderness without full knowledge of not only where you are but what 's watching you and what can harm you . Very good film .
 *** Contains Spoilers *** I really had to watch this a second time to `` get '' it . The story reminded me of the classic `` Rhyme of the Ancient Mariner , '' a morality tale about the consequences of not respecting life . In the old story , sailors wantonly kill a sea bird and bring down the wrath of nature upon the rest of their voyage . In this version , this morally corrupt couple wrecks their marriage through adultery and an abortion . This crime against nature is the heart of the plot although not revealed until nearly the end . They go off on a beach holiday to restore their relationship but it only brings out more of their selfish natures and they continue to desecrate the living things around them , bringing down Nature 's wrath until both get what they deserve in the end.I was surprised at the coarse language on the part of the players , esp . Mr. Caviezel . Yes , it 's true to the character but shocking nonetheless considering his religious assertions . He refuses to do sex scenes but apparently does n't draw the line at profanity . I guess it 's what actors do.Having said that , he 's a terrific leading man and the `` wife '' seems nuts for spurning his advances on a romantic beach !
 I like this movie , it was different but I found myself wondering what was going to happen next when things start to go wrong , like the beach scene with the whale that continuously was moving each day further and further up until it reached their camp site . I thought if there is no one else on that beach that something is wrong and it was time to leave , but oh no they stayed and argued and this is what made it even more scarier , now they are separate and arguing and strange things are happening on this beach , nature is not what it seems and is very angry and starts killing any living being . You will find that this is a different kind of horror .
 Jim Caviezel plays a very different role in this movie than most of his action movies . The music is very eerie and keeps you in suspense . They seem like alot of modern couples having marital troubles and looking for a vacation to reconnectagain . As the movie evolves , you realize there are strange events happening to warrant danger , but unexplainable . The ending was shocking to me and not expected . I also wondered what happened to the dog.Good thriller .
 I think natures grave is a great movie lots of beautiful scenes everything is not what it seems sometimes you can be at the wrong place wrong time i think natures grave is a lesson to all !
 The actors did a great job in creating tension between the young couple . The wife is so angry we know there must be a back story to this but the present story keeps you rooting for the husband . He tries so hard to make this a second honeymoon and she is having none of it . The ending is definitely not a Hollywood ending .
 I do enjoy watching James Caviezel work and this film was no exception . The scenry was different as was the story line but it kept pace and narure wiil win out .
 I give this film 5 stars not because it compares with `` 2001 '' but because it gave me a lot more than I was expecting . There are portions of the film when I was glued to the screen and thinking `` Wow ! This movie really turned out OK ! '' If you 're like me and you loathe people that crap on Mother Nature , then I HIGHLY recommend this film ! Let 's call it `` Mother Natures ' Revenge '' with some Twilight Zone fun thrown in ! See it ! -LRB- I 'm 55 years old and a lifelong film fan -RRB-
 I thought this movie was good ! Luv Jim Caviezel he 's hot . Anything with him in it is great in my book !!!
 Vampire Dog is a family friendly film about a twelve year old boy and his new dog named Fang that he has been bequeathed to care for . As you can probably guess from the title the dog turns out to be no ordinary dog and has some very peculiar powers , habits and phobias because of the oddities of being a 600-year-old canine from Transylvania.I do n't want to ruin the whole story for you so I am going to be a bit vague at the plot . I did notice some inconsistencies in the script and film , but still I thought that the movie was cute and great for younger kids especially . My kids seemed to enjoy how the story unfolded and turned out . This is live action with CG animation . This wholesome `` tail '' about friendship , teamwork and courage is wonderful for a Halloween flick.DISCLOSURE / DISCLAIMER
 for some reason , my little 5 year old likes this movie . it 's good but kids seem to like it enough to stay interested , not gory or nothing just fun
 my 10 year old really likes this movie . It is a little different than the typical kids movie and has a good message about standing up for yourself . I would recommend it .
 My grand daughter watches this movie when she comes over . It is a very cute movie , my grand daughter is 8 years old
 She picked this movie for her night so many times I just decided to buy it for her . She was so happy with it , I really do n't get it . Its a super cheesy cheap movie but 5 stars because it seems to hit its targeted audience , my 6yo , and that 's what 's important .
 thimovie the best for kids for the hole family love this movie it for all age too i tell everone to get
 I love Norm Macdonald . I could listen to him read a phone book . For you younger readers , a phonebook is what us old people used to use to find numbers on our rotary phones . A rotary phone is . . ahhhhhhhh never mind . Anyway ... this movie had a few holes in it . Here are two now
 I thought this was a very cute movie . Perfect for young kids , especially dog lovers . My daughter is 8 and loved it . It obviously was n't produced with the biggest budget or best script , but I believe she 'll enjoy watching it over and over simply because it is entertaining and humerous . There were a couple of snotty kids but they get put in their place by the end of the movie . A couple of `` you guys suck '' is really the only objectionable words . The explanation as to why the dog ate gelatin instead of drinking blood made perfect sense ! More simple , funny , sweet stories like this should be produced for kids , in my opinion . We also enjoyed the gag reel during the end credits . :-RRB- I would recommend this movie for 5-12 year olds .
 A bit goofy , but quite entertaining and funny . Elicited more than one good chuckle ... young and old will enjoy the various levels of humour , some more subtle you 'll find on second and third screening ...
 I was n't expecting much from this movie when we rented it , but we all thoroughly enjoyed it . They do a good job of making the dog a vampire dog without making it too gruesome in the details of HOW he became one and what he lives on . Apparently , vampire dogs live on collagen / gelatin , hence the need for the dog to eats copious amounts of red jelly -LRB- or jello to anyone in the USA , but this being a Canadian movie , it 's jelly to anyone living there or in the British Isles too -RRB- . The whole bumbling scientist plot was a little off , but added some nice moments where the cute dog outwitted the dimwitted bad guys.All in all , we enjoyed the movie a lot , my 5 year old wants to add it to her Christmas list -LRB- she loves dog movies -RRB- . The back story of the kid trying to learn how to be himself , and saving the school was something my daughter really related to aswell , being as she is in school herself.I recommend this to any fans of the Santa Paws movies or Beverly Hills Chihuahua movies , or any similar types , it 's definitely worth a look from Redbox , and you can get a $ 2 off voucher at their Facebook page too if you decide to buy it , although Amazon has the best price anyway and quick shipping.Don ' t believe the overly analyzed review above - remember , you 're meant to be watching this with 0-12 year olds , it 's not Shakespeare , it 's purely for kids .
 I was completely surprised by how much I enjoyed this film which was well-written and professionally produced . I found Brian Hasenfus , the actor in the leading role , to be particularly compelling and likable and his characterization of a man/child on the cusp of assuming adult responsibility touched me deeply . Not all goes according to plan , however , as temptation in the form of a sexually enticing high school student who is trying to make her inattentive boyfriend jealous ultimately derails the protagonist 's plans in ways he could never have anticipated . The atmosphere of Philip The Fossil is pervaded by alcohol , cocaine and huge doses of steroids which converts a seemingly placid suburb in Massachusetts into a simmering recipe for disaster . Shot in an effective verite style with a great deal of edgy editing , the film is absorbing and suspenseful and I was sad to see it end after being treated to only one hour and thirteen minutes of highly creative film-making .
 I watched this movie to use as a source for my new book on age-discrepant relationships and ephebophilia and it was a score . Here 's a rough plot summary , without spoilers , as it pertains to my research : Phillip the Fossil -LRB- 2011 -RRB- - In the opening scene , 29-year-old Phillip -LRB- Brian Hasenfus -RRB- , who won the SXSW 2010 Special Jury Prize for Best Performance , had anal sex in a car with a 16-year-old , who he absolutely could not believe had never had anal sex before . He was introduced to the teen by football prospect , Sully , in exchange for steroids . Subsequently , Phillip began a relationship with , Summer , Sully 's 17-year-old spurned ex-girlfriend . On Phillip and Summer 's first date , Summer performed oral sex on Phillip while he drove his pickup truck after they sniffed cocaine.And those scenes occurred within about the first thirty minutes of the film .
 This movie never stops being funny . The first time you watch it , you are in stunned silence for what feels like the longest hour of your life . You swear you 're never going to watch it again , but somehow you find yourself wandering the Netflix queue and it haunts you like a bloodthirsty , homicidal turkey.By the time you start watching it again , you find it hilarious and then it quickly spreads through your social circle like wildfire . It 's awesomely bad and always great for a laugh . Give it 3 or 4 chances before you make up your mind !
 I saw this on Netflix and just had to own it . Great gift for a white elephant party or anyone that likes cheesy movies .
 I took my wife to see this before we were married and we both remember that night as the night we fell in love . The story is was just so easy to relate to , with so many moving scenes hitting home regarding love , life , and friendship . The thrilling storyline keeps you gripping your seat , while the `` Will they ? Wo n't they ? '' underlying love story keeps you wanting more.The character casting and acting is so sincere and accurate you feel like you are right there , experiencing every terrifying , wonderful moment with the characters . To anybody who has lost a best friend , prepare for your emotions to be tested.I would recommend this movie as a great family bonding opportunity . I would advise this movie to anyone with a heart that loves non-stop thrilling action !
 This is easily the greatest movie ever made . I was laughing throughout the entire thing . GOBBLE GOBBLE MOTHER **** ER YOU JUST GOT STUFFED !!!
 This is THE cult classic . The Turkie steals the show . Yes , it 's extremely low-budget . Yes , it 's cheesy and full of one-liners from the smartass Turkie , but the movie is absolutely brilliant . A breath of fresh air in a stale genre . Do yourself a favor and get this movie , gather some of your friends , then watch and celebrate this true masterpiece of American movies . Hats off to Jordan Downey for making this movie ... . AND THE SEQUEL NEXT YEAR = -RRB-
 This movie is one of those movies that makes you laugh from pure strangeness . You will enjoy the movie for years to come and will surely have a special spot on your heart AND on your movie shelf . I will reserve a golden spot on my movie shelf . A + + +
 The GREATEST movie ever made . This new cult classic will have you laughing for days afterward . You 'll be repeating amazing one liners for the rest of your life due to Turkie being the best thing that has ever graced a television screen . Not only does he know how to make a truly delightful salad , but he ALWAYS knows just what to say ; -RRB-
 If you love bad horror films , this is the movie for you . Being one of maybe 3 Thanksgiving horror films out there I would recommend this movie to any low budget horror fan . It 's cheesy and full of great one liners .
 This movie is very unique ! Its , funny , creative and def . one of a kind ... A homicidal tukey ... DUH you cant go wrong with that =-RRB- =-RRB- LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE this flick
 A group of college kids are on their way home for Thanksgiving break , when a demonized turkey is unleashed upon them ! This bird means business as it hacks , stabs , shoots , and rapes its way through the cast ! The feathery fiend has no shame , using horrid one-liners to add insult to grievous bodily injury ! Can this putrid poultry be stopped before our heroes are turned into cranberry sauce ? THANKSKILLING is one of those ultra-schlockers that will make most `` serious '' film-lovers corrode on the spot . For the rest of us , it 's just hysterical ! Prepare for 100 % pure idiocy ... P.S. - It would have been better if it had been a tad shorter , as the middle section drags a bit ...
 the one liners in the movie are seriously classic . I know it was a low budget , but i couldnt stop watching . laughing non stop for over an hour at the terrible acting and turkey poop on sleeping bag definitely made it worth the time . if you like corny , funny , sarcastic flicks with little plot sense then this is for you !
 No words can even describe the epicness of this movie . It is the greatest awful movie ever made and has left me and my friends laughing for hours
 This is hands down one of the best movies ever made.If you do n't find it funny you need to quit taking yourself so seriously.This has everything that makes a horror movie great.I had a huge interest in this ever since watching the trailer over a year ago , and I 'm glad it finally saw a release . It definitely lived up to the hype.For a movie made with less than $ 3,500 , it is amazingly good.I can only hope that they do make a sequel in space where he battles the leprechaun from the leprechaun movies .
 Until Eli Roth finally makes Thanksgiving , horror fans will have to settle for this movie . I saw the back and I could n't wait to watch this film . It 's probably the one movie I have n't seen that does not disappoint . The killer turkey is friggin funny as hell and the whole film feels like a Troma production . At less then an hour , this movie moves fast . Some humor is dull like a Jon Benet Ramsey joke they keep on repeating but the turkey steals the show . I got it before Thanksgiving and it 'll become a tradition for me . An awesome movie and I highly recommend it to horror comedy fans .
 I loved this movie . I am a fan of low budget B horror and this is one of the best new ones I 've seen since perhaps the 1980 's . The theme is unique . I ca n't believe no one has ever spoofed Thanksgiving before but I 'm glad these folks finally did . The acting actually was n't bad . The turkey was amazing . he is my new favorite bad guy . I 'd love to see these guys make a spoof flick about labor day !
 I absolutely love this movie ! I usually do n't like low budget films , but this one has something special about it . It was so bad , so crazy , so weird , and so stupid , that it 's actually a great classic to watch with your buds . My favorite character was by far The Killer Turkey because he is fowl-mouthed , had cheesy one-liners , and was so silly . During Thanksgiving break , Johnny , Ali , Kristen , Billy , and Darren are going home , but they end up out in the woods with a killer Turkey who wants to drink their blood like cranberry sauce . The Turkey was summoned by an ancient Indian curse , and the group need to find a library about ` Killer Turkeys ' in order to figure out how to kill him . The bad acting and comedy is a genius mix . It happens so fast , the movie is over and you 'll want to watch it again . I highly recommend THANKSKILLING !!!
 So as you can tell by my name , you may or may not know that I am one of the creators of the movie . And no , I 'm not on here with a fake name to try and give it an awesome review that everybody knows was really done by the director himself or one of his family members.Eff that.So why am I here ? Well , to promote the movie of course . And give you a slight review of it . So that said , here goes nothing : The movie is called ThanksKilling , so if you are expecting `` The Notebook '' or Schindler 's List this movie is obviously not for you . However , if `` Gingerdead Man '' or `` Jack Frost '' sounds more like it , than I think you will thoroughly enjoy TK . This is for anybody who enjoys schlocky , campy and gory horror movies . This is the epitome of campy and yes we brag about that , because that is exactly why it was made.Piece of advice - watch this under the influence . It will make it that much better , I promise . And maybe refrain from watching it at Thanksgiving with your whole family - although that could be pretty funny too.I 'm out , Gobble , Gobble Motherfff -
 Thankskilling is the latest film from director Jordan Downey . Downey 's oeuvre is an exploration of the complex relationship between turkey and man . In this case , the former is a tortured soul who lives out a brief and persecuted life . One might compare the turkey 's lot to that of Josef K in Franz Kafka 's The Trial . Ultimately , man 's profound bitterness toward turkey drives him to poultricide.Downey 's film is , indeed , unique in its fair-handed approach to this difficult subject , which for many people is still a source of discomfort at best . As we follow the plight of the turkey , we also become closely involved in the lives of the people determined to destroy him . We come to learn that these are not simply turkey-hating killers , but rather human beings with human emotions -- just like the turkey . The character development in this film is particularly clear and engaging . One can not help but be brought to tears toward the end of the film when Johnny finally realizes that with great loss comes great gain . Yes , both of his parents were brutally murdered the previous day , but today he is on the sofa , snugly sandwiched between the girl of his dreams and a latent homosexual . As for the turkey himself , we witness his evolution into a strong-willed being , who will stop at nothing to survive even with all odds against him . One may feel pity or sympathy toward the turkey at first , but by the end of the movie , the turkey 's strength of character and raw determination are nothing short of admirable.It is without hesitation that I give this film a rating of five stars . The storyline is completely original and the dialogue top-notch . If you are looking for a light-hearted popcorn movie , this is not it -- rent The Killing of Sister George instead . However , if you are looking for a movie of substance , if you are looking for a life-changing experience , this is the movie for you . Thankskilling will make you think .
 One of the better movies you can buy right now . Full of good lines and a movie that you can watch over and over , and it never gets old .
 This movie is really bad ... OH WAIT ... I LIED.So funny . Greatest low budget B-Horror movie since Dead Alive .
 My co-workers and I have watched this movie several times and we 're still laughing our asses off . The creators are geniuses who have made a true gem of a movie . You would never guess that this was made with as low a budget as it was ; the special effects are quite good and the camera work is exceptional . It both satirizes traditional horror movies and brings in some clever gimmicks such as having Turkey , the villain , swear up a storm and also disguising himself as if he were on a cartoon . The scene where Turkey opens the door to let the kids in while dsguised as the Sheriff -LRB- the father of one of the girls -RRB- and everyone says hi to him like he 's the real person is absolutely hysterical . This was worth every penny it cost and we enjoyed it more than a lot of bigger budgeted movied in the theatre . Bring on the sequel , we 'll be in it for free ! A + + + +
 Ah , yes , nothing says Thanksgiving like a `` fowl '' - mouthed demonic turkey spouting one-line zingers as he goes about killing every white person he comes across . If you see only one movie this Thanksgiving holiday , it probably wo n't be ThanksKilling - but maybe it should be because this little film has everything a cult-worthy bad movie should have
 This film delivers where other low budget comedy horrors fail -LRB- and those with a budget of millions , for that matter -RRB- and is the most fun you can have outside of a Lloyd Kaufman production .
 This ridiculously low-budget indie film is the best possible outcome for a movie based on the premise of a vengeful , talking , murderous , wisecracking turkey-spirit . The acting is from bad to over-the-top , but everyone is in on it . It 's senseless fun with many memorable one-liners .
 This movie made my hubby and I laugh our asses off . We have a tradition where we watch horror movies on each holiday that are somewhat what related to the event . Well we came across this gem and had to watch it . This movie makes fun of every bad b horror movie there is . It is hilarious , the acting is horrible on purpose to mimic the horrible acting seen on many of the horror movies during the years . The movie is basically about a killer turkey who got woken up when a dog pissed on its resting area ... I think you can pretty much guess the kind of movie it is by just knowing that one part . I loved it , low budget horror comedy at its best . My hubby actually purchased thinking it was not to meant to be a comedy but a really really bad horror movie , so it made even more funnier for us .
 If you 're a fan of the cheezy-violent flick , `` Santa 's Slay , '' then this Thanksgiving `` turkey '' is just stuffed full of enough horrifying hijinks to `` cut up '' the family as they cram down their just desserts . An aquired taste to be sure , `` Thankskilling '' is the story about a demonic cursed Turkey on a murderous spree , that is sure to be come a Holiday hoot for years to come . It 's so bad , it 's damn good .
 I an currently watching this on netflix and its awesome ! Its low budget and campy on purpose . I 'm a film person and I have to give it props . Its a great group movie . The purest definition of awesomely bad :-RRB- . Do not buy this expecting a real horror film . YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED .
 If you love bad horror movies , low budget indie films and talking turkeys this is the movie for you . Thankskilling is not a warm family fun movie to watch while you 're gathered together at grandmas house for the holiday . It is however the perfect movie to watch with your friends when you are looking for a good laugh , grab a six pack and settle in for some bad jokes , bad acting and lame effects that equal one of my new favorite holiday films . I have already recommended this to friends and if you are considering adding it to your collection i recommend you do ! I do n't think you 'll regret it .
 Amazing story , acting and special effects ! I 'm not sure how the Academy missed this film . It 's also better than Sophie 's Choice and that Margaret Thatcher movie .
 What kind of bird-brained animal slasher is this ? It 's Thankskilling , and yes it 's about an out-of-control homicidal turkey . Just an oversized holiday bird with a penchant for human slaughter . Gobble gobble mother # $ @ & ! Definitely not your average , mundane `` animal on a vicious killing spree '' type of adventure . This wild turkey does n't harness lethal talons or a razor sharp beak in order to overcome his prey . Instead he utilizes guns , electric knives , or a meat thermometer in order to wreck havoc . Needless to say , this is some fantastically bloody fowl play.Plot schmlott , this complex storyline amounts to nothing more than a maniacal bird that likes to kill people . I guess a couple of centuries ago the Native Americans placed a demonic curse on the trespassing white pilgrims . This hex eventually amounts to a psychotic turkey that constantly seeks revenge during the holiday . Better say your prayers chumps!The film crew probably had to panhandle for change in order to scrape together this budget . We 're talking low , low , low -- like $ 3000 . So of course the props and sets are dirt cheap . Heck , the main star is a rubber turkey ! The insertion of blood and carnage comes off as fairly gruesome , but it 's also laughably fake looking . As far as the acting goes , students might study this in film school to realize what not to do.But still there is an artistically insane charm to this nasty little gem . It 's filled with lots of goofy one-liners . Some nudity . Of course the blood spray with some unique killings . Plus a foul-mouthed mass-murderin maniacal bird , how cool is that ? Heck , we even get to see this oversized pigeon take liberties with a hot college chick in the bedroom . Priceless!Oscar might have passed this one up , but do n't you make the same mistake . Thanskilling is pretty stupid awesome cheesy Z-grade horror . For fans of Troma films -LRB- especially Poultrygeist -RRB- , this is a must see . Let 's pray for a sequel !
 I ca n't remember the last movie that made me laugh this hard . So many scenes we had to rewind and rewatch because we could n't believe what had just happened . It 's so great to see a movie that truly revels in it 's silliness and does n't take anything seriously . I loved it .
 And when I say camp , I mean Total Camp !! From the one-liners , to the over-the-top deaths , to the friendship song , to the limbo low budget , to the turkey puppet sex , yes I said turkey puppet sex ; this holiday slasher has `` tragically ludicrous '' written all over it !! It does for Thanksgiving what Jack Frost did for Christmas !! Celebrates it by taking a holiday mascot , in this case a foul-mouthed fowl who returns from the grave every 500 years or so , and spoofs the bajesus out of the genre , as well as the holiday.When you pop the DVD in , the title menu warns you that there 's female frontal nudity in the first second.And it does n't lie.As soon as you hit play , BAM !! Pilgrim nudity in the face . -LRB- something to be thankful for -RRB- After a brief , albeit obviously enjoyable , chase the turkey puppet compliments the ladies cleavage , and raises the hatchet.End scene
 Thankskilling is yet another independent horror-comedy , in the vein of Troma movies like Poultrygeist and Coons , only not quite as funny . Still , there are some laughs to be had and some impressive gore effects . The whole movie has a really festive feel to it , which all holiday movies should have . This movie should become a Thanksgiving movie watching tradition for horror fans . No , it does n't live up to the aforementioned Troma movies or another recent horror-comedy , Black Devil Doll , but it still comes recommended . And only running a little over an hour , it wo n't take up much of your time .
 this movie is really funny and alsome to watch you will really laugh at it a great movie to see .
 If anyone takes this movie seriously they are obviously not very smart . This is low budget film filled with blunt , cheap humor , which makes it all the more enjoyable . I stumbled upon it on Netflix and proceeded to watch it another 4 times . I absolutely think it is ridiculous and funny . Cheap set , yes , bad acting , yes , over acting , yes , most demonic turkey of all time , double yes . How could it be bad ? It really is funny if you do n't sit there scrutinizing it .
 I 'M one of the Lucky ones , -LRB- temp . out of stock , I see , as I type this emergency . . intro-review -RRB- took a chance with reviewers on Frog-g-g it bombed to the Z-phantom zone , . . -LRB- see my review on frog-g-g and understand why -RRB- I am only 2o min into this thing and it 's freakin Hilariuos the music -LRB- Friday 13th/Phantasm/Halloween , with a pinch of Turkey Gobbling HA!HA ! -RRB- the characters the dialougue , hell I 'll be honest with you I loved the opening credits very 50ish 60ish Horror / Sci-FI style -LRB- artsy I likee -RRB- and the music kicks Butt , Amazon.com we have a winner here -LRB- instant cult classic here -RRB- I will return and give a full review with out giving away the excitement to the first time viewers -LRB- Killer demon possessd Turkey -RRB- HA ! HA ! A Must have . . The turkey attack noise song is great . . I 'll be Back to follow this thru . . I 'm back . . somthing stopped my cont . of my review from going thru the first time ? O'wellthe movie pokes fun at -LRB- over used horror stuff -RRB- your typical cliches , and stereo type monster movie structures , you know , High School kids being played by people in their 30 's and 40 's , the drooling geeky fella , was kinda funny -LRB- looked like he was in his 30 's -RRB- , feel good moments . . you know . . get the viewer to be on an emotional level with it 's characters . . `` I love you too , kinda of stuff '' story goes as follows , an awokened -LRB- `` P '' - OFF '' -RRB- demon possessed Turkey -LRB- the vestige of a curse from a centries old Medicine Man -RRB- goes on a crazed rampage of revenge against the white people , of a small community . . town , the special effects are of a `` B '' class no + there , though I did enjoy the sharp camera work . . did a great job making it look like , a homicidal Turkey on the Loose . . LOL !! . . stick `` N '' Move . . he 's quick and dangerous LOL!HAHA !! was going to drop my rating to a 4 Star , but every time I think about the scene , when one of the survivors curses , and promises revenge -LRB- on the Turkey -RRB- is one of the funniest parts `` YOU GOT TA BE KIDDEN ME ? `` A FREAKIN TURKEY ?!! '' -LRB- so emotional , so distraught -RRB- and incredible funnyHA!HA!HA ! 5 stars for that funny !! . . sorry folks I do n't go into too much detail in my reviews , crushing any first time viewing expierences . . -LRB- especially if its a good dvd -RRB- if you know everything , before you watch it , what 's left to watch ? . . This film is sorta like a Toxic Avenger Movie -LRB- Cheezy acting , extreme gore , sex , horror -RRB- but done with a little more talent and class . . though do n't be fooled it 's pretty gorey . . definitely not for the little ones . . but extremely funny for the rest of us . . Turkey has more one liners than Freddie Kruger and Hellraiser 's -LRB- Cybenites -RRB- Pinhead , and he even has a little game , with the ladies . . -LRB- sheesh -RRB- . . Oh , . . and how can I possibly forget . . Turkey is also a master of Disguise LOL !! this movie is Corney , Funny , Disturbing and at times ah . . very . . aah ... awkward ? . . HAHA !! If you watch this movie , this review will make a lot more sense . . it could have had a better ending . . they probably struggled with the editing down process . .
 Not to be taken seriously , but seriously this is a hilarious , exciting , and scary low budget movie that looks like it was made in 30 days for $ 100k , but an article I read said it was made in 10 days for a couple thousand dollars or something like that . Amazing ! Must own
 This is one of the best horror movies I 've seen in some time , absolutely hilarious . From the very first nipple to the very last line , I was laughing .
 I 've got to admit that I 'm a sucker for any and all end-of-the-world-mega-disaster movies no matter how absurd ; the only disappointing thing about them is that humanity manages to stagger and stumble through it and pick up the pieces after it 's all over and move on -LRB- exception
 Maybe a little too far behind the AIRPLANE rip-off zeitgeist when it came out in 1985 to be remembered , WHEN NATURE CALLS -LRB- no , not the Ace Ventura sequel -RRB- seems ready to finally find a cult audience , a few decades late , on DVD . At its best when it is content to be a collection of sketches -- especially the nearly ten minutes of coming-attractions spoofs at the beginning of the film -- the movie loses a bit of energy when it settles into a silly story about a father moving his kin out to the country where they encounter the trials of wilderness living . There are a hell of a lot of groans in this movie , but quite a few lowbrow belly laughs too . And it 's a lot better double-feature partner to KENTUCKY FRIED MOVIE than AMAZON WOMEN ON THE MOOON .
 A movie to watch with a lot of people ... drunk . very funny . If you like silly/stupid movies like evil dead and attack of the killer tomatoes , you 'll love this one .
 This movie has become a higly succesful hit , after one of its actress , Mrs. Gates McFadden , became a super-star and higly respected in the showbiz in Star Trek
 This movie has probably the best love scene ever filmed between a woman and a bear . with that in mind , it is n't for everyone . I loved it and other warped minds will too . Best if viewed under the influence ...
 DVD-R mfrs . such as SYNERGY offer no commentary , deleted scenes , subtitles or other bonus features . Dubs are `` best available source '' and can vary from very good to only fair.The diminutive star of HERE COMES TROUBLE , William Tracy bears a resemblance to stop motion animating pioneerCharlie Bowers . He also looks a bit like a young Jack Haley . This HAL ROACH comedy that was distributed by UNITED ARTISTS was one of their last before the company shifted almost completely to television production.Although Tracy is good here , co-star Emory Parnell is absolutely outstanding . His coordination with complex physical `` business '' is really surprising . In one highlight , Tracy -LRB- as ` Dodo ' Doubleday -RRB- gives his news editor boss ` Windy ' Blake -LRB- Parnell -RRB- a cigar that was a gift to him -LRB- Dodo -RRB- from the office joker . Blake lights it , steams over some nonsense , slams his office door and the glass shatters . We see Blake glaring at the door from within his office and suddenly the cigar explodes , shredding into a perfect daisy pattern . Parnell 's reaction makes this moment quite hilarious.The story is straightforward -- Windy is being blackmailed by burlesque star Bubbles LaRue -LRB- Woodbury -RRB- . He sends annoying future son-in-law Dodo to the theater with enough cash to buy LaRue 's incriminating diary . While Dodo is visiting her dressing room , negotiations are interrupted by a knock at the door . He hides in the washroom so Bubbles can see who it is . A man with a pistol forces his way into her room and as Dodo cowers in the john , the unseen assailant kills Bubbles.The balance is a frantic ` who 's got the diary ? ' skirmish , with two bad guys , plus the cops and Windy , chasing Dodo all over the stage and wings during a show in progress . The audience thinks their struggles are part of the night 's entertainment and have a fun time watching trouserless Dodo swing across the stage on a rope , plus other bits of physical comedy . This chaotic sequence is reminiscent of the climax of Buster Keaton ` sSPEAK EASILY -LRB- 1932 -RRB- . Despite having fallen into obscurity , `` Here Comes Trouble '' is a little gem of a farce that 's well worth seeing , thanks to a most able cast , a fast pace and some good sight gags.Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 5.5 -RRB- Here Comes Trouble -LRB- 1948 -RRB- - Wiliam Tracy/Joe Sawyer/Emory Parnell/Betty Compson/Joan Woodbury -LRB- uncredited
 I thought this was great for the whole family . This movie is not rated , and usually , I base many of my choices on the rating . For those of you who do the same
 The Impossible Elephant premiered at The Sprockets Children Film Festival in Toronto in 2001 , where it won the YTV Silver Sprocket , as the audience 's favorite feature film . The film never showed in theaters in the US , but it was later screened in Europe and eventually was picked up by Showtime a few years later.Directed by Martin Wood and penned by Robert C. Cooper , both of Stargate fame , Impossible Elephant is a charming film which explores Daniel 's desire for a pet , and the unlikely fulfillment of that wish . For Daniel it 's about believing in the impossible , and for his father Steven , it 's about re-learning the need to believe and to look forward , not backwards.Nicholas Lea and Mia Sara , the adult leads , have a comfortable chemistry on screen , but the younger cast members are the real stars . The well developed characters shine in the manic race to save Lumpy , while they learn lessons about life , change and growing up.Though IE is ostensibly a children 's film , adults will enjoy it as well .
 This a remarkable elephant . He is taken to school for show and tell and he plays basketball with the boy who wished for it . He wants it as a pet , but his fathersays NO , but later changes his mind . The boy Daniel and some friends go to the zoo to get lumpy the elephant which was placed there at first . To get the elephant out of the zoo , he and some friends get on lumpy 's back and the elephant flies . Very good !
 A great film to watch , much fun , although predictable it had a few nice surprises.Another production from Press On Features which looks great .
 This movie had it going on - a weird , unpredictable storyline , just the right amount of dark comedy , and even Mark Hamill - and then it shot itself in the foot . Airborne does n't just jump the shark - it does cartwheels in the air while jumping the shark . I still think it 's a good movie , mainly because it 's so different than other films in the horror thriller genre , but it had the potential to earn some measure of cult status . I really do n't understand why such a good story had to be ruined by a dumb and unrealistic twist.This truly is the flight from hell . With unprecedented storms battering all of the UK , we join the cast and crew of the last flight permitted to take off from England . Only a smattering of passengers is left to actually board - and what a motley crew they are - along with some mysterious object in a box marked fragile . So who 's on the flight manifest ? You have a surly , bigshot jerk and his two henchmen , two veteran soldiers who served in Afghanistan , a very horny young couple , an American geography teacher with a motor mouth , a doctor , a young woman , and a drunk . A few of them may appear pretty normal , but there 's a story behind just about all of them . The flight crew is n't exactly top notch , either . One steward and one stewardess are decent folks , but they work with a real witch -LRB- well , it rhymes with witch , anyway -RRB- and a foreign dude who just shows up saying he 's replacing someone else . Meanwhile , Malcolm -LRB- an almost unrecognizable Mark Hamill -RRB- is back in the airport control room just trying to make it through his last shift before retirement . The last thing he needs is a jet to go rogue , but that 's just what happens , of course - although no one could ever imagine the events actually taking place out there above the Atlantic Ocean . The trouble starts when one passenger goes missing . Only one person really seems to care , but things start to unravel as a couple more go missing later on . I wo n't describe anything that happens - except to say that it 's increasingly weird and genuinely unpredictable -LRB- and eventually too weird for the movie 's own good -RRB- . Until the big twist , I was really into it and trying to guess how things might play out in the end.Those with sensitive ears should be aware of the fact that the entire film is filled with profanity . I have n't heard this much cursing since I lived in a college dorm . That does n't take anything away from the story , though . Some may also be interested in the fact that Mark Hamill stars in this British horror thriller . As I mentioned above , though , I honestly did n't recognize him - not until I went back to see which character Hamill portrayed . Of course , it 's been a long time since Luke Skywalker graced the big screen.I 'm giving Airborne four stars because I really enjoyed the first two-thirds of the film ; I should probably deduct more than one star for the final twenty-five minutes , but the overall story is still unique enough to set it apart from the hordes of unoriginal thrillers being pumped out every year .
 He will help this boy , and he does use his own voice near the end . Wonderful movie .
 I saw this movie and loved it . I think it is a great mystery . Every cast member was brilliant ! I 've gotten the video .
 I saw this movie several years ago and loved it . I thought it was suspensful , well acted and a great story . Liv Tyler , Richard Dryfus and Linda Hamilton all did a wonderful job . I highly recommend this movie to those who like the suspense/murder mystrey genre .
 This was a very intriguing movie . I liked it for its plot . Nice little whodunit . It was different . Very quiet movie . Not slow , just very quiet and steady . Parents murdered in their bedroom and the only witness is a little boy who 's autistic and ca n't tell what he saw . Richard Dreyfus , Liv Tyler , and especially the little boy were all good . Linda Hamilton has a very minor role . I believe this was Liv Tyler 's first movie -- she 's not great , but not bad either .
 The only movie I can really compare Silent Fall to is Mercury Rising , which I have seen several times and never tire of it and have yet to sell my copy . I now regret selling my copy of Silent Fall since Ben Faulkner plays the non-verbal autistic child , Tim quite accurately . It is kind of freaky how both children in these movies resemble my own non-verbal son . Luckily the viewer does not have to witness the murders that take place in the parent 's bedroom.Silent Fall begins in the aftermath at the residence with Tim holding the knife which is presumed to be the murder weapon . The eighteen year-old sister Sylvie is portrayed by Liv Tyler , and hiding in her closet , apparently attacked by the intruder . Supposedly she was shopping at the mall and came home while the murders were taking place.Law enforcement has enlisted the assistance of a psychiatrist played by Richard Dreyfuss , who immediately informs them the child is autistic and sends one of the officers around the house in search of a deck of cards . At first Jake runs out not wanting to get involved with the case , but a moment later enters the house and is able to render the knife away from Tim.Since the sister is eighteen the issue of who will take care of Tim is never really addressed , although they did stay with some relative for one day , but the incident at the dinner table resulted in Tim tearing up the kitchen.I believe this was the first role for Liv Tyler , and her acting was quite rigid at times with no real facial expressions or hints of sadness at the loss of her parents . You could tell the compassion for her brother , but this was by the tone in her voice at times it became higher pitched.John Lithgow plays Dr. Harlow who uses drugs on patients and is not a friendly type of Doctor . There is some connection between the two Doctors and the Sheriff . A few times Jake brings up the past incident where a former patient who was also autistic and non-verbal committed suicide by jumping in the lake at Jake 's residence . It was not fully explained , but from what I gathered this is where it took place . At one point Jake is discussing this child , Billy , with his wife . Linda Hamilton is a lawyer who has a small supporting role . She is instrumental in getting Jake to take on Tim as a patient.It was never mentioned what the drug was that the other Dr wanted to inject Tim with and I was not positive if the other patient Billy ever had an injection . At times you could see the concern from Sylvie for her brother and at other times she made no sense . I believe Sylvie was going to college during the day while Tim was working with Jake . The house they lived in was very large and creepy at times when they walked up the winding staircase.Silent Fall did keep me guessing and also questioning some things , but it held my interest the entire time and I was satisfied for the most part with the way autism was presented , especially since it was not a true story and more of a thriller . One disturbing aspect is when Tim is using echolalia and repeating the F word that his father had used toward him.Richard Dreyfuss did a good job with his performance , although at times it was hard to tell what the character was thinking or feeling . His depiction of a child psychiatrist was believable and he showed interest in the patient and he seemed to have knowledge in the subject of autism . John Lithgow was the Doctor you grew to despise , although his character was under developed.The best actor in Silent Fall by far was Ben Faulkner , who played the boy , but he did not seem to be a nine-year old since my son is the same age . His blank stares and vocalizing with noises was right on target and gave me goose bumps at times . For those that like mystery thrillers this is a good flick to consider and get a inside look at the world of a non-verbal autistic child with some off the wall scenarios .
 `` Silent Fall '' -LRB- 1994 -RRB- is a very good `` whodunit '' movie . It keeps you hooked from the very beginning.Aussie director Bruce Beresford is something more than a good artisan . He is an artist , even if not so very recognized in the USA , where he received `` only '' two Oscar nominations . He has been endorsed with four Golden Berlin Bear nominations and a huge variety of awards.He has delivered at least one unforgettable film
 Richard Dreyfuss ' quiet , restrained performance highlights this durable little thriller from Bruce Beresford , the director of such movies as BREAKER MORANT , DOUBLE JEOPARDY and of course , the Oscar winning DRIVING MISS DAISY . Dreyfuss portrays a psychologist who finds himself involved in the brutal murder of a couple , whose autistic son was found holding the murder weapon . Ben Faulkner as little Tim is quite good in his role , with evocative brown eyes and a cherubic little face . Liv Tyler plays his older sister , who was also at the scene of the crime . Tyler 's first role is a difficult one , and her inexperience shows in her incomplete performance , but she does have a few good moments . J.T. Walsh shows up as the sheriff who was also having an affair with the boy 's mother . John Lithgow plays a callous doctor who wants to medicate the little boy ; Lithgow is pretty much wasted in the role . Ditto to Linda Hamilton , who shows up as either Dreyfuss ' girlfriend or wife , one never knows which . She seems to have little interest in her role or her performance . In spite of this , however , SILENT FALL engages the viewer in the whodunit aspect , although the murderer is pretty obvious . Beautifully filmed in Baltimore County , the movie manages to intrigue and entertain .
 This movie is one of the best sleeper hits ever . with a stunning performance by the little guy , and dont forget , the girl from Armaggedon is in this movie too . And Richard Dreyfuss gives an excellent performance as well . I must say the script is a little messy and the film is a little shaky , but deffinently over way too fast . It actually looks like a real life crime , with real life People -LRB- who make real mistakes like overlooking certain OBVIOUS clues -RRB- , so with that in mind it really makes for a sort 48 hours -LRB- tv show not movie -RRB- aproach to a murder that is ultimately very intersting and invigorating . Plot
 This is one of those great who done it murder mysteries . The parents of an autisic boy are found brutally murdered in their bedroom and the boy is walking around the house covered in blood and carrying the knife that was used in the murder . Forensics quickly prove the boy did n't do it , but only he knows who did and he ca n't tell . Enter a brilliant yet flawed therapist played by Richard Dreyfuss . Relucantly , he begins to tackle communicating with the boy to discover what actually happened.With great performances and well written script , this is a well made who done it .
 Had been looking for this for a while , I should have known I would find it on Amazon , this site is amazing.Great price and fast shipping . Thanks Peggy Gilmer Texas
 It has been a long time since I had seen this movie , and I wanted to remember the storyline and plot . It was very well done for that time and even though the picture quality is typical for that time in movie history , it still packs a suspenseful punch . This is an exciting psychological thriller and worth the time it takes to find .
 I enjoyed SILENT FALL for the most part . The psychological story is intriguing , the characters are interesting , and Liv Tyler -LRB- in her film debut -RRB- is absolutely beautiful . Richard Dreyfuss -LRB- Jaws , Close Encounters Of The Third Kind -RRB- Makes a good enough psychologist , forcing me to wonder whatever happened to him . Linda Hamilton -LRB- Terminator 1 and 2 , Children Of The Corn -RRB- seems under-used as his wife . John Lithgow -LRB- Raising Cain -RRB- has about 7 minutes of screentime as a rival doctor . The kid was good as well . Did I mention that the lovely Liv Tyler -LRB- The Lord Of The Rings trilogy , The Strangers -RRB- is in this too ? My goodness gracious , she 's a wonder to behold ! Pardon me while I catch my breath ...
 After all these years we decided to build up a collection of shows we had watched before , a long time ago . So this is pure nostalgia !! The whole season comes in a great package , yours to keep and watch whenever you like .
 The product was exactly as described . I am very pleased with purchase . Will purchase again .
 Came very quickly was surprised it was still around Richard Dean Anderson really made the show especially with the things he could make with the things that were lying around were ever he was.Thanks
 mac is a great show even for younger ones becasue he saves the day without to much violence like guns
 Loved this when it was showing on TV , love it still . And , now I 've got my kids loving it ! I 've just introduced them to it and they have n't stopped watching it .
 The product was just what I was hoping for , and the reason I made the order . It came on time -LRB- actually early -RRB- and has been perfect for my needs . Thanks so much , and God bless you!Dick Grout
 MacGyver is one of the most well known 80s shows even today . Anyone who loved him then , will continue to with this box set .
 Super ! As much if not more fun than the original - no commercials ! So many big stars have had parts in this series at the start of their careers it 's amazing ! Enjoy , enjoy , enjoy !
 I have just finished purchasing the last season in the MacGyver series . I purchased the `` First Season '' from a retail outlet , then , when I could n't find subsequent seasons in the series at local stores , began ordering them one at a time from Amazon . I have just completed viewing the Complete Fourth Season , and am well into the Fifth Season . I have ordered the Sixth and Final seasons , which are `` on the way '' as of this writing . I remember the MacGyver series from the original presentations on Television , and continue to be delighted . This is one series which is long on basic science , caring for environmental and human issues , tender and loving without being abusively sexual , and wonderfully exciting with narrow escapes . MacGyver refuses to use or carry a gun , for a very good reason that is shown in one of the episodes . I 'm sharing this series with my twelve-year-old grandson .
 MacGyver was one of my favorite shows - I really missed it when it was discontinued . I was thrilled to find the seasons were available to buy . All I lack now is the last couple of seasons to complete my set .
 I can get rid of the taped from TV VHS copies now.This is great !
 A wonderful classic ! The cheasy bad guy on-liners , Just in the nick of time get-aways , Does n't get any better than this!MacGyver is a true International Hero , showing us the best side of humanity . GO MAC !
 Macgyver comes from a generation of television that cared about it 's viewers , Say no to drugs , care about your environment , the good guys always win . This is the type of TV that kept kids home with mom & dad , and made the 80 's such a simple , fun time that most of us remember fondly.This DVD collection will bring all those memories fresh in your mind - as you sit back and watch Macgyver outwit the bad guys with a roll of duct tape & a pack of chewing gum.It 's true that Paramount released a very basic collection . There 's no bells or whistles here , but the price is very reasonable too . Thought I would have loved to have a deleted scene , or perhaps a forgotten episode.So if you know the phrase `` Hi names Macgyver '' , please buy this DVD to support the release of more seasons .
 Great to see this very nice series on DVD . I just hope that Paramount includes Spanish audio and/or subtitles , and I 'll fall in love and get all the series when out.This series marked an era in the 80 's and 90 's and is a superb in entertainment for all the family.Update
 If nothing else , watching MacGyver will have you laughing at the see-through plots and terrible acting ! Those who love flashback fun and/or are fans of Richard Dean Anderson -LRB- also of Stargate -RRB- will love these episodes . Our family totally enjoyed watching , but more for the eye-rolling and ridiculing effect !
 I gave it 5 stars because I am a big fan of Macgyver and when I ordered it from Amazon , I got it in a week 's time !
 I 'm not sure what other people expected , but I bought the boxset just to watch the show . I watched it and thoroughly enjoyed it.I do n't care if there were no extras . I got what I wanted.MACGYVER !!!! Roll on season 2
 hi everyone i just bought macgyver season 1 dvd set last week its AWESOME . im realy looking forward on seeing macgyver season 2 on dvd in the next couple months . is it going have outtakes & bloopers . macgyver season 2 is even going to be better becouse more action murdoc , jack dalton , & penny parker . thanks bill green fellow macgyver fan .
 Angus MacGyver , played by Richard Dean Anderson is a wonderful series . The episodes share the adventures of a man , rather knowledgeable and capable of confronting any situation , any danger , any adversary without fear because he seems to intuitively know what to do to escape or survive challenges.From preventing major catastrophic events with the help of a simple paper clip , a roll of dock-tape , and a pocket knife , the hero allows us to safely travel with him to all corners of the world . He is James Bond without the help of high tech gadgets!What we like most is the simple things that MacGyver turns into wonderful tools or weapons , and the explanations that permit us to learn and enjoy his fascinating expertise.The first season has 22 episodes and each one is excellent . MacGyver works for the Phoenix Foundation , he is a spy , and always does good wherever he goes , getting involved with others and attempting to do what is right.A treasure to own , especially if you have teenagers around in need of an education on survival skills . If ever in trouble , I wish MacGyver would come to the rescue !
 I bought both the first and second seasons of MacGyver for my boyfriend 's birthday and he LOVES them . If you grew up watching MacGyver in all his craftiness then go out and get the DVDs - its fun -LRB- and kind of funny -RRB- and clever and now you can cater your MacGyver watching to your preferences . MacGyver fighting crime in the big city ? MacGyver fighting international terrorists ? MacGyver using orange juice to develop film ? It 's all right here . Also I 'd recommend `` The Unofficial MacGyver How-to Handbook
 Despite the no extras part . I still love the show and I willnot sell my DVD set . I used ta watch Mac ' with my Gradfatherwhen I was little and I utterly loved the show and now itsfinally comming out on DVD . I 'm Very happy . I 'm going to getevery set . I really love Mac !
 Awesome i live in the uk and it was not available it took no time to arrive really cool to own macgyver when id season two outthe only thing missing is commentary and behind the scenes but otherwise its just great if you love richard dean anderson this would fit perfect in your collection i also like the thin dvd boxes does not take up much room well done
 I was only two when this show came out and loved it !! When I was little I could n't wait for it to come on ... I do n't remember a lot of it which is why Im dying to get it on DVD ! I remember when i was like 3 and 4 years old happily yelling ... `` Gyver , Gyver , I want Gyver !! '' For a little girl that young ... well lets just say it was n't normal . I just liked the theme music and the fact that my parents watched it i guess . I remember watching reruns later also . . i loved when he 'd fix a bomb or something w/gum wrappers or everyday objects . I ca n't wait to watch this season on DVD to help me remember my childhood . Although everyone has stated that there are no extras and the quality is poor ... i want it simply because its MacGyver . Yes they should want to treat the show with the respect it deserves , but I am just happy they are even releasing it .
 Now I know why he never said his first name . . -LRB- did he ever say on the show ? -RRB- MAC GYVER IS MY ALL TIME FAVORITE TV SHOW . The first couple seasons of Mac are absolutely the best -LRB- Mac the international problem solver -RRB- . . loved all the extra 5 minute preview stories . Then Paramount lost their edge in the last half -LRB- Mac the urban avenger -RRB- . This package is certainly worth every penny for commercial free , uninterupted Mac although I agree with most that they could have put in more work to talk to the frequently shown cast and explain where the idea for the show started . This show deserved some frills to be added but a true fan like me is just glad after 20 years to have something better than my worn out tapes . After the first show I was hooked , I tried back in 1985 to record each show but tape gets old , mess ups on pausing/recording , or tapes accidentally get ruined . For years I have wished for a set like this to come out and as I do every so often when I watch a show on TVland or WGN I hoped something like this would be made and just this past weekend I saw the commercial and could n't order the set fast enough.For a kid of only 14-15 in 1985 to see someone think on his toes like Mac and save the day made him my hero and I still think of him that way . A TRULY INSPIRATIONAL GOOD GUY !! RDA is a class act and SG1 shows he was n't just a flash in the pan . He is my generation 's James Bond before we really knew of James Bond . I hope this package does well to illustrate just how popular the show was and is . The shows in this package to me are the best of the best . Extras would be the only thing they could have added to make the set complete . Paramount , HINT . . HINT for Season 2 !!!
 One of the best things I like about it is that the kids think its cool and do n't even realize it is not a `` shoot-em up '' , or vulgar , or depressing . It is all about using your wits , and `` whatever you find along the way '' to get yourself out of whatever jam you are in.So glad I found this on DVD .
 I 'm from Greece and I grew up watching Macgyver ! Although I have almost all the episodes in tapes , I 'm so excited!It 's one of the best shows ever , with great acting , script , ideas ... I still ca n't go to bed without having watched one of the episodes !
 Thank you ... Macgyver resembles all that is innovation . He -LRB- and the show entirely -RRB- is the centerpiece of all types of engineering and puzzle solving . It is quite obvious that Macgyver was influenced from Adventure games like King 's Quest and Zork ... and inspired an cult generation of Adventure gamers that still participate greatly in the Adventure genre . I too am one of these loyal advocates . Macgyver and Adventures share an enormous scope of characteristics . Both are some of the best forms of entertainment and education in existence.Many think that Macyver is stupid and is plagued with bad acting , writing , action , direction , scoring , etc. ... But it 's not about that -LRB- eventhough sometimes they are pretty bad . -RRB- It 's about a true Hero that does n't have any powers . Just his body and mind . -LRB- And this is even more solidified that Mac hates guns . -RRB- Heroes are all about inspiration . Mac inspired me showing that you truely can make something out of nothing . Thinking outside of the box . Personally , I call this a dynamic mindset ; in essence , a dynamic mindset is a ton of varying viewpoints that do not focus on one topic or solution . This mindset is also analogized via Mac 's Swiss army knife . A Swiss army knife is a n all purpose tool that can be used for any number of jobs ; in essence a varying tool . That is why they fit that well together.This show is not about whizbang action or drama . It is about a TRUE hero.JOIN us as we Adventure into our forbidden treasure that is Macgyver on DVD ... after many sleepless nights praying this would come.My cup runneth over , Lysergic Communion ... We can now die happy men -LRB- edit
 I 'm glad MacGyver 's on DVD at last . This season set is pretty good , except that the episodes are n't top quality transfers which is dissapointing . Also there is no stereo or surround sound soundtrack . Again dissapointing.But the only thing that keeps me from giving it 5 stars Is the lack of any kind of Bonus material whatsoever.If anyone from Paramount is reading this Please put bonus features on future season sets .
 Hello , I am from Barranquilla -LRB- Colombia -RRB- and I am 28 year old , I grew up watching all this series , like Knight Rider , The A-Team , Automan , Airwolf , Mission Impossible , X-Files and I am very interested in buying the DVD 's , but Ido n't know if Macgyvers DVD has spanish subtitles.I bought Knight Rider season one because it has spanish subtitles , but I do n't know if Macgyver has them too.Please could you tell me if this DVD has spanish subtitles.Thank you very much ...
 Good ol' Mac was my hero ... just like my dad . They have something in common ; they can fix anything , with a little household stuff and some ingenuity . I once got myself back into my house from the back door , with a paperclip , thanks to an idea I got from MacGyver ! May he live forever on DVD !
 My 11 year old grandson made his own bow and arrow one day . My daughter told him that he had &#34; MacGyver 'd &#34; that quite well . He had never heard of MacGyver so I purchased this for him . The whole family is enjoying watching these programs .
 dvd 's work . package not disintegrated . it is as it claimed to be , who would n't be happy with such an outcome ?
 This was the pilot for a show I never saw in it 's first run . I can see why this charactor is an icon for resourcefulness and is frequently mentioned on Mythbusters and NCIS.It is a very witty and lighthearted show.I wish it was available to borrow or rent . I do n't think I will watch it very many times .
 Why have n't they brought back MacGyver ? It is energentic , inventive family friendly action . There is plenty of science and illustrations that necessity is the mother of invention . MacGyver never uses bad words nor do the bad guys . There is violence on the part of the bad guys but MacGyver is refreshingly anti-violent . And sex ? MacGyver is n't hanging out alone with women in his apartment and the most involved he gets is the kiss inveritably received after rescuing someone . Can we please get more TV like this back in prime time ? Until then , we will be streaming MacGyver on Amazon Prime . Finally a clean show that has the whole family glued to the screen !
 MACGYVER IS THE MASTER OF MAKEING IT ON THE RUN ! HE PROVED YOU CAN MAKE ANYTHING FROM ANYTHING , AT ANYTIME .
 MacGyver is an awesome tv series and my family and I really enjoy watching it . His adventures are so crazy !
 A must have for any MacGyver fan ! He might be older , but he still knows how to get out of any tough situation . The set came quickly and was in great condition -LRB- no flaws in packaging or disks -RRB- . It played perfectly and has been fun to watch !
 Slowly , but surely , we will have all 7 seasons of the MacGyver series ! My sons and I truly enjoy watching MacGyver , well , `` MacGyver It ! '' It is somewhat educational in that my boys question whether or not ` it can be done ' ; then they study/research the topic until they 're satisfied . The T.V. show Mythbusters has made it even more fun during episodes proving/disproving MacGyver actions . We are super Richard Dean Anderson fans as well .
 Macgyver ages well , it is still interesting and still amazing how he can take a piece of chewing gum , a penny , and a little bit clay and make something explode . There is a little profanity , but only a word or two in each show .
 The first season is a great season with many exciting parts . However ... there is an episode with killer ants that was quite frightening for my neices and nephews .
 We have thoroughly enjoyed the Macgyver DVDS . More programs need to be of this caliber .
 If there was a series i was dying to come out on dvd . this was it .
 A Fantastic Series that launched a new way of thinking about how to solve problems with only what is at hand . Making one thing into another kind of thinking .
 LOVE IT ! I own all of them and love them . - Now if only they would come out with the two movies !
 I 've been waiting for a long time to get this on DVD . Hopefully the studio will release them all soon . This was my favourite show when I was young and I look forward to watching them all again .
 Well , my husband loves MacGyver and so I bought this for him for his b-day . He loves it ! Great season from what I saw anyway .
 Muy buena calidad lastimosamente no exist en mi idioma y no me percate de este detalle al momento de comprar pero fue error mio
 I have LOVED Macgyver for years , and was not-so-patiently waiting for it to come out on DVD . I 'm thrilled to be able to watch on DVD , instead of my ten year old vcr tapes . I 'm thrilled that the PTB finally granted our wish to have this wonderful program on DVD . My only disappointments are that it 's only available in Full Screen , and there are NO special features . I hope in future season releases they add interviews with some of the recurring characters like Penny Parker -LRB- Teri Hatcher -RRB- and Murdoc -LRB- Michael des Barres -RRB- .
 Episodes for Macgyver season 4 . SEASON 4The Secret of Parker House Blood Brothers The Outsiders On a Wing and a Prayer Collision Course The Survivors Deadly Dreams Ma Dalton Cleo Rocks Fraternity of Thieves The Battle of Tommy G . The Challenge Runners Gold Rush The Invisible Killer Brainwashed Easy Target Renegade Unfinished Business
 Finally Paramount comes out with Macgyver on DVD . This is worth every penny if your a macgyver fan . If you buy it from Best Buy its 27.99 and theres 22 episodes so it comes out to about $ 1.27 an episode when you think of it that way it sounds pretty good , and if each episode is about 40 minutes that comes out to about $ 0.03 a minute for commercial free Macgyver.I cant wait for season 2
 We have season 1-3 so we thought we would like season 4 . We were not disappointed . It was a gift for our teenage grandson . He liked it very much . He has watched it more than once
 Fast service and before Christmas thanks ! Thanks ! Thanks ! Thanks ! Thanks ! Thanks ! Thanks ! Thanks ! Thanks ! Thanks ! Thanks ! Thanks ! Thanks ! Thanks ! Thanks !
 Bought this for my dad for Christmas -LRB- think he just lost his cable channel that included this program -RRB- . He was thrilled ! I 'll be buying more for his birthday . : -RRB-
 We have completed the Fourth season and are now watching the Fifth Season . We consider this to be very good family entertainment .
 It is fun to watch this show and see the comparison in the thinking of the times . I mean no cell phones . It makes such a difference . It is also more intellegent than a lot of action shows of today are . They do n't rely on gory bodies , car chases and gun battles to fill in time in lieu of a story . This is a show well worth watching .
 To my uttermost surprise when I opened the package , I found within it a thick , new-looking set of DVDs . The description I had attained from the seller was n't that convincing . Overall it cost me $ 5 . A great deal . I intend to give it as a Birthday gift . Thanks guys ! God bless you all !
 I gave the first season to my son in law as a Christmas gift and he loves it . He has not seen the show in years . Good quality video on his high definition tv .
 Who does n't love Macgyver , most of us grew up with good moral values and how to make stuff with duck tape
 Bought this for hubby as a gift . It arrived exactly when it was supposed to . Wish it was available bias blue-ray though .
 This is the first McGyver episode Ive ever seen . It was o.k. . It was a tad bit slow . Persis Khambattas ' performance was outstanding !!!
 MacGyver is the original DIY
 MacGyver on DVD !!! -LRB- Officially ! -RRB- This is awesome!MacGyver is my favorite show of all time . I grew up watching this show from beginning to end and it is so great to see it finally being given a full season by season release on DVD.For anyone who by some unfortunate chance has never gotten to see this show , definitely pick this set up . -LRB- Though I wish Amazon would spell the name right . The `` G '' is capitalized ! -RRB- Here 's a few reasons why I like this show so much . Well , okay , the first thing that drew me to the show was the great action and last minute escapes with MacGyverisms . Amazing what you can do with a Swiss Army Knife , duct tape , and your wits ! : - -RRB- I really liked the fact that he was against guns , smoking , drugs , and drinking . All in all , MacGyver is a great show that provides plenty of action and entertainment , actual useful knowledge , and a positive role model who portrays good morals . He also was one of the most caring heroes on TV who took time to help others just because they needed help . He really had genuine compassion and kindness towards others . I also like the way that he shook his hand after punching someone . It really showed a human side to him , that it 's okay to say `` ow '' when you hurt . He was definitely a cool hero and those are all the reasons why I still love watching MacGyver today .
 MacGyver is a family series that does not dumbdown for its audience . Its Indiana Jones , James Bond and Mr. Wizard all rolled into one.Season four , like the other three season on DVD , are filled with friends from previous seasons ... Penny Parker -LRB- Teri Hatcher -RRB- , Jack Dalton -LRB- Bruce McGill -RRB- and Mac 's sidekick/boss Peter Thorton -LRB- The late Dana Eclar -RRB- and his arch villian Murdoc -LRB- played to the hilt by Micheal Des Barres -RRB- . The best episodes of this season are : Cleo Rocks-which shows why Teri Hatcher is the star she is today , as she tried to mount a musical with a killer -LRB- ala the Phanton of the Opera -RRB- lurkingOn a Wing and A Prayer-reminds this critic of Flight of The Phoenix as Mac , Jack and Pete try to raise a bullet ridden sea planeDeadly Dreams-Which is a TV spin on Silence of the Lamb-where Mac works with a criminal mastermind similar to Hannibel Lechter to find an escape killerIt is great TV at its best ... However Dana Eclar passed this year-it would have been nice to have a tribute to him on the DVD . And One can wish Richard Dean Anderson one day does an audio commentary on a MacGyver box setThese 19 episodes are well worth your money and your time . So Paramount - so when is the rest coming ? Soon I hope!Bennet Pomerantz , AUDIOWORLD
 I love MacGyver . It is undoubtedly one of my all-time favourite shows , and I am ecstatic to learn it is finally going to be available on DVD . I can only hope and pray it will be available in Australia , because only one of my DVD players is formatted to play Region 1 disks.MacGyver is a classic action show from the Eighties/early Nineties . It had just about everything - action , adventure , trauma , disaster , triumph , excitement , comedy and even the occasional touch of romance . We have the lead character Angus MacGyver -LRB- his first name was finally provided in one solitary episode , much to the character 's displeasure -RRB- , his best friend and boss Pete Thornton , who is head of the Phoenix Foundation , and his nemesis , Murdoch , who pops up every so often with one thought on his twisted mind - kill MacGyver.One of the highlights of the show was watching the title character get out of the tightest jams using seemingly mundane , everyday objects . As a friend pointed out , put a Swiss Army Knife , duct tape and a couple of wires in the guy 's hand , and he could blow his way out of Fort Knox.Yes , the show seemed silly at times , but that was half the fun , and it made science fun for those of us ignoramuses who just were n't science-oriented . The beauty of a show like MacGyver was that there were endless possibilities for storylines . I recall a particularly exciting episode in which Mac was employed to break into a hi-tech building in order to test out the new central , sentient computer system . He got in , but then could not get out again when the computer went haywire and tried to kill him for real.In total contrast there was an episode in the same vein as the Harrison Ford film `` Witness '' , where he is injured and finds himself recuperating in a small Amish community.Unlike so many shows at the moment that are restricted in their plots and end recycling the same monotonous drivel over and over , MacGyver encompassed such a broad range of subjects that , for me at least , the show never lost interest.It is a relief to know that someone has finally seen fit to put at least the first season on DVD . As I said before , I hope it will be available in Australia as well as the US , and hopefully the other seasons will also be released in time .
 Dana Alcar guest 's in Pilot as a completely different character other than Pete Thornton , whom he 'll come to play later already in Season One . The back-story -LRB- lore ? -RRB- for Mac was not yet quite in place and so is a bit uneven -- and , frankly , Richard Dean Anderson had n't quite gotten the rhythm of his character until about half-way through the season . By pilot of Season Two -- THAT is the start of classic Mac . But unless you are a MEGA-Die Hard Mac fan , you 'll be quite satisfied to skip Season One and go right into Season Two where the first episode gives just enough back explanation about Pete 's role at Phoenix to get you off and running . -LRB- Wish I 'd known that before I bought the set ! -RRB- Though , I must say , the first episode with Penny Parker , the first episode with Mac 's Grandpa Harry , and the episode with the Fire Ants are among my favorite of all-time Mac episodes , and they are in Season One .
 Look , it 's often cheesy , contrived , and poorly edited . Sappy as hell , too - but god help me , I love this show . Part of it 's the nostalgia , part of it 's Richard Dean Anderson -LRB- who has a sly sense of humor about himself that helps to smooth over some of the flaws -RRB- , but mostly , I think , it 's getting to watch a show that revels in its lead 's intelligence . Too often we 're told that brute strength is the only way to be a `` real man , '' the only way to be the sort of hero anybody can look up to ; to get someone who succeeds because he 's clever and reads a lot - that 's just too cool for school.The kid I was loved it . I 'm just glad that the -LRB- sort of -RRB- grown-up me loves it just as much .
 What is not to like about this fabulous series ? Action , drama , comedy and problem solving . And its all family friendly . MacGyver used his brain , not guns to get himself and his friends out of trouble . What mother could say no to a show like that ? Not to mention kids can actually learn a thing or two from this show , unlike ones on today . The show presented a good role model while being highly entertaining at the same time . And most importantly , he was easy on the eyes : -RRB-
 I do n't know why everyone is complaining about the quality and no special features.The reason they call them special features is because they are special and they are n't always there . I just think it is the best show ever.I have watched every show over and over again.I still love each one the same that I did the first day I got it!Who would n't ?! I do n't think that the picture is grainy or poor at all , I love it!I am going to preorder the second season as soon as possible!I hope that Paramount comes out with the rest of the seasons!I certainly got my $ 30 worth !
 Richard Dean Anderson plays secret agent Angus MacGyver , a man so brilliant he can make land mines out of pine cones , he can fix the brakes of a car while it 's moving , and he can single-handedly defeat the armed forces of the Soviet Union multiple times , once even in Afghanistan . This is the first season of the series on DVD , and it is impossible not to be entertained and amused by the cheesy irrepressibility of this show.Every week MacGyver gets himself into some kind of impossible jam , but due to his knowledge of , well , pretty much everything , he always manages to escape . I love the episodes with `` opening gambits '' , pieces of plot unconnected to the main story that run before the credits to get the episodes up to the proper length for airing on network television . My favorite example of the opening gambit in this set is in `` Deathlock '' in which MacGyver 's coffin -LRB- which he is cleverly using to escape East Berlin -RRB- transforms into a jet ski . It 's a sequence that is so ridiculous that I never tire of it.These episodes are all outlandish , fun , and enjoyable . In addition to `` Deathlock '' my other favorite of the set is `` Target MacGyver '' , in which MacGyver and his grandfather are targeted by a professional assassin , `` Axminister '' , a bad guy who might be more fearsome except he looks for all the world like Al Roker wearing the sunglasses elderly patients wear home after cataract surgery . The only episode I did n't really care for in this set was `` Every Time She Smiles '' which features an actress playing imbecilic actress `` Penny Parker '' in a fracas with the Bulgarian Secret Police . I could almost not make it through this episode due to the extreme grating nature of Penny Parker
 Season 4 was as good as ever ! I loved this show as a child and it is even better now !! Classic MacGyver getting himself out of any and all situations . We need more TV heroes like MacGyver today . He is entertaining , but always upholds a decent set of morals . I 'm glad the later seasons got away from the `` James Bond Playboy '' attitude that was prevalent in Season 1 . Season 4 tackled some of the big issues of the day for the late 1980 's . Mac was just good clean entertainment and he always made you think ! I actually think it was MacGyver that inspired me to study Chemistry in college - he always knew everything about anything!The DVD 's were good quality and reasonably priced . I liked the fact that there were not to many extras added keeping the price down . Overall a great buy ! I plan on purchasing the rest of the series !
 I had seen most of the MacGyver series back in the late 80 's and early 90 's when ITV used to show it every Saturday afternoon at 5:15 pm , but never got to see all the series because Sky bought the rights half way through season 3 . So when Paramount * FINALLY * released this fantastic show on DVD I just had to buy it . I still enjoy this show as much as I did back then . I have since bought seasons 2 and 3 , and will also buy seasons 5 , 6 , and 7 as soon as they are released!A must see T.V show for any fan of action and adventure . 10/10
 This is a great package of some classic MacGyver episodes . Anybody who likes to use their minds to solve puzzels will like this .
 Finally , this wonderful series is coming out in DVD . I am still entertained by the episodes and am waiting for the next releases . As a science teacher , I use some of Mac 's innovations to stimulate discussion and interest with the students . It is a great way to get their interest . Especially for the price , this is truly a bargain . Bring on the next years -- I am ready for them .
 MacGyver is a family series that does not dumbdown for its audience . Its Indiana Jones , James Bond and Mr. Wizard all rolled into one.Season four , like the other three season on DVD , are filled with friends from previous seasons ... Penny Parker -LRB- Teri Hatcher -RRB- , Jack Dalton -LRB- Bruce McGill -RRB- and Mac 's sidekick/boss Peter Thorton -LRB- The late Dana Eclar -RRB- and his arch villian Murdoc -LRB- played to the hilt by Micheal Des Barres -RRB- . The best episodes of this season are : Cleo Rocks-which shows why Teri Hatcher is the star she is today , as she tried to mount a musical with a killer -LRB- ala the Phanton of the Opera -RRB- lurkingOn a Wing and A Prayer-reminds this critic of Flight of The Phoenix as Mac , Jack and Pete try to raise a bullet ridden sea planeDeadly Dreams-Which is a TV spin on Silence of the Lamb-where Mac works with a criminal mastermind similar to Hannibel Lechter to find an escape killerIt is great TV at its best ... However Dana Eclar passed this year-it would have been nice to have a tribute to him on the DVD . And One can wish Richard Dean Anderson one day does an audio commentary on a MacGyver box setThese 19 episodes are well worth your money and your time . So Paramount - so when is the rest coming ? Soon I hope!Bennet Pomerantz , AUDIOWORLD
 I tend to agree with most reviewers on the MacGyver DVD . I grew up watching the show during its run on Network Television . I yearned each week for the next great adventure . But , the DVD 's are lacking . Nothing is included with the episodic content . Nothing adds to the value of the series . In this day and age of special features , director 's commentaries , and Easter Eggs galore , the makers of the MacGyver DVD have failed.Lucky for them the show 's greatness bulks their rating to 4 stars . This is still MacGyver in his earliest adventures . This is MacGyver pre-Phoenix foundation . This is still a joy to watch .
 I just wan na say that bad acting and easy plots etc. is what makes MacGyver so great ! The badguys are stereotypes , the girls are stereotypes and the story is kinda obvious . But thats what makes it so fun too watch . You got ta watch the show with a sence of irony , not critisisme . Then you can sit back and enjoy the action and adventures!But I do miss some interviews or comentary tracks !
 This item has been a LONG time coming . I became mesmorized by the show MacGyver in the early 80 's and followed it ever since . It is great to finally be able to collect this great tv show in an unedited format . The show has never seemed to lose its popularity , and it 's one show that even my kids love to watch with me . This is a must-have for old and new Macgyver fans alike !
 I liked MacGyver whenever I saw it on tv . He never carries a gun . and he can do most anything . When it came out on dvd I could n't wait to get it.When we got it we watched 2 to 3 every day.We always wathched one before we went to bed . I did n't see anything wrong with it . It was just fine to me and my family . Nothing was wrong with the color or sound . But in one of the episodes you had to turn it up a little . but that was it . Of course I really did n't pay attention to color and sound . I just wanted to watch it . All the dvd 's they released of the old tv shows I like . The top two of my favorite dvd 's are Due South which is a mountie looking for the killer of his father but that is another story . And then there is Macgyver . They are both funny , smart , and entertaining for the whole family . That is why I like MacGyver . In every episode he always has either his Duct tape or his swiss army knife . He 'll fix or rig what ever he could with duct tape . Then he would always pick locks with the swiss army knife . One time he even started a plane with it . If you have n't seen this show it is a good one to watch it is entertaining for the whole family about 10 and older .
 MacGyver is , as usual , entertaining and interesting . Though there is no special features on this DVD set , season one of MacGyver is worth every penny anyway -LRB- and I 'm not talking Penny Parker -LRB- Teri Hatcher -RRB- .
 Beware , there is some reference to the Pilot Episode so if you want to watch that without knowing anything about it , please feel free to skip this review.It has a Canadian Home Video Rating of PG and carries the warning that it is not recommended for young children and that it has a mature theme . I , on the other hand , think that MacGyver should be shown to children at a very young age because it teaches people to exercise creativity when given severe constraints and to be calm even when adversity is giving you a death stare . Also , MacGyver 's moral messages are still casually contagious during Season 1 , unlike the in-your-face-and-lungs The Truth commercials . First of all , he hates guns worse than I hate how Paramount waited so long to release this -LRB- except in the Pilot Episode when his moral system was n't completely intact yet and Pete Thornton was some other guy -RRB- . Second , his reaction to cigarettes in the Pilot Episode is golden . The D.A.R.E. -LRB- Drug Abuse Resistance Education -RRB- program should look into getting the rights to show that clip to children because it would show them secondhand that firsthand smoking can be a source of great discomfort.I '' m quite satisfied with the picture quality . However , the visuals were n't remastered so the picture is noticeably grainy sometimes . However , the 80 's synthesizer beats that are prevalent throughout every episode sound exquisitely crisp and more than offset the picture quality.This really is Patty and Selma 's nondry dreams come true . The plots are entertaining and the frequent use of explosives is sufficient enough to keep Vin Diesel living his life a quarter mile at a time .
 When Macgyver was on the air my mom was a big fan but I never watched it since I was young at the time . Now I bought the first season for the heck of it and just ca n't stop watching . It stars Richard Dean Anderson -LRB- Stargate
 My opinion is n't in flow with much of the popular opinion posted , but I really enjoyed this release . I liked that there were n't any extras in the DVD and enjoyed just being able to sit back and watch the episodes one at a time . The story lines were great and although there are some that I like more than others , this show really has lived up to my expectations . I was afraid -LRB- being as young as I was when this first came out -RRB- that when I watched it again , it would be disappointing , but I was pleasantly surprised . It has been just as good as I remembered , and I am really looking forward to the releases of the next seasons . MacGyver 's character , is the polite , and humorous entertainment I have been looking for . I would recommend this to anyone !
 A unique and different kind of TV action series , MacGyver made its television premiere in the Fall of 1985 to much fanfare . Audiences immediately responded to the title character and his unusual penchant for turning everyday items like chewing gum and paperclips into elaborate life-saving contraptions . In this way , it maintained a slight resemblance to The A-Team , and this recurring plot device helped MacGyver build a strong cult following ... Richard Dean Anderson plays the title role of MacGyver , an energetic employee of the fictional Phoenix Foundation for Research . An unorthodox hero by action series standards , MacGyver has a deadly fear of heights . A pacifist who refuses to use weapons , he relies heavily on his ability to use his brain and tinker with the various materials at his disposal . MacGyver 's best friend , and the director of the Phoenix Foundation , is Pete Thornton -LRB- Dana Elcar -RRB- . Pete often sends MacGyver on Foundation missions and sometimes comes to his aid -LRB- usually after MacGyver has saved the day -RRB- . In addition , MacGyver is joined on a regular basis by his airplane pilot friend Jack Dalton -LRB- Bruce McGill -RRB- , a man who constantly entangles himself in illegal activities and other troublesome situations . Between the usual slew of bad guys , the vendetta of archenemy Murdoc -LRB- Michael Des Barres -RRB- , and his multitude of troublesome friends , MacGyver is always in the midst of interesting and dangerous events , and the show 's true entertainment value derives from watching MacGyver 's distinctive method of dealing with each one ... The MacGyver -LRB- Season 1 -RRB- DVD features a number of action-packed episodes including the series pilot in which MacGyver is forced to race against the clock when a team of scientists are trapped underground after a lab experiment goes awry . Wanting to contain the leak , the Army allots a small time window for MacGyver to pull off his mission before they destroy the facility ... Fans will make note of some interesting aspects of the pilot episode such as Dana Elcar 's role as another character , MacGyver 's use of a gun , and MacGyver 's boss is a man named Gantner -LRB- Michael Lerner -RRB- ... Other notable episodes from Season 1 include `` Trumbo 's World '' in which MacGyver , while on expedition in Brazil , encounters and wages war with a mile-wide column of army ants , and `` Every Time She Smiles '' in which MacGyver meets up with a beautiful , yet talkative , artist named Penny Parker -LRB- Teri Hatcher -RRB- and the two must escape the clutches of the KGB ... Below is a list of episodes included on the MacGyver -LRB- Season 1 -RRB- DVD : Episode 1 -LRB- Pilot -RRB- Episode 2 -LRB- The Golden Triangle -RRB- Episode 3 -LRB- Thief of Budapest -RRB- Episode 4 -LRB- The Gauntlet -RRB- Episode 5 -LRB- The Heist -RRB- Episode 6 -LRB- Trumbo 's World -RRB- Episode 7 -LRB- Last Stand -RRB- Episode 8 -LRB- Hellfire -RRB- Episode 9 -LRB- The Prodigal -RRB- Episode 10 -LRB- Target MacGyver -RRB- Episode 11 -LRB- Nightmares -RRB- Episode 12 -LRB- Deathlock -RRB- Episode 13 -LRB- Flame 's End -RRB- Episode 14 -LRB- Countdown -RRB- Episode 15 -LRB- The Enemy Within -RRB- Episode 16 -LRB- Every Time She Smiles -RRB- Episode 17 -LRB- To Be a Man -RRB- Episode 18 -LRB- Ugly Duckling -RRB- Episode 19 -LRB- Slow Death -RRB- Episode 20 -LRB- The Escape -RRB- Episode 21 -LRB- A Prisoner of Conscience -RRB- Episode 22 -LRB- The Assassin -RRB- The DVD Report
 MacGyver was one of the defining shows of my generation . When the show became popular , a lot of kids started carrying swiss army knives and suddenly , it was cool to learn about physics and chemistry and just being creative . Seeing it again after twenty years I have to say that Mac still has n't lost his touch , with a non-gritty adventure style that does n't fail to thrill.On the downside , the DVD set looks and feels like the episodes have been pulled out of archive and recorded on DVD with hardly any effort to enhance it . Thus the picture is a little red in hue -LRB- or I may just need to replace my old almost 20-year old TV -RRB- and there are some grains that can be seen . The sound is also in mono . For those who want a touch of nostalgia , this set is for you for it will definitely remind you of how the series looked like back then . Personally , it does n't bother me that much . I 'm in it for the action , so to speak.Those looking for special features will find nothing of interest here . No documentaries , no commentaries , not even subtitles for catching all that scientific jargon that is scattered in bits and pieces throughout the series . I hope that Paramount will consider adding such bonuses to help us appreciate this very innovative series.Oh , yeah , I 'm NOT looking forward to the later seasons , where the series became too preachy about certain issues , particularly about the environment . I 'm all for environmental conservation , but to turn one of my favorite secret agents -LRB- yes , people , he was a secret agent of sorts in the first seasons -RRB- , into a liberal activist kind of lost his magic for me , even if I do support some of his agendas . If I wanted liberal rhetoric , I 'd attend fora and symposia on them.Overall , I 'm very happy about the first season of MacGyver , despite the lack of special features .
 One of my favorite shows , as a kid at least . It gets repetitive , but it 's still fun to watch an episode or two every once in awhile . If you grew up with Macgyver as a kid , you know how great it was . It was like a 47 minute b-action movie . Sometimes nonstop action . Macgyver made a great debut in it 's first season , and would go strong for years after . Season one has a few really good episodes , but my favorite by far is `` Thief of Budapest '' . It starts out with a cold intro , meaning it does n't have anything to do with the episode . Macgyver has to steal back a valuable horse because people may go to war over it . He has a pole vs sword duel on horses with a big mustache guy and Macgyver of course wins , and to top it off he rams his horse into a couple other guys on horses who were circling around him . Then there 's something I 've never seen before . A helicopter comes flying above Macgyver and has a strap attached to it which Macgyver puts on the horse and the helipcopter flies them away . Breathtaking . Then the episode actually starts . There 's an amazing painful looking stunt , a bar fight , a fun car chase with a bunch of Mini Coopers going down stairs and other cool stuff , Macgyver makes out with a hot gypsy woman , he slides down a slanted roof Jackie Chan style , and they do n't even use a stunt double . Such an awesome episode.People seem to be mad that the only way you can get the 2 TV movies is to buy the Macgyver complete series box set . Maybe I 'm just one of the few people that do n't really care for the Macgyver movies . I 'm happy that I bought all of the seasons seperately . I 've seen the complete series box set and it has like 20 discs all stacked on top of eachother . There 's no way I 'd pay a hundred dollars for that .
 Who can make a bomb out of chewing gum ? With this video , you 'll be brought back to the days when MacGyver and his trusty knife -LRB- Swiss Army knife -RRB- could get out of any situation . Warning
 The MacGyver series had a big impact on my life . I can still remember the first episodes and tell myself
 You can relieve all the action and adventure with Angus MacGyver again and again . You girls get a hot stud and the guys get lots of action . Aside from the fact that there is no extras on this set , you wont be to disappointed . It was hard enough to get MacGyver released onto DVD . This is also a good show for kids to watch -LRB- not very young ones -RRB- and may get you to thinking `` What would MacGyver do in this situation ??? '' if your ever in trouble . If your an RDA fan , dont miss getting this set or any of the others as there released . You wont be dissapointed . And just think girls , you can see RDA any time you want :-RRB- .
 Who does n't love this show ? Twenty years later , it still holds up pretty well . It definitely beats out most of the junk on TV today . Another television movie would be cool to see .
 It is fantastic to finally be able to have MacGyver on Dvds , twenty years after the episodes were done ! And to comment what people have said about the image quality , the quality is fair , really , especially since , as I said earlier , this season was shot 20 years ago , back in 1985 . You could n't sincerely hope for much better.About the commercials ... that may sound annoying to certain , but they are about other -LRB- old -RRB- funny shows , so it 's not bad to see 30 seconds of them at the beginning of the first dvd . Also , let 's not forget that it is partly thanks to them -LRB- and the cost they represent -RRB- that such an event -LRB- the release of MacGyver on dvds -RRB- has been posible ... Finally , about the no bonus , extras thing -LRB- and the people who say the dvds cost too much for just that -RRB- ... well , the dvds only cost $ 27.29 ... That 's amazing for six dvds ! Even six empty dvds -LRB- to burn -RRB- cost less than that ... Let 's face it , this is a great deal ! MacGyver is the best !
